 I'm going to go back to the meeting. All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the young zone minutes of a complex. Today's Thursday, April 11, 2024. And we again welcome you to the regular meeting of the young zone city council. This evening I'd like to ask for our invocation to be led by Pastor Darrell Jackson from first assembly young. And I'm going to ask for your welcome. I'm going to ask for your welcome to the young zone city council center this evening of having the young zone city council come scout pack 457 here this evening doing a lot of great work in the community. So if you remain standing, they're going to come forward and lead us in the the pledge of allegiance this evening. So Pastor Jackson, sir, the floor is yours. If you're about your welcome, please welcome to the meeting of the new city council. Thank you for this council meeting today. Would you lead us in guidance with wisdom with understanding as items today are discussed. Bless this community, Lord. Continue to shine and light upon it. May there be more faith, more hope, and more love. May this community continue to be a beacon of light to the surrounding communities. We thank you for today. Bless our time together. May the Yeah, y'all are welcome to take this whole space here if you'd like. Yes. Yeah. Okay. We're going to be doing the right hands. I've heard you lead just to the flag of the United States America. It's really a problem for which it stands. One nation under our own. We need a little liberty and justice for all two. Great job. This would be perfect. We'll keep them in the front and we'll just stand behind. Nice to meet you. Everybody fall in the back. Everybody short in front. Nice to meet you. I can't see this kid right here. One, two, three. Everybody look here. Great job guys. Thank you. I didn't introduce Kevin Broussard who leads the Cub Scout. I'm so resident and just sincerely appreciate all the hard work that our Cub Scout crew puts in different initiatives we have throughout the community. They're always quick to volunteer and quick to show up, helped with the food drive recently at the Youngsville pantry. We couldn't be more proud to have them as young future leaders in the community. To the Scouts and to your parents, thank you so much for being here and for leading us this evening. We look forward to your continued work in the community. Thank you so much. Madam Clerk, would you please call the roll? Mr. Barras, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, Ms. Cree, Ms. Champagne. Thank you, Nicole. A gin item 3.1. I decided to table this at the last meeting just because I knew that we were going to be having a broader discussion tonight about Marty Gropp. But we did have a one of first acknowledge our judge. Everybody knows church point has a great unique Marty Gropp celebration. What we were honored to have spanky mesh, a mayor mesh, Ryan mesh of church point and his wife and his friend of his as our judges for Marty Gropp. And then they submitted to us three. There was three categories. First one was the most original float was the awesome eight. The prettiest float was Monica Meyer State Farm agent. And the most spirited float was crew day, Bon Tom. So I want to congratulate all of them. I don't know if any of them are here this evening. Oh, okay. Who are y'all with? Well, crew of Bon Tom. Well, come on up. We have a certificate for you and appreciate y'all. Let's say crew to Bon Tom was the most spirited float. And we certainly welcome your feedback too. So I hope that you'll. This is on behalf of our team. And yeah, you want to go. Do you want to stay there? You want to go around? Yeah, you can walk in and come around if you want. Yeah. Come on up. So that's just one person. No, it never feels. All right. Yeah, are you with the crew too? All right, ready? One, two, three. Thank you. Congratulations to you. No. Oh, Monica, of course. There we go. We were with, we heard from Monica Tuesday night at our chamber banquet. So let's see. Did you ride with her? I can't be a customer. That's right. Okay. Oh, that. Oh, that's a good theme. Right. So. Let's see. So no, that was the. Pretty. Pretty. Okay. All right. I was making sure I wasn't the most spirited because I would explain why. So pretty. All right. You want to come around again as well? Yeah, we were so proud to have Monica and her team in the parade. So. You got it. One, two, three. Thank you. Congratulations. Thank you so much. All right. And then we'll hold on to the. Awesome age for the most original float. And they didn't know they were winning. We did share that with them already. So. All right. So we'll move on to a gin item 3.2. Mr. Charles Schwammis here tonight to discuss the crew day at KDN and crew lobby. And they are announcing a new cookoff that they're having this weekend. So Charles, welcome to. I have a great show. To bench. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I've seen it online. Thank you so much. Absolutely. I've seen it online. I just wanted to share that. Thank you so much. Thank you. So. Thank you. So. Thank you. So. Thank you. So. Thank you. So. Thank you so much for allowing me to speak and present this to you. We partnered up with crew lobby. We're going to present this year. We wanted to do something a little different, a little unique. And it was two things. So one, partnered up with two more of our crews. That hasn't been done before. In addition to that, what we did, it's, you know, a hamburger cookoff. We have a lot of cookoffs. And we have a lot of great food over here. And we always hear, you know, who's got the good burger, who's got the good burger. So I said, Hey, we'll try to figure it out. So, that's, that was the idea behind everything. So we've got a great, great lineup. We have about 20 different teams coming. We have some musicians come in, obviously we have, it's a family event so we're gonna have kids corner games, face painting. Excuse me, I'm petting zoo, I'm gonna say pet cemetery pet night. So yeah, but so we have a lot of things for the kids to do, other vendors. We're gonna have Mr. Chris Loden from Planet Radio, 106.7, Mr. Weatherall, videoing everything for us. TV3 is gonna be out over there filming everything for us as well. So it's gonna be a fun event and we're hoping to grow on it, kind of expand on it, maybe even make it into a festival. But it'd be something fun, something new, and we're really looking forward to having the sound here. Any questions or anything that could provide clarification for you guys? Charles, we appreciate y'all creating another Mardi Gras crew and we're excited to have had your crew participate in the Mardi Gras parade as well. And wishing nothing but success this weekend. Seeing that you're supporting the local fire departments too, so we appreciate it. And let me clarify that one and so well. So we invited the fire departments. Once again, the youngsville leading the way quickly jumped on and said, hey listen, we're gonna, you know, we'd love to be there. Milton also is gonna come take part and research has some festivities in the morning, but hopefully they'll be able to come take part afterwards. So once again, thank you for that. It's gonna be great for them, you know, for us to honor our first responders fire department. So it's a good little cost for us. Sounds like a lot of fun. So we appreciate it. Thank you and look forward to look forward to passing by myself and saying hello. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you. All right, it's an item 4.1. I'd like to open it up for any public comment on the youngsville Mardi Gras parade. We would invite your feedback at this time. If you do have anything you'd like to share, we would invite you to come forward and give us your name and we're all ears. Thank you. Sure. Yes. Let's see. Well, we have somebody's coming up. I'm not like Mr. Romero. Just so quick. I just want to lead off by saying, I know we said this before and all the council agreed it was a tumultuous time as far as changing the route. All the things you'll adapt it to new staff coming in phenomenal job. Good job, chief. Good job, Terry, your staff. I'm just going to be going to the other side of the road. I'm going to be going to the other side of the road. I'm going to be going to the other side of the road. I'm going to be going to the other side of the road. I'm going to be going to the other side of the road. I'm going to be going to the other side of the road. I'm going to be going to the other side of the road. I'm going to be going to the other side of the road. I'm going to be going to the other side of the road. Okay. So I don't know, maybe take the barricades from routes going to the sports complex and moving them to the roundabouts. Because other than that, I mean, it was fun. It's just too close to the float. I mean, they can basically do this and just touch the float. It was hard for our drivers to make the turns. The roundabout by Tads, probably in particular. Yes. We saw that and we identified it as well. So I just want to check to see for next year. I know, appreciate that. We had a meeting shortly after the parade and that was something that internally we debriefed about and made some notes about that as well. So great, great feedback. Were you a driver in the parade or did you? No sir. You just wrote, okay. Yes sir. Well, perfect. Well, we appreciate that. And thank you for participating in the parade. Every year. All right. We'll see you next year then. All right. Yes Charles. What's again? Reed or England mad said under the changes. They were done. And they were done you know. Very well appreciate you actually putting out there, I know, was a kind of sticking your neck out and then listening to everybody and then, you know, making an appropriate changes. So, I didn't think it was that big of a deal. I'm happy to be in Fault in it. And, you know, you know, through some correspondence with yourself. You know, I didn't think it was a great. That's all. I thought it was, you know, it was really good in the route. Yeah, I did. I was able to send you some notes in regards to some of the concerns that we had. But overall, it was great. It's always fun. Cutting it down, I mean, we're still able to get done in a timely fashion. My monthly suggestion would be the beginning of the lineup. Showing up there significantly early just kind of starts things maybe a little bit earlier than what you need to. Maybe we can do it the line up, you know, something to consider. I'm not complaining. Hey, Morty Gras starts at 6 a.m. Gras starts at 6 a.m. But just to maybe make it a little flow a little easier. So, but other than that, we had a great time and we're hoping to do it again next year as well. Appreciate it. So thank you all so much. Thank you. Great job. Thank you, Charles. How are you doing? My name is Mark Abarado. As far as, you know, we still feel the old parade went through a young zoo. And we feel this new route basically you've taken a parade out of young zoo. Is the plan to maintain the path that you're on now and no longer going through old young zoo? Well, we, I think we're going to have to of course have some discussion. You know, we haven't the only conversations we've had thus far was really to debrief on the last parade, what worked right, where do we feel we still had opportunity. Tonight was a critical path for us before we make any decisions moving forward. I mean, I have some comments I'll probably make of my own, but certainly wanted to, you know, be respectful and hear everyone's feedback first. We missed old parade. We missed a coming through old young zoo. That's all we've known. His, you know, history of having a parade through town. Yes. So we hold it in our regard. We just wanted to pass it if you're looking for feedback. Yes. We hold it in our regard. Appreciate it. Right. Thank you, Mr. Warren. Jason Harwick, I live on the parade route. It wasn't a big deal to walk the extra block to I bear you a street to enjoy the parade, but I do find it a little hypocritical that we spent all the money on the beautification of the church street and put up the signage for Mardi Gras and it didn't even go down. Mardi Gras. So that was kind of a upsetting and we see it every day. So it was kind of that that's it. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate that. Hi, Miss D. I'm Diana Montgomery and I wanted to give my observation. I was, is that shame and matter where Van Allen is, right? What I noticed on the barriers, kids stand on the barriers. Well, the large trucks, the 18 lillers, as the other fellow was saying, the mirrors almost hit children in the head. And again, you know, taking the parade out of the village, I feel like people were on the sidewalks out of the street. So even with the barriers near the street on church street, people weren't in that much danger. Also concerns of the village people, you're taking away from the village. And that's what made young people. So just to let you know, a lot of people aren't in agreement with the new route for various reasons. And danger for the children is the main thing. It's like the road wasn't wide enough or the large floods. Right. Yeah. So that was my observation. I appreciate it. Okay. Thank you, Miss D. Any other feedback about Marty Grull? Okay. I'll just make a couple of comments. First, I just want to echo what my colleague said about commending our team. You know, I think that internally we made some changes from the registration process, which began with Haley in my office, our permit manager, Kale. And I feel like it was very organized and very well run there. The prep work Terry and your team, I think, was outstanding. I never recall the cleanup and the barricades being picked up as quickly as they were. Basically by the end of Sunday, by the end of Sunday, you still had some stored barricade stored. But by Monday, everything was picked up completely before being off from already grad day. And I never recall that happening. So thank you. Chief, look, you would have received the blame. Had things not gone well. So I think you deserve, I think it's fair to say that you deserve the credit. You and your administrative or your command staff and every officer you had. I shared some observations and feedback from previous years to briefing. I think you understood the assignment, the outside assistance with other agencies was impressive. They were actively managing the route. They were actively patrolling the route from my observations on the parade. So I appreciated the feedback that we received. Was that the traffic to disseminate, or maybe not disseminate, but to get people out of the city. Appeared to be a lot smoother than some other times. So I want to thank you for that. The fire department, all the outside agencies, were I think really had their best foot forward. You know, relative to the parade, I think, you know, look, I love the Mardi Gras parade. I absolutely do. I look back to some older pictures that I had, some of my first Mardi Gras parades. You know, when the Mardi Gras parade went through my neighborhood, I would walk just to quiet meadows and copper, what's the street called? Copperfield, no, not Copperfield. Copper meadows, boulevard. Yeah, copper meadows, boulevard, and quiet meadows. And you could literally do cartwheels down it. I looked at my first picture that when I was fortunate to become the mayor in 2015, in the amount of space at Moravance, it was, it's completely different than it is today. The question or the challenge that we really had is how do we scale that parade? I mean, the, let's face it, I mean, it's become very, very popular. And I think that that's a great thing. But to some, you know, to some extent, I guess it's fair to say that we're a victim of our own success there as a community. Because people want to be here. That's the Mardi Gras parade in the destination of choice. I would love to have the parade the way it was. I just don't know how we can really achieve it responsibly. Because even if we can limit the number of floats, which we've proven that we now can, I just don't know how we can limit the crowd size. So it's multifaceted when we fix one thing or improve one thing. It creates other opportunities that perhaps we didn't anticipate. And we realize that we, you simply can't control it. There's not a gate that we can put out. And just even if we stop vehicular traffic, there's a reason we tell people to come early, Charles, and that's because we're afraid you won't be able to get here into the parade lineup. Because even if the roads were closed, I mean, I've heard reports of people walking from signs where they're having their cook off this weekend in years past. We have some technology that our teams using now. Within the city limits of Youngsville, from cell phone signals, there were 75,000 people in town for the four hours of the Mardi Gras parade. It's hard, it's extremely hard to do that safe and to do it responsibly. But I certainly welcome ideas on how we can scale that. You know, for me, the question really wasn't unique because that's something we challenge ourselves and we figure out every day, how do we scale whatever it is we're working on. I mean, we have a water plan out to bid today that's opening May 1st. We have Pam's going to give us updates on road projects. So every single thing we do is how do we do it in scale it for the realities of today? You know, we take a lot of pride in the heart of our city, the village. There's a reason we're here with intention at this corner. I couldn't be more proud of Father Russo and the parishioners of St. Anne's for expanding the church where they are. I'm so proud that the historic house next door is going to be part of the diocese as the directory, the beautification project that we were fortunate to extend down a young civil middle. I was probably the last one out of everybody that I had in my ear that didn't want to change the route because I anticipated that there'd be some people that were upset. But in the end, I really, I knew it was the right decision. We just didn't know how to do it or how to do it, you know, with how to do it safely and responsibly. And if our first responders could have come to me and said, hey, we have it. This is our plan. This is what we're doing. But that's not the feedback or the information that I was being given at the time. So plenty of people look, everything that we do, we learn from it. We want to continue some improvement is our mantra. And I think there are things that we can learn from. I mean, there were three things we did. We limited the number of floats because I think everyone agreed that when you're basically locked in place for more than three hours, it creates gridlock and it just encourages, that's not beneficial to our businesses. The business owners that I talked to, the days of the after party at Hooked Up, Acadia and a Bar and Grill, more vans. When I met with those owners, I was very surprised to hear what their margins were on those days because everyone is, I guess, you know, bringing their own stuff. And by the time the end of the parade comes, you're just ready to go. So our belief was if we have a shorter parade and can get traffic management right, then you're free to move about the city a little bit quicker. And I do think that we made great strides in regards to that. The increase of the permit fees, I think was money well invested because we had to pay our first responders and we had to pay for the cleanup and it was all used for that purpose. And then the route change, look, you know, I've lived, I moved here in 2006 and this is probably the fourth route change that's been since 2006. But in fairness to church street, the parade always went down church street. You know, we started at public works, you know, one year. It used to incorporate more of young Zohaiway. It used to incorporate copper meadows. It used to be on fountain view. And every time that there was a change made, it was because of growth and how do you scale and how do you do it safely. Because if you talk to people that have been, you know, since the original, like, you know, we have the crudays on me, President, here with us. So, I mean, so, so I know the historical context. I mean, we weren't dealing with, you know, 40-foot trailers, you know, back in those original days. We were dealing with a smaller group of people in vehicles, you know, I mean, it was just completely, it was a completely different experience. So, I guess the challenge for us as a community is how do we preserve those traditions in a respectful manner, while still doing it safely. And I think that's the challenge. That's the challenge that we have to do every day, you know, with us and young. So, I mean, there was, you know, I remember there was heated discussions about, before my time, about where should City Hall be located. Remember, it was supposed to be in Sugarmore Pond at one point on donated property. I went through meetings where the church was going to be moved, you know, and time brought clarity on those decisions, because we're here, you know, because we want to be. The flags look that, the flags we put up, you know, on our veterans, we do it to honor, you know, whatever the case may be, I hope we can do more, you know, when we rolled them out, I think we bought six, you know, and Terry's team does a phenomenal job of that. So, anyway, certainly no disrespect. We changed some things with the parade because we want to be able to continue it, and we want to be able to continue it in a safe manner. That was really, that was the only mode of, you know, behind it. You know, the concern about the business owners. I did talk to quite a few business owners after last year, this year. Now, granted, I didn't talk to every one of them, you know, I acknowledge that. When we did change the route, I talked to the ones that I felt would be, if you didn't hear from me before, when we were considering the route change, you heard from me immediately after, and those that were on the route, I tried my best to offer alternatives, offering them locations along the route on city property to try to make up for their lost income and so forth. So, but the feedback is certainly well intended. It doesn't have to stop today. I mean, this is, this is what we do. We do work for the public, and I want to continue hearing your feedback. So, but just in summary, I want to commend again, the our professional law enforcement team that was put in place. Chief, thank you, and to your entire command staff. It's all of you, Terry, Linda is captain of the fire department in your team. I got a lot of feedback, obviously, with the parade route change, but I will tell you the last two or three years for about the two weeks after the parade were miserable because it was just nothing but a lot of complaints and a lot of things that people didn't like about the parade. But this year, I think, despite the adversity in the beginning, I think it is a fair statement to say that for this being a, you know, there's not a crew that runs this parade. I want to point out, which makes me so excited that we have another new Mardi Gras crew because ultimately, I mean, I would love to get back to the days where the crews were leading the parades and kind of, you know, running them there. So, but anyway, I think there's perhaps something else that we can do. I don't know what it is, maybe one day in the future, a Christmas parade or something, you know, to where we need help to be able to do that, you know. But I think there's great opportunity for young Zoda to have a festival again with the Ampete Deator things that we can create the community that those of you in the village want to see. So, good. Any other comments about that? I mean, I don't need to have the final word on this. Please, if you have something else, I mean, I'm all ears to hear it. Okay. All right. Thank you, ma'am. All right. Well, there's no other, yes, chief. I just wanted to say thank you for the words. Also, given some numbers, I ran through myself. I was in the parade, so I got to see it from above. And then, as soon as I was over with, I was boots on the ground with my guys running with them, anything they needed. But we had 20 calls for service. I ran it for a six-hour period. I personally went through everyone by myself. And the 20 calls for service were very light. I'm talking traffic. Obviously a couple of disturbances and one arrest. So, I think for a day that filled with that many people, I've been working for over 20 years, that's a success. So, overall, it was a great job. I everyone, and I was very happy to see the results at the end of it. Let me make it. I know there was a comment that was made about dance teams are lack thereof of the dance teams. That wasn't that was intentional. It's not because anybody couldn't afford the parade registration. One of the objectives of the parade, when you have a parade of this size, was to eliminate the gaps that were within the parade. We had numerous meetings where drivers that have participated for years came and discussed and talked to us, just like the gentleman did earlier, from to hear things from a driver's perspective and from a law enforcement perspective. Whenever there's gaps in the parade, it's a challenge. Because once people start migrating into the street, it's hard to get them back out. So, look, I love the variety that dance teams and bands create. And there, again, I was probably the last one that didn't want to extend the invites to them. But it's also a long route. So, it's hard for them to keep up at that pace for the entire length. So, it was automatically creating gaps in the parade. So, the solution in previous years would be that the lead of the parade would stop and let everybody catch up. Well, every time you stop in the parade, it encourages people to get off of the floats. We've had incidents or accidents have happened. Several years back, there was a young lady who got off at one of the stops and the float rolled over her foot. So, every change we make, we realize that there may be another change, like an unintended consequence of it. One of the things we did as well, we recognize that having the, we're so proud to have 10 in CAA teams here that weekend. I mean, I don't think many communities of our size can say that it had 75,000 people in a 12 square mile area of a daytime pop, of a normal population of like 18,000 people here, and host an NCAA college tournament that you put in a parade. But one of the challenges for us with them was to get them back in time to start, they kind of take off and that creates a gap. So, we were able to ride together as one and I can go on and on because there's so many things that every decision that was made of moving the chess piece was in response to feedback that we've learned from and debriefed in previous years. The intention wasn't just to shoot from the hip and let's see what happens. It was all really strategic moves that takes, you know, months worth of planning. So, Miss Boris. I was just curious. It had been years since I've ridden in the parade. So, I hadn't been on the route to see how crowded it was in different areas. Shema, Meta, yeah. Around the roundabout of our community first bank, Tads, it was very, very crowded. I'm curious, all the changes that were made to the parade this year. Did it affect the crowds that we've had in the past? Was there a... The size of the crowd? So, the end result, the parade length was exactly the same. And look, I was still to this day we'll share with you that initial route left a little bit to be desired because if you were around my office or city hall just larger, we had probably 10 route versions and it started getting really confusing. I'm just probably oversharing, you know, because it was... But so, I agree it left a lot to be desired because the intention was never to shorten the route. That's why I was so quick to change it because I wasn't really completely sold on it to begin with. So, ultimately what we landed on was the same length four miles, I believe it was, four miles. So, we took one mile off the end and added one mile to the beginning. And the idea behind it was, for years, the law enforcement personnel, we count on. We have, you know, without getting into, you know, strategy too much. We have, I think, 32 post-certified officers that work for the city full time. That day we have, I think we had 130 ish that we paid, that worked that day. So, in order for us to get law enforcement from these other agencies, I have to listen to them or else they're not going to be interested in coming back. For years, they've told us, Jim and Metri, Jim and Metri, Jim and Metri. So, I didn't know what to expect that first mile of Jim and Metri. But there was a nice crowd of people there. Fairfax, Fair Haven, you know, Sugar Ridge. Sugar Ridge has 450 homes now there within walking distance. You have Nicole, I mean, you have a lot more, you know, you have a lot of work. The city is growing south. So, south of Jim and Metri. So, there was a lot of room for those residents to have a new spot. Marty Grasovat, tradition though. You know, you go to the same place generally. So, I get that. The reason the mile was taken off at the end was to the gentleman's point around about Ken Cosprolbns because of the pinch points, the churns, you know, things of that nature. So, did it affect the crowd size? I would tell you, from my observation, no. Now, that's just my opinion. I mean, those that that road in the parade could probably, you know, share. I think that if this route is repeated, I think that first mile, we'll see it continue to populate. The other thing that this opened up was a lot more public property. All the frontage along the sports complex is public property. So, you don't have to know somebody in any of that space. I mean, that's public property. So, it opened up several hundred parking spots at the sports complex plus a lot of frontage on Shimon Metery for those that didn't have a designated place to go. And, you know, developers and the council as the governing authority has been very intentional in having connectivity for our community. I mean, there's a reason that fourth street now connects into Fair Haven to have access to Shimon Metery because, you know, the roads on Avenue A and B are narrow and they're tight. You know, so the idea, I guess, was to have, hey, enjoy the parade and then be able to just, you know, be walking distance and come back, you know, home. So, did it affect the crowd size now? Not in my opinion. I thought, you know, going up on the, well, limiting the number of floats going up on the fees would help with the crowd control. And that's mainly what, besides that one turn, it's mainly why we don't go down that will grow. That's right. It's crowds down there. Yeah, the other thing, I mean, let me tell you, I mean, too, I mean, this didn't get mentioned. I mean, I do take, we all take a lot of pride in that. We had, I think it was $8,500 of damages to shrubs after the parade last year. And we had, I don't remember the amount. There was a lot of prep work, time and labor that went into putting the orange meshing to try to protect all the landscaping that was put in, you know, from trying our best to make sure that it wasn't being trampled, you know, on. So, let's face it, Young'sville does not have a lot of wide roads. Even the area of Shim and Metery that you were talking to, the challenge there with the barrack kids is if we put it the wider, we make the road, then the barrack, then you're standing in a ditch on, you know, so, so we put it up a little bit into that bike lane to where they're standing room. But the, the, the unintended consequences, then yeah, you're closer to the, you're closer to the vehicle, so it was a balance and we felt like it was right there in the middle to not have you standing in the ditch, but still keep you safe from, you know, the passing vehicles, so. But good question. All right, Mr. Bull's, John. Yeah, I guess, I'm going to counsel with Avarez. The, uh, the crowd, I would say downtown and the past was probably, what I would say almost 20 to 25 deep. It seemed on both sides of the route that extended well past the cemetery if you're passing through that, that's out of church tree. So I would say what this day was really just thinned out the crowd longer and a longer route versus than being compacted into one small area. Um, from a first responder standpoint, I will say that in years past, uh, when I first joined the department in 2010, our call volume per year was roughly, I don't know, 300 calls a year and we're, we're, we're well over a thousand at this point. So your, our residents and our visitors are substantially grown, which is why we've transitioned from a fire to volunteer to a combination now or a fully career department 24, 7, 3, 6, 5. So, um, the challenges we faced early on were getting calls in the heart of our city, but being gridlocked on both sides of the route. So there was no way for us to get in from either side, which, you know, it poses an enormous threat, whether it's a fire or someone's level is in a medical emergency. So what this did really was shortened the amount of floats allowed in and then leaving the downtown area open where we were able to cross over and get to that side of town, uh, within seconds versus it being 10, 15, 20 minutes, uh, as well as having a Katie and ambulance here. So, uh, from our side, that was, that was much needed, uh, a much needed help and help us out tremendously. Um, and as far as even having it back downtown, as much as, you know, I'm not, I'll probably would would agree with Mayor Ritter. I was probably one of the last ones. I was fighting it to be changed, um, but having so many residents and so many goers downtown was, uh, was really a nightmare just trying to navigate a float much less, um, emergency services in general. I was just, that was really difficult. It was eye opening to see that everyone had shifted and really kind of become one, along show, metery and, and then doing other parts of our community, not just the downtown. Um, so for, I guess for my sake, it was, uh, as much as I did, I wanted to change, uh, seeing it and rotting it in a different, a different facet was, was just a nice fresher breath there, uh, or breath of fresh air. Miss Diana. For the doleies and the big trucks, but, um, can go out and make two willers, come down these streets, that are already needing repair or, you know, it's damaging the roads, but it's not a traditional um, body draw parade within a trailer. So how, how do we, how do we go back to, um, how do we go back to that type of body draw parade? You know, and maybe, we strip the sides of these, um, there's any cool willers, um, it's just cool, I'd for friends, and for the safety of the people and the safety of our roads, it's hard to get in and out as it is and that proud about it, if I feel fresh, you know, it's already about the end. Um, yeah, the discussion, I'll tell you just, you know, some of the feedback about the 18 wheeler calves, um, those, those drivers are the most trained drivers that there are on our roads. They have to have additional license requirements that I don't have, it's called a CDL, um, so that, that, you know, because my instinct was very similar to yours, and then we're wearing a room discussing these things, and, and we're kind of like, hey, you know, like my answer is not right. My team knows I never want to be the smartest person in the room, tell me, what, what, what, what is the, what's the issue, what problem are we solving, and what unintended consequences are going to come up when we make this change. So my instinct, too, was just purely from the size perspective, but we're also talking about a vehicle that's better equipped with, um, you know, side mirrors, and, um, you know, a lot of Marty Grot trailers are, um, you know, they're, they're hitched, what had you tell me like hitched at the center and they don't really turn. So it's not a road ready in a sense trailer, it's for Marty Grot, it's, it's used for Marty Grot. The, the comment about the, the trucks being on the roadway, they're on the roadway every day, delivering commerce. So weight wise and all that, 18-wilters are, are driving those, those roads every day. So, uh, back to the CDL drivers, they experienced drivers, they tested, I'm a CDL driver, a class A. Uh, that's where it came in as maneuverability of those, those trucks, knowing what their loads, that type of deal versus somebody just hooking up with a Jeep or, but the first time pulling 40 people with a 40 foot float. So that's where the 18-wilters come in. As, uh, so it's not capable, and it is a large blow that I know it's a large peak. Um, so therefore, it looks like the millicholk is a pray down search, if the people visit you on. Okay, thank you. Yes, Mr. Mayor. Um, it's something that the mayor might not want to say or when it comes to the downtown area, I also fought or probably called and whined about the most because I was hearing from residents. But then I turned around and he presented to me, he said, call the business owners, talk to Father Russo or someone else at the church, um, talk to the police, ask them what they think. And some of the things that I remember being pointed out was more violence the year before had to shut down their business and couldn't even open it up because there were so many people there and they had to pay the ban to leave, to not even play. They lost revenue that year. Um, in front of Young'sville Middle School, multiple years of fights, it was a hot spot for the police having to go there and couldn't get there. Um, so we essentially, they essentially eliminated that one hot spot on the route. Uh, uh, really, uh, you know, Lindy brought up about the crowds. You know, I don't know if it's youth or whatever, but people doing things in the cemetery, they shouldn't have been doing. As far as urination and other things at the church. Uh, and then where the mayor said the lady fell off, she jumped off the float right before Young'sville Middle that year and got ran over. Um, you know, again, that could have happened anywhere. But that turn that you're talking about, I've written in this parade probably eight times now and every single time, I feel like we're going to run over somebody at that turn by the car wash and the church because of the way it's a small street. It's not made. It's a not a degree turn. It's not made for that. Uh, I don't, I don't think it's permanent not going downtown, but I think the way the route is and the amount and the types of vehicles you have in floats, it's almost impossible for it to go down there. I know that he presented several routes to all of us, you know, starting at the complex, coming this way, uh, you know, Young'sville highway all the way down, different things like that. Uh, I think one thing that's proven is that nothing's permanent with Martigrow and Young'sville. It's always ever changing and trying to grow and be smart about it. So I don't think it's the end, but I think from a standpoint, when you, when you look at the good and the bad of not having it downtown, there was too many negatives to continue that at this time. I do think that, uh, you know, Councilman Byrgis and uh, Bulgiano brought up about the uh, amount of floats. I think what it did was I heard it and I felt it when you were finished with the parade, the parade was done. Yeah. The prior two years, we were, you were log jam for hours. So I think most people that were on the route, they were like, Oh, it's here. Oh, okay, it's actually done. There were years where it's like, Oh, no, there's another 20 floats, you know, there's a big gap. So I think where y'all landed on that number, that was a good number. Hopefully that's continues to be the case. What is that number? For floats this year, we had 75. Hopefully this will be 80, 80, 80. What did you think about the length of the parade? It was good. Um, I liked the route that it was. I did. My only thinking is making a little, like from the local business and I understand what's more about it's also watching with the little antique shop, our means, you know, and along with the traditional buildings, people, you know, it is a change for them and I understand some will be upset about it. Um, but I was part of that me in Allen and Allen area. Yes, ma'am. So that brings, um, residents to all those businesses. But I'm watching the kids in those little barriers. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how it was near the complex. It's what I saw right there. Yeah. This is just going to listen to their parents or the parents are off, you know, visiting and not paying attention. Um, um, yes, ma'am. If you have any emergency, if there's a lot of proper, have to attend to the end date, I think we can get out of this, this year I didn't hear of it. I'm able to get to fantastic, um, I got feedback from my daughter who was an EMT for a Katie namelands who said, long for some along with the crowds, where he will get her in and out rapidly to get the way they need to get to. So it was, it was a success in that fashion all the way around. Yes, Charles. This route of written in the answer, probably about 10 years now. At the end of the parade, we got out. Yeah. In years past, it was a challenging because we started in one of the subtowns, we ended up in the subtown and we had a float with 40 cents of people on it and try and make it back. Right. And we would spend hours and traffic on a float trying to get back. You know, or got the bit if we actually did get back trying to get out of town. Right. And then if you got out of town, you know, you have to wait to try to come back in the town for anything. So it was nice because of the end of the parade, we can shoot straight out, sit about an hour or two, wait for things to come down and do it and come back. So in regards to the float, riders themselves, the personnel on there, it was the significantly easier for us to traverse the path with the exit being with them. Good to know. Thank you. Okay. I got a thumbs up back there so I said, it's good. All right. Any any other comments or feedback? I think no matter what, it's a lot of people to try to corral. No matter where the route is that we're counting on human behavior, there's so much that's out of, so much that's out of our control. I think our obligation was really just hearing it all and taking it all in from the drivers to participants, the residents, of course, the business owners. I didn't make public all the conversations that I was having with the business owners and some of them that I followed up with afterwards to see how did they compare. There was a lot to take into place, but I do appreciate the feedback and it doesn't have to stop now. I mean, our job's to listen and that's what we continue to do. We'll continue to try to do the best so we can. I guess that's about that a lot. I can say. So, all right. Well, if there's no other feedback, I guess we'll go ahead and continue to move on with the meeting. But thank you all sincerely. A gen item 5.1 is approval of March 14, 2024 meeting minutes. Emotion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Mr. Romero. Any council comments or discussion? All right. Any public comment? Okay. Ms. Kidjury, please open the vote, please. Ms. Varez. All in favor? Motion approved. All right. A gen item 6.1 is approval of the February 2024 Finance Report. Emotion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Councilman Varez. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or question? Okay. Hearing none, Ms. Kidjury, please call the vote. All in favor? Motion approved. All right. Thanks, Nicole. 7.1. Variance request from Ms. Claire Morley to allow her to postpone the installation of a sidewalk for the photography studio to be built at 2513 Bonan Road. Hey, Claire. Hi. Thank you so much for your time. So I want to start off by saying I am very pro sidewalk throughout the city. My situation here is that I had nothing to attach it to. In between residences who are well established. And so the city work that would have to be done to have a sidewalk to attach it to is going to be quite a lot of work. So I'm sure there's potential for it in the future. And I was just hoping to postpone my section until it has something to attach it to. And additionally, along Bonan, directly across the street from that, we've got that continuous sidewalk, which is the path to least resistance because there's no driveways and all of that, where if y'all do end up doing a sidewalk on that side, I think people will probably be using the other side anyway. So yeah, not looking for an exception, just a postponement. All right. Council, I know that I know we don't have it on the screen, but council, you have it on the you have it before you. Any questions from Ms. Morley? All right. Is there a council member or a maro? Yeah, I'll make a motion to approve variants for the sidewalk to postpone until any installation of the sidewalk at 2513 Bonan Road till there's a need for connection. All right. Thank you, sir. And Mr. Bulgiano, seconds, is there any council comment or discussion? Any other public comment related to this matter? All right. If there's no public comment, I'm scared you're pleased to call for the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. Thank you. We're excited about having you there. I know you've been talking about it for a while, but thank you for from glad you're continuing to move ahead with this. Thanks. Yeah, plans are done. Just worked on the landscaping. So I'll be submitting soon. All right. Thanks. Look forward to it. Appreciate it. Permit fees are, you know, about the permit fees right now. Okay. Good. All right. Yeah. Wait, we're on sale. All right. Agenda item 7.2 is another variance request to allow a reduction in a garage setback from 25 feet to 20 feet for a lot 10 of sable south. Okay. Mr. Chad, huzers here. And council, you have Mr. Is it huzers? Who's your, okay. You have his letter for you in the packet. So yeah, we started on our plans in August of last year. Chad Brusar was sentenced to homes as going to be building our homes. We finished everything up and then it became known to us about the setback. Currently, we're got our final plans and hopefully in two or three weeks we'll be building. So perfect. Council, any comments or any feedback? I'll just share with you for what it's worth. I think I'm the one that that I believe I know I'm the one who, who, with Clint's help and just talking as an administrative team about the 25 foot garage setback. I don't have any particular issue with this, you know, at all as the person that initially brought this forward. I think that sable south is going to be a great neighborhood. I think that there's a handful of cul-de-sac lots and then also corner lots of which this is one that kind of make it a little bit more challenging for the floor plans that you'd like to have built there. Yeah, so I mean we, like I said, we have our plans in place. It would obviously be additional costs to go back to have them redrawn and a little time delay. But yeah, we, I think it'd be a really great house. It's just we're just looking forward to move forward with it. All right. Let's see Mr. Bolziana. Yeah. I'll make a motion with my constituents. Everything else to say. Let me get you in, Miss Champagne. Excuse me one second. Okay, go ahead. Well, welcome. Welcome to young zoom. And the question's really this is the same as we did in the last at the last meeting correct, where we did it for two. And I believe right after this we're going to do a blanket. Correct. Is that is among the standout? Yes, ma'am. And I know I have learned a little bit about the way you know you think and I do appreciate that which is why we did recommend in conversations with the developer to let's just look at all of the corner in cul-de-sac lots. For the public's benefit, I mean the intention of this ordinance initially, you know it's no secret we're growing rapidly with residential development. Some of our and we've to my point about continuous improvement learning from best practices and other parts of the country, some of our some of the builders and developers that we have. The goal that we were what problem what we're trying to solve was really one of getting vehicles off the road onto the driveways into garages. There are some builders that don't build the garages large enough for vehicles to begin with. And so that presents a challenge where the garages primarily being used for storage which is you know certainly fine but then when you have the garage 20 feet from you know the road and you have vehicles you know on the on the driveway it makes it harder to enjoy the sidewalks. You have more vehicles in the streets where a community of families and kids so you have kids that are out in the front and it makes it harder more challenging to navigate the roads. We were also just trying to break up you know the the monotony of going down a street and everything looking the same and everything being like on a straight line. So we have a development that we did where the setbacks were buried you know from 20 to 27 to kind of break that visual point up. It appeared to work well so that's why we pass the ordinance to say let's do the garages at 25. I think the opportunity that we have in the future I know that this particular development here is local builders that build build houses where you can actually utilize the garages. So that's why for me personally I don't see the issue here because it's local builders that use that you'll have be using the garages they're unique floor plans that's going to break up the monotony. These are larger lots also. So that's some of our you know kind of thinking you know in the back in big great great questions. Thank you Mayor and thank you for you service. Thank you thank you. Thank you. Okay Mr. Ramara. I don't know how y'all feel about it but uh can we push to 7.3 and just add this a lot into that bulk of all the other locks. That always just cleaner for you guys. I know he's on the agenda but does it really need because my lot is a corner lot. It is yeah I just noticed that I want to zoom in on my camera. So I mean it would be bulked in with these all the other ones. Yeah I think it would just need to amend it to add his lot number 10 lot 10 to that motion. Okay so he's want to let's item die and fine. Is that okay? Yep okay. All right so we'll move to 7.3 7.3 okay we're going to just note that it's dying for a lack of action. All right okay Mayor I like to make a motion on item 7.3 to approve the variance for all of the lots listed and add a lot 10 to that list of 13 oh now to be 14 homes. All right thank you Mr. Ramara Mr. Bulljano seconds any other council comment or question any public comment relative to the relative to the request this is for sable south which is the newest phase of sable palms off of Young's Ohio way that's on the south side of the existing development there's already I think the first or second house being framed along that development right now all right Ms. Boris. I just have a question the variance that the ordinance I should say was this ordinance put forth while this was being built is that why we're having to I don't I don't remember the exact timeline of it I mean this was a the language was on the preliminary plat letter I think it was just a miss um it was something that probably I guess it was a missed opportunity where the developer wasn't aware of it at the time when he sold the lots right so the therefore then his builders weren't aware of it the lots that are remaining here all of your traditional lots I think they're like 80 by one four I mean they're they're going to be much easier to be able to to yes to be able to achieve this misshaun pine yes and also the developer was someone that had developed in the city prior yes so they were used to develop it wasn't like a new developer coming in and and doing a whole new blanket subdivision they were used to development yeah yeah that's correct so all right motion second miss good is there public comment all right no public comment misskidry please call the vote misshaun pine all in favor motion approved all right mr. Chad you're all set sir and welcome to young zool and look forward to watch you get your house built sir so thank you all right we'll go ahead and move on to announcements um Pam you want to go first as I was trying to swallow my water well I think the most I think the most important part is the fact that we got concurrence from fp and c so that we can sign the contracts for the final gmp for phase one for both highway 89 and for the fortune road roundabout currently on the fortune road roundabout project the contractors already set the subgrade based on his early work and he is ready to start placing his line and start treating his subgrade so he's ready to to move and this was going to be then like once he'd have done that he had to finish doing his pond and he was ready to rocket roll so timing was good and we focused all of our time in trying to get those two projects advancing and spending whatever time we needed to spend with a facility plan control to get that done so we also will work in heavily to address comments on la rivier road from dottd as well and we're finalizing the cost estimate plans are done so that we can make a resubmital to them 2024 or 2022 roadway improvements we're going to our next step is to go back to address driveways to add some asphalt and to address driveways and some punchless items yards things like that on the 2022 roadway 2024 roadway we just kind of put we stopped working on that so we could do the focus on la rivier and highway 89 so now that we're getting all that next week we'll get back to finishing up the plans so we can put the road 2024 roadway improvements out to bed anzlam kooley that is your lwi detention pond the survey is complete and we're going to have to get the environmental we got some environmental feedback from our solicitation to the different environmental agencies of some archaeological stuff that they'd like us to do so we need to get with the property owners so that we can get on their property to do their archaeological we're also currently for bayou park pradue and kooley lisao finishing our modeling's done we're in the process of remapping so as you know your detention ponds did allow or did result in a lowering of the bf e and there's a whole process to get that remapped and while we're doing that we're taking in as going through and as many subdivisions we had several subdivisions through the maps of 2018 there might have been a tenth difference and so a bunch of those people were put back in zone a so these the remapping puts many of those back into zone x so we want to make sure we have it right to address for many of our property owners to get the benefit so that's the next part is so that they get the benefit of your detention ponds with getting placed back in a zone x how that's going if they have current insurance it won't necessarily bring it down what it will do is make it not necessary if they don't want to have it if you're in zone a it's required the way they are now addressing costs and i just want to say that in case once the mapping's done people say my interest didn't go down the risk is how they're now giving you your prices they have a whole new pricing system as what they call risk rating 2.0 so that pricing system changed so many people have seen a huge increase but what it will do is just make it not mandatory so right now if you're in a it's mandatory if you're still mortgaging your house so I might not we might not be able to get you a decrease but we might get it to where you don't necessarily have to have it that's and that's not going to be fair resett division but we're trying to bring in as many so the mapping is tedious work but it's going to be worth it in the end for the homes that'll benefit and I can't say just based upon dry ditches and what we saw after having such a high intensity rain event yesterday they did their jobs yesterday and that so we're very happy to have another I wanted another rain event but we are seeing that they are still working we're still working with the property owners doing some minor shifts on the what we're called the south connector along Shema Aguiav so that hopefully we can make the next move forward to start doing the actual plan so we're still working and tweaking that alignment and we don't have any new things to report on 92 Prescott other than we were at 30% with and we had completed our survey all right okay there is just what you mentioned by you park Purdue I mean there's survey markers that are out misdiana maybe you've noticed there's a surveyer that did everything on along by you park Purdue from young so highway to the sports complex doing survey because they're creating plans and they're going to go and that it's a parish job so they're going to be removing siltation so you know hopefully we'll be seeing that get in there also on anzlam as well so I'll go around the veterans park that channel there there's also survey marks around there and let's out let's let the the ladders tell us out that's wonderful that's wonderful and they did tell me that the cherish was looking at the section yeah yeah I think I'll tell you about yesterday's range before the pool is high the debris inside doesn't allow an up movement today's when did it help push it through because by public works I think I've brought it there tension before um there's a dam of branches that someone has been put there in order to cause so with that build up and the leaves coming from my very tree which is what they build up and it does take a lot longer to flow and receive okay thanks for letting me know about it we'll follow up on it all right any questions for Pam from the council all right huge milestone with the concurrence and the concurrence was the critical path so if you're if you're asking why is why is more not happening on young zohiway that's the reason why but the concurrence is the states paying 75% of it the money's been bonded out facility planning just agreed with concurrence meaning that they're now in agreement with the the design and the contractors this has no more barriers to fully begin that work in that process so we had more designed than what was bonded out so we basically had to go to plans that were further along and scaled them back to fit in the exact amount that the state allocated for the job so that was part of the reason now the state has concurred with all of the eyes and the the tees so we're ready to ready to go thank you Pam 10 thanks mayor well why see baseball and softball and then they will be this this Saturday at 8 a.m. on supreme field with about 1600 players you know all playing a game that day we're going to be recognizing young zohiway resident's Brandon and Missy McGiver and their committee members that were instrumental in getting our vision of sports for all going we're beginning exclusive play sports starting with baseball and softball we have over 60 players and 40 buddies who assist them already registered and will register till through May 10th our goal in Brandon sports for all would be to offer inclusive play leagues in all of our sports that we offer and including our sports partners the spring adult sugar beach league you know is underway after they flagged football I started their games the Raising Cain's tennis center was recently one of seven host sites for the Crawfish Classic where there were over a thousand players the sugar cane showdown featuring UL men's tennis team versus Georgia State will also be this Saturday from 10 to 2 um the uspta which is the United States Professional tennis association uh their southern southern division has notified that bill will be inducted into their Hall of Fame May 18th and go for Mississippi uh 2d baseball and fast softball tournaments uh continue on the weekends the conference USA collegiate beach volleyball tournament will be this month April 25th through the 27th and it will be televised live on the uspm plus the wreck center the rotary glow pick-up alternative will be this Saturday at the wreck center um picks a splash park will open on May 1st the VFW women's auxiliary cookoff at the soccer park in light will be held on Saturday April 20th slumber j family event uh with roughly 450 plus participants will be this will be on Thursday May 16th they're going to have their event quarterly with us um we hope the event similar to that we host the caterpillar rental family event annually which over 650 participants attend and we'll soon have sent us an AES family day events also coming at the at sugar beach and well 10 we have and i think it's also we're saying uh great job i know we have some new uh sponsorships that have come through still have a limited number of sponsorships at the expansion site uh the pickleball naming rights uh was just taken uh we're in we're in discussions about the amphitheater naming rights but they're still a handful of limited sponsorship opportunities there and um Tim i know you couldn't make it but i was very proud to talk about the sports for all in uh that that program um at the chamber bank with this week i think the timing of it coincides great with the lines clubs donation of the inclusive playset uh we have taken receipt we've taken uh yeah receipt of the um our delivery we've taken delivery of the of the playset it's over an 8,000 square foot inclusive playset and it's gonna really give uh children you know without disabilities an opportunity to play in and you know network with um kids with disabilities so we're real excited about that and think that it it it couples in very well with the success that you're already seeing in the registration numbers so i appreciate you taking the lead on that and then also for the i know soccer is already doing it and hopefully we can roll out to the other sports as well so really really cool and um i i can't say it enough i'm in five-collet five collegiate tournaments are taking place that your sports complex uh in in over a ninety-eight period spanning three sports i think that's just a great testament for every resident of youngsville and um you know every every body that's a sponsor and has any any any hand in that so uh baseball day Saturdays open to the public if you want to see a lot of uh smiling faces there's uh over 1500 kids that have signed up to play baseball softball and t-ball and Saturday it all kicks off so um hopefully the weather is good and i think it will be for perfect so a lot of great things happen in there i guess in what the only thing i'm just thinking about you know and i don't want to get off opine and about this but you know when that long ago that we uh recreation was done by b-y-y-a b-y-y-a brucard youngsville athletic association and uh you know that changed to running it through the youngsville recreational sports program i mean you look back at everything that's happened here and it's all been changed and continuous improvement and um you know so as proud as we were about b-y-y-a in the strength of that program and that organization um seeing where it is today is just it's um it's phenomenal works very proud of that the other thing i was uh this number continues to just catch my attention we have 6,800 kids that go to our schools between k to twelfth grade within the city limits of youngsville so if you add in the early education centers pre-schools daycares uh it's very easy to uh get over 80 105 and what what's 80 105 80 105 was the complete census for the entire city here in 2010 so that's our population of just daycares and k through 12 students so um just that may mean i don't know that made me really just have a moment of pause to realize people want to be here and whether it's about the parade or recreation or roads i mean that's that's the challenge that we face every day and that's how to scale this uh to make sure that we're being respectful to everybody that wants to be here and those of you that have lived here forever so thank you Tim Sarah I wouldn't expect in you but i'm happy to see you so the wastewater treatment plant um upgrade received LDH permit and um so we're just waiting on LDQ and farm our shell permitting and approval and the rate study um pump station four we received the LDH permit and we're awaiting the rate study uh the water plant as you said bill bids may first elevated storage tank received LDH approval and waterline interconnections also oh no that one we're awaiting LDH approval and the storage tank and waterline interconnections were waiting on the right study for the sugar mill pond pump station upgrade it's in progress and we're coordinating with the sugar mill pond engineer to determine the best route for the force of meaning and i think we did wait we got you the check you need for for for the elevated storage tank okay so we we we're moving a close and on that property yeah the the check spin issued for the property and um yeah the the the the water water plant opening on uh may first i think is definitely a critical path and our in our continued ability to grow so we're excited about that and then my last comment one of those pump station upgrades whether it's three or four i think we're going to peel off of the um DEQ funding and put that on its own contract for capital outlay okay because we have uh we had 500 thousand from last year's capital outlay so i'd like to do have that just to i mean that's already of bonded out and it is ready so now that our facility planning guys given us all the green lights on uh Pam's projects i we're gonna do this one so okay all right so it's okay thank you okay captain anything all right are there any any council announcements all right any other bit any other mr. remera yeah sorry i made a couple of notes uh mario the chamber did a phenomenal job Tuesday night uh with the event i thought it was also it was a great change of pace uh the last couple of years uh shenan congratulations on your business for being recognized Pam congratulations on y'all's business for being recognized too long standing businesses in town much like others uh which is really good to see getting that recognition uh with all the other businesses and stuff and uh great job so good to see you thank you and i couldn't be uh i said it in the office that couldn't be more proud your pams firm just celebrated their eighth anniversary um for those of you that don't know Pam uh she's born and raised here in youngsville her father was the town mechanic she was educated here locally spent some years working out of town uh but came back and is uh is uh dedicated her career to improving infrastructure and and you know whether it's water or you name it so i'm exceptionally proud to see you have your eighth anniversary and you choose and have the business in youngsville so congratulations and um and to Gary as well on his 10th anniversary so into everybody i agree the chamber bank who was exceptional kind of it was kind of a renewed reminder about the importance of shop in local because we have great businesses throughout our community and anything that we can do to continue supporting them um i think we've got to keep that at the forefront of our decision making so all right any other announcements all right uh is there a motion to adjourn? all right um second by mr. Bolgiano all in favor say aye all right uh deep in adjourn thank you all so much