 open the floor for any public comment relative to the increased milled rates. Is there any public comment related to the increased milled rates? Okay, at this time there's no public comment related to the increased milled rates. So I'll adjourn the public hearing. All right. Okay. All in favor? All right. Public hearings adjourned. All right. Good evening again. September 12, 2024. Tonight is the regular meeting for the Youngsville Mayor and City Council for our invocation this evening. I'd like to ask Pastor Travis Minick to lead us in the invocation. And then if you remain standing in our pledge of allegiance to this evening, it's going to be led by some special guests in the audience this evening, which is our Girl Scout troop number 239. Pastor, thanks for being here. Sorry. About the heads. Well, we know that Wisdom begins with the fear of you. In Lord tonight, we just invite you into these meetings tonight. Lord, give us wisdom and knowledge in leading this city or help the men and women or as they guide under your direction tonight. Well, we thank you for meeting us here and we pray all this new blessed holiday. Amen. Amen. Yeah. You're welcome to come up front if you'd like. Yeah. Shelby, I assume since it's you want to do it in the microphone, if you want. Yeah. Whatever you're ready. I pledge allegiance to the flag as the United States of America and to the equivalent for which is stand on the nation under God, individual and just this for all. Great job. And it was a pleasure having you visit City Hall today. So. And for schools, we do it in Spanish. Oh, okay. Well, well, I'm not surprised. But thank you for being here this evening. Miss Gidry, would you please call the roll? Miss Barraz. Here. Mr. Volgiano. Here. Mr. Romero. Here. Miss Cree. Here. Here. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, this evening we had the opportunity to, of course, you just heard the pledge led by our wonderful Girl Scout troops 239. I just want to commend you for all the great things that are taking place with your leadership. We're looking forward to the cookie sale that's coming up. I forgot to ask if there's any new flavors this year. But I have a feeling you may have told me if there were. So. From. Well, for members of the public, the troop was learning about civics, their citizenship, badge. I guess it is. And this evening we walked through a, from a, from what a concept to how the ordinance was passed. So it was, we had some really good public comment about it. And I know, on behalf of my colleagues on the council, we enjoyed having you here this evening. So thanks for sharing the afternoon with us before the meeting. And we look forward to seeing you continue leadership in the community. So thank you all for being here. All right. Jen, I'm 4.2. This evening chief Luvierre is going to recognize officer Zachary Smith upon his graduation from the Acadiana Law enforcement academy. Did he have to step out? No, he's here. No, okay. Okay. Yeah. So it floors yours chief. Thank you. So officers, Zachary Smith is our newest officer at the Youngsville Police Department. Not only is it a big accomplishment to become a police officer to, to get to that level past the initial hiring process, which is stressful as it is, but to finish a 15 week academy, completely dealing with the stressors of the PT, the tests that they take every week, the wealth of information that you're absorbing. But then to go a step above, Canadian law enforcement training academy has what's called the top cadet award. So the top cadet award is given to one individual that goes through the entire academy that rises above in academics, firearms, and physical fitness. We are lucky to have officer Smith working with us. Not only did he graduate the academy, but he graduated the academy with the top cadet award, which we couldn't be proud of. His demeanor, his position on learning and wanting to accept has been outstanding. So we're lucky to have him. We're happy to have him on board. Thank you. Officer Smith, congratulations and look forward to having you as a look forward to thank you for being a part of the team. So let us know if we can ever help you with anything. Thank you. A gen item 4.3, our LPSS superintendent, Francis Tuchet, is here this evening to provide an update on the Lafayette Power School System activity. Superintendent, welcome back, sir. Thank you, Mayor. Council members, members of the public. Again, as promised, I've stated that I would start at the beginning of the year, give you some updates as far as the school system is concerned. In front of you, there is a one-pager person that believes to keep it very simple. But we have right now there is a sheet in front of you that says this is the number of students that we have at each of our different schools. The second part of that document is the different projects that are happening at those different schools, whether it be green tea, whether it be south side, which you all have heard that we are funding that field and making sure that the field house, the track, everything that goes with whatever else has in the district is taking place. Also one thing that I really want all of you to be aware of that within the next couple of months, there will be a lot of things in the news. A lot of things that we'll talk about where the school system is going to move toward. That could mean school closures. That could mean consolidation. That could mean adding programs to different schools. The one thing that we're really trying to do is to make sure that we have someone that comes in and takes a really good look at what we're doing and if we're using the taxpayers dollars the way it needs to. I am not saying that we're going to do all these different things, but all of those things are on the table. All of those things are going to be looked at. We are looking at probably some immediate things happening for next year, some things happening in five years, some things happening in ten years, and possibly fifteen years. We are really looking forward to that report. The last thing that I want to bring you guys up to date with is just something I want you to be aware of. This is the superintendent gumball cookoff that I'll be having annually that will be starting this year. It's going to be on October 18th at our central office to where Lafayette Parish is one of the biggest businesses. We have personally sent an email to each of those different vendors and those vendors will come out and all of the monies being raised are going to go back to the schools. If we raise $200,000 we will cut a check 46 different ways and we'll make sure that those monies goes back to the kids and to the teachers around incentives. With that being said, I just want to first of all, again, thank you for your partnership. Thank you for being who you are. I want you to know that I am committed, our board is committed, to making sure that this relationship builds upon itself. At this time I'll take any questions that you may have from me. Let's see, council, your mics are on. If you have any questions for the superintendent, yes, ma'am. No questions. I just want to thank the superintendent because we're thinking and I know that you appreciate the education field as you do to make Lafayette Parish the best education file kids that they possibly could be. On behalf of the state board, I would like to congratulate you on that and thank you for that. Thank you. Councilman Boljana. Yeah. Well, first of all, thank you for coming. I appreciate the update as always. A few residents were asking the kids on South-South-South-Stady-M and obviously this is the biggest topic of discussion. I think we'll talk about it until it's completed in the first home game is there, but we're all excited for that. Is there any estimate of timeline or what that looks like for the future? So I will say to you is that before the board even committed to the 12 million, I was doing behind the scenes working. We were doing and making sure that architects were doing their things. We made sure that the day after we put everything out. We are looking at their first game being for the 25-26 school year. That is, stands being built. The capacity of the entire home and end-to-visitor side will be 4,400 people. We will also have concession stands. We'll have restrooms. We will have a $3 million field house with weight room inside of it so that these kids are not going to have to go to the school or come back. They'll be right there. So lots of different things happening even to the point where there's two architects doing this work. One is focusing on the field house, the other is focusing on the field itself. And also we're going to have track. We're going to make sure that there is a eight lane track that kids can actually use throughout. So again, we're going to give, and I say this all the time, we're going to give the kids in Young'sville what every other school has. And again, I said it to the mayor and I'll say it to you. Listen, let's let the past be the past. These kids knew nothing about what happened back then. But they know is that they don't have these things and they've been traveling to St. Martin Parish and they've been doing all these different things. That's not fair to those parents. That's not fair to those kids. So I am looking forward that the field is going to be ready within the next couple of weeks. We're going to have kids practicing on that field. We're going to make sure that JV games can be played on that field this year because we have lights. We're going to make sure that we do everything we can to utilize it. And the band kids, the band kids are actually going to be able to go and practice on a turf field where lines are already there. So again, lots of different things happening. I'm excited for this community. I'm excited for the school. Listen, we got 1,830 kids at Southside High School. 1,830 kids. When you walk through that school in the morning, there's kids all over. I mean, it's happening. It's a very lively place. It's a place that has a lot of spirit, a lot of culture, and by all means, those kids support each other. Just go to a game and see exactly what happens in the stands when they're supporting their teams. Anything else? Council members, Mr. Councilman. I'm just going to echo what Simone said. I don't think we've had this most communication and dialect with a superintendent since I can remember not knocking part of the administration. Like you said, I think what you've done with the current board and yourself and your administration is phenomenal. And it's showing throughout the past. Keep up the good work. Thank you. Ditto. It's extremely refreshing. Keep up the great work. We're proud to be partners with you, superintendents. Thank you all so much. Thank you for being here. I have another obligation. So again, if you all can excuse me. Absolutely. You have a good night. Take care. I'm sorry to add a four point four, Mr. Todd East is here this evening to announce this candidacy for city council division D. Thank you for giving me some good work. You're safe. Yes, sir. Thank you for giving me some opportunity to speak. I'm Todd East. I'm ready for division D council. I've been here. Let me take some stuff apart. Maybe you may not know. But deep roots in the community. I'm a Catholic. Christian. Republican. America and who I'm very proud of. And I. I'm my schooling. I wanted to be a Catholic priest. I haven't said that in about 35 years. So when I went to college, I took theology. Took every theology to get me ready for the seminary. I realized that God had a different plan for me. And that's why I stand for here before you today. I took it all to school. But I always wanted to do good. I traveled throughout the world for the Catholic Charities and other ministries staying months at a time, delivering food and budgeting. Now I run a successful company with five or six trucks. I operate it and with my wife too. We help. She helps. We do good. And we're growing. I see the budget. Let me skip to the budget. You look at my card. You see budget management on there. I don't see it as just a budget. I see not just numbers or calculators or a book, but I see families. I see roads. I see the men and women that come to work every day. You want to look into the budget. I see the peace department where I support. I see the father partner. And I see that the budget means a lot to me. And as you know, I ask for the budget every time. It means a lot to me. Because I look into it. And I see. Tim's. The sports complex. I see a lot of things. And that's why I'm running for city council. Because God has set my path. And that's the way I am. So I prayed about it. And I asked my wife about it. And I saw about it. And that's why you. I'm here for you today. So I'd like to ask for you to support on November 5th. Thank you. Todd, thank you. Invest in. Oh, yeah. Appreciate you being here with us this evening, sir. Right agenda item 5.1 is approval of the August 8th, 2024 meeting. Is there a motion? Motion by Ms. Barras. And the second by Councilman Volgiano. Is there any public comment? Any council comment in the discussion? Game of schedule, please call the vote. Ms. Barras? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Miss Cree? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. All in favor, motion approved. Thank you. 6.1 approval of the July 2024 Finance Report. Motion by Councilmember Romero. And a second by Councilwoman Creed. Is there any council discussion or any public comment? Okay, if there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Miss Cree? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. Miss Barras? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council 7.1. Ms. Gidry, review for pump station number three. Susan's in the back. Come on up, Susan. Hi there. So we received four bids. That seems to be our magic number recently. Four bids. The estimate was 380,000. Three of those bids came in below that. The low bid was southern constructors for a base bid of 323,000. Mrs. the pump station on Young Street, that southern trails is going to come to. All right. Any comments or questions from the council? Okay, we'll take a motion to accept the low bid. All right, Miss Champagne motions to accept the low bid. And there's a second. A second? By Councilmember Volgiano. Any council comment? Any public discussion? Any question? All right. Miss Gidry, please call the vote to award the low bid. Mr. Rivera? Yes. Miss Cree? Yes. Miss Champagne? Ms. Barras? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Motion approved. Thanks, Susan. Thank you. All right. 7.2 is to discuss and consider rescinding the following condition for Cypress Gardens Phase 2, which was approved on October 15, 2020. And that condition was the HOA. Covidance will reflect that the residents will have control after 80% of the lots are sold with the exception of architectural control. I don't see Mr. Anselom here this evening of which, in fairness, I wasn't expecting him to tell me that he wouldn't be able to attend this evening. I did tell him that I would put this before you for your consideration, council. This was a condition that was placed on Phase 2 of this development prior to the preliminary plot approval. To give you an update as I appreciate it as things are now, Phase 1 has been churned over. The Phase 1, Mr. Anselom has resigned from that board of directors. There's been a new election, a new board. They've hired a new management company that's taken over Phase 1 for that neighborhood. Bank accounts, everything's been done. Phase 2 of restrictive covenants have been recorded, reflecting your wishes, showing that the homeowners association would be churned over after 80% of the lots are sold with the exception of architectural control. So with that recording, we did allow there lots to be sold now. I don't know that any permits have been issued yet, but we did start that process. But I did tell Mr. Anselom that since all the criteria was met from the first phase, that I would bring it back for your consideration or your discussion. I'm happy to go on about it, but I just wanted to share with you with the premise of it was at this time. I'm just curious who keeps architectural control. That would be for the developer still. So that particular provisions, not really unusual. If we look at other neighborhoods, regardless of when it's churned over, typically while there's still lots that are able to be sold, the developer still likes to have some level of interest or involvement to ensure that the architectural integrity is being put in a place. So that's what that's for. All right. Well, I guess if that doesn't sound like any other discussion or comment, okay. But then this item will leave it as is if there's not going to be a motion to accept or to consider the revision. All right. Moving on. Let's go to agenda item 8.1 for resolutions. Resolution 2024, 14. A resolution adopting the adjusted millage rates for the city of youngsoil for 2024. Is there a motion on the second? Okay. Motion by Ms. Champagne and a second by council member Romero. Is there any public comment? Any other discussion? Any question? Okay. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Creed. Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. I don't know what happened. Okay. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Ms. Vary. Yes. I'm going to abstain just because the other funds do go towards the partial of the heart of women. Okay. And Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. Okay. agenda 8.3 resolution 2024, 16. Resolution, excuse me, I think I stepped to skip to one. Resolution 2024, 15. Resolution is set fourth. The adjusted milled rates and roll forward to milled rates not exceeding the maximum authorized rates for the city of Youngsville for 2024. Is there a motion? Oh my God. All right. A motion by Mr. Romero and a second by Mrs. Creed. Mr. Romero, do you have a comment? Yes. I want to make it known that we don't take action on these. Then it can put us in a difficult situation obviously because they're on the book. So having a roll in forward is a need. I don't think that was mentioned earlier. Okay. This is Ms. Creed. Is that just a second or do you have any comment? Okay. Any council comment? Any other discussion from the council? Okay. Any public comment? Any public comment or public question relative to this resolution? Okay. Okay. There's no additional comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne? No. Ms. Bares? No. Mr. Volgiano? I'm saying. Ms. Romero? Yes. And Ms. Creed. Yes. Motion fails. How does it fail? Motion fails. How does it fail? It doesn't fail yet. I'm saying. We need for this requires a two thirds vote, which is for the House. Yes. Just for the, just for the council's knowledge, the property millage that was designated for fire protection and water works and everything was approved. I believe. I think we're four years, five years in. Four five years in. There was a massive misopportunity at the time because of the explosive growth that we had in our community that the millage was not increased then. So those apartments were lacked in funding from the get go five years ago. So roll not rolling them forward, not only hinder's growth, but it completely halts any growth for the foreseeable future, for as far as fire protection alone and then possibly water works because they're two different budgeted items. So just keep that in mind going forward because of the rest of those funds are going to come from the general fund. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. We'll move on to no, I'm sorry, Ms. Champagne. Just to address what Lindy said. As of right now, this millage with the additional millage would have brought in about $100,000 a year, I think. One six, six, six, six, six, all of them. The general fund already supplements fire in police and water to over a million point eight million dollars. So I don't see where this increase of a hundred thousand dollars that would have increased the taxes on the millages for our people that live here, that this city would not have, it would not continue our growth for the fire department, the police department, and our water and sewer to the tune of a hundred thousand dollars, a hundred thousand dollars. So increasing the millage on our residents, in my opinion, doesn't make any sense because we do have approximately two thousand new homes in the queue that are going to be built. So you've, this is way off-figured. And you see the, we have more homes that are being built. That means that our assessments went up. I think everyone in this room, everyone at home got an assessment from our assessor saying that our property assessments have gone up, which will still generate more revenue. So I voted no, and it's not because it's going to cause a hardship on the city, because I think a hundred and sixty thousand dollars, the city will continue to supplement to the tune of over a million dollars to our departments, because we have never not funded our police or our fire or our needs for water for the growth, because of the growth of the city. So in doing so, I think it's a right decision that we not increase our millages at this point. And the purpose of the Simone is that the, the monies would then be able to be reallocated from the general funds that you weren't using and absorbing so much out of that. And secondly, the monies that the police department gets is operating off the sales tax, which has grown exponentially over the last decade. And every time the sales tax has grown, the PD has absorbed all of it. So while they absorb all of the ones that sell tax on top of what they get out of the general fund, I'm not saying that no one is not deserving of that, but being while the fire department operates off of a property tax millage and then an allocation from the general fund. Being that that's the mass majority where the funds come from versus we can't absorb money off of a sales tax or anything else. And we can't levy on another millage as far as water sewer infrastructure. That's why I said that. $160,000 goes go far away. It does supply two full-time people within an agency and goes, goes quite a substantial way. But I think the goal of that was to levy the funds off of the general fund, being that we're considering so many matches to over a dozen projects across the city over the next five to ten years. So while I understand your vote of no, your lack of explanation on that is incorrect. And $160,000 is a substantial amount of money. Also when you build 2,000 new homes in the city, they're reassessed every four years. So the 2,000 homes that are built this year, you won't even see the funds from four years from out to five. So that's incorrect. You wouldn't even see those dollars for five years. And what happens today in five years from now are drastically different and a growth of a community. But I appreciate your explanation. And I'm going to disagree with you because the minute you buy a piece of property in Yumsville, you start paying property taxes. It's not the same as you build that one. And you build that one in a home and you build a home. You paid the same amount five years from now that you did when you bought it? Because I didn't. I didn't pay the same amount of property taxes that you had that I built it for five years later. Well, I think, and my vote is for the taxpayers of this city. I'm the one who's going to get it. And my commitment that I have always said I would not increase taxes on the citizens of our city. And I don't think $160,000 a year that the city is already supplementing ten times that amount and will continue to supplement with the growth of the city that we have. That it's an uncalled for increase on our citizens. And I do appreciate you, Lindy, saying that you work for the fire department. I wouldn't expect anything else. Mr. Romero. Mr. Romero. Yeah. I mean, I looked at this from a six to seven thousand homes in Youngsville, about $20 a year per home. Inflation is a reality. It is what we're dealing with, unfortunately. I am not for overtaxing or anything of that nature, but unfortunately we live in a place where taxes are required to pay for things. And if we continue to bleed the general fund for police and fire, at some point in time, something's going to have to give. I'm all for and I agree with some own. We have paid both departments what they needed, given them what they needed. That's kind of what, you know, we're voting on a millage, not really a dollar per say, but I don't know. That was just my two cents, unfortunately. These are typically always passed without any discussion. It's pretty cut and dry stuff, but tonight it wasn't. All right. Well, let's move on. Agenda item 9.1. No, excuse me, 8.3. Resolution 2024-16. A resolution authorizing the mayor to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement with the parish of Lafayette regarding funding from the state of Louisiana Governor's Office of Homeland Security. An emergency preparedness offset eligible costs incurred in connection with severe storms and tornadoes from May 20 through June 9th, subject to executive order JML 2472. Is there a motion? So moved. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Is there a second? Ms. Barris, seconds. Thank you, ma'am. Council, what this does, back in in May, as you know, we had some unnamed, an unnamed storm that produced significant amount of damage. Vincent Pierre is here, by the way, I wanted to acknowledge him from the mayor president's office as our liaison. Vincent, thanks for being here, sir. So this is an opportunity for us to get some of our expenses from that time. We did have, we did have a debris pick up over two weeks during this time period. So this gives us the opportunity to do the process of getting reimbursement on those expenses because of the efforts made at the parish level in conjunction with the state's declaration. So is there any comment or any public comment relative to this? Okay. If there's no comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barris? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yeah. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Michelle Feing? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Agenda item 9.1 is ordinance for introduction, 495, 2024. In ordinance of the city of Youngsoil, Louisiana, authorized in the city of Youngsoil to sell certain, movable surplus property located at 3014th Street, Youngsoil, Louisiana, which is not needed for public purposes. Is there a motion? Okay. Motion by Ms. Champagne, second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any council discussion or any public comment? If you follow along and realize we did introduce this previously, I decided to hold it because we were having a public hearing relative to downtown Youngsoil since this property was located in downtown Youngsoil. I realized, I mean, we missed the advertisement window to move it to final. So I'm bringing it back to you for introduction. I wanted to wait till after that public hearing took place. Okay. If there's no public comment, Ms. Giddard, please call the vote. Ms. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creep? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Barrett? Yes. Motion approved. Okay. Ordinance is for final adoption, 10.1. Ordinance 375.2, 2024. In ordinance amending. Ordinance number 375. 2014, regulating the permitting of golf carts and slow moving vehicles. There's a motion by Ms. Champagne. And a second by Mrs. Creed. Is there any council discussion? Okay. If there's no. Mayor Svile. If you don't mind, I'd like to offer an amendment to the ordinance that is put before the council. I'd just like to have a provision added that would read and would be coincide with the state statute, which requires that any golf court that is operated on a municipal street have the same liability insurance with the same minimum limits as required by the state statute, which is Title 32, 900 B. And this would make it identical to the state statute, which is cutified at revised statute, 32 colon 299.4. Okay. Thank you, sir. Nicole, I guess we should vote on the. We have discussion. You want to vote on the amendment first or. Okay. I need a motion and second on the amendment. Okay. Is there a motion and second on the amendment first? We'll do go that right. Okay. Motion by Mrs. Champagne. And a second by Ms. Barraz. Okay. Is there any discussion? We're just going to discuss the amendment first. Thought we had something in here about insurance and permanent fund it. Because don't you require it when don't goes out to do these meetings? Yes. Yes, insurance is. Yes, it is. So what? But this amendment makes our ordinance compatible with or read almost identical to the state statute. It doesn't create a conflict. So right now you're saying our insurance statement in here creates conflict? No, what I'm saying is I don't think your insurance statute reads the same as the state statute. So we just want to make them identical. Mary each other. Okay. So the amendment is really just a kind of like a house key item that we had. It's all we really had. We caught it sooner. We would have just included it in the introductory item. Okay. So okay, is there any other is there any discussion? This is just on the amendment which is clarifying the insurance language to bring that current. Okay. If there's no public comment. Ms. Gagery please call the vote on the amendment. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Okay. So we'll go back to the ordinance for final adoption now inclusive of the amendment that Mr. Trahan just presented. Is there any council discussion on it? Is there any public? Does any public comment? Yes, sir. Come on up, sir. Mr. Jackson. How are you? Good. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You know what's allowed with this now? happen here pretty soon is either a lot of people are going to go and get rid of their golf carts and buy low speed vehicles and then now they're going to be able to ride in the lane of traffic for areas that are 35 miles per hour under. One of the things that I was speaking with the mayor about is possibly creating crossing locations for golf carts. Crossing locations that are designated, you know, the crossover of these 35 or less mile-prayer highways. Just like if you put a crossing like you have right there, the sports complex with the flashing yellow lights. And that way you have people that have access to businesses and restaurants and sugar mill pond for all of the events that go on. We already have a parking issue in sugar mill pond for any of those events. Anyway, we have parking issues that the sports complex and a lot of events are going on. So, you know, it can be done safe, it can be done right. There's other communities that have done it grand out allows them to ride on the highway which I don't recommend that. Welsh allows them to cross highway 90 downtown and Welsh, which is a state highway. So here it's a little different. There's no state highway to cross. And so it's all municipality and city highways. And so it's not nothing that needs to be done today. I know this is the first step with the low speed vehicles, but I think moving in the right direction with the sense of community, a lot of people do have regular golf carts that don't have the fixed windshield and the windshield wipers. They have everything else, but they don't have the fixed windshield and windshield wipers. So just wanted to bring that up. I think it's kind of a twofold thing because I'm looking into it myself. You know, it's one of those things where I got to make a decision because we love being on the golf cart. We love taking it to places, but now I can't cross over highway 92 in front of my subdivision. That's not just us. We have 187 homes in there. And we also have another 177 homes that are in Laurel Grove. And those people are coming into our neighborhood too and are looking for that place to cross to be able to go to Rouses, Smoothie King, Sugar Mill Pond events. And hopefully in the future, the better go to sports complex. It relieves a little bit of parking. I understand their safety concerns with that. But I just wanted to speak on that and I appreciate your time. Well, thanks, David. Actually coincidentally, he came and talked to me after this was introduced. Had no idea. No idea. No idea was introduced. But when he started, I don't even know if I knew why you were coming, but as he started talking, I had. He threw me this paper here and said, you know, I've already talked about it on the eighth. I'm like, wow, that's amazing. So, you know, but just wanted to see if it'd be possible in the future to take it to the next level where we're not ending up with, you know, we have, I don't know how many golf carts we have registered in Young'sville, but I know in our neighborhood, there's probably at least 50 to 60. So now all of a sudden, those become low speed vehicles and now they're riding in the lane of traffic when really all they want to do is cross. Yeah. So appreciate your time. Appreciate it. Thanks, David. Thank you. I mean, just, I don't know if you'll need to, is there any other public comment I guess I should ask for? Okay. Mr. Marra. David, I appreciate you getting up. I did not ask him to come talk, by the way. You're speaking my language. I've been talking about this for probably six months or so. It's right now. It's essentially baby steps. We've removed the slow moving vehicles. Now the problem with the crosswalk, which was something I brought up our CAO and even our city engineer, there's state laws that require where it's at. So there's no true area either on 92 or even on shim and metery where it can go to cross that that's one of the problems we're seeing. I do think we're going to see an uptick in slow moving vehicles over the next year, which I by the way, it's going to be put out there. That's okay. Hopefully again, from the safety standpoint, that be okay. And maybe we'll be revisiting this in another six months to years as well. Because I agree with you. There are people off the St. Belays that are crossing shim and metery to Ernest Gullets drive through going into Laurel Grove even and coming up to Yale's neighborhood. I know a lot of them. So I get it. And it's only going to increase as we expand the roads too. Yeah. So just for the, I guess the public's knowledge, if you haven't been following this particular issue, this ordinance has been in place now for 10 years. With this amendment to the ordinance is set to do should it pass this evening. The ordinance from 10 years ago really manages slow moving vehicles and golf carts together as one. So what this does is it's basically removing the youngs will regulation if you will on slow moving vehicles. And it's just a faulty to state law on those type of vehicles. So you know, if you have a slow moving vehicle and are following those components of state law, then this would negate the need for you to get it inspected by the city of Youngsoal. We've had one revision on this ordinance earlier. Maybe it was this year or last year and that was just the frequency of inspection. It was an annual inspection now. It's every two year inspection. So there's been a step in the past, of the 10 year ordinance to basically make it easier. The registration process is online. So we've had a slow moving vehicle. This deregulates it as far as youngs was concerned. It just really puts, I mean, your applicable laws just subject to whatever the state law is. For golf carts, there's really zero change the way it's written today if you have a golf cart. Well, except if this insurance provision, which is just putting it in tangent with the state, I do agree it's something that comes up, you know, often. I mean, if that's something that the council wants to consider in the future, I mean, I would suggest maybe we just take a, you know, kind of a comprehensive look at by where you would want to see those. Because while we're thinking about like field crest, you know, bisonic and, you know, the other one I hear is, oceans like from Sugarmote pond to the sports complex across Savoy. You know, I mean, there's probably other areas in the community that that may be applicable. And I've also asked Mr. Tron to just look to remind, refresh himself, or not refresh himself, to educate himself, I guess on, you know, should that be the desire of the council at a future meeting, you know, are you in conflict what would be required in things of that nature? Because I tend to remember that when we did it in the past, there was something that was regular, like the state's provision was, you can only have those, you know, state, you can only have a local rule related to golf carts if it's not in conflict with it. I struggle to find it now. So that's why I asked, you know, way to just review it on our behalf to let you know what could you do if you wanted to do it. So but I do agree this is a good step. I mean, as we're getting more golf carts, I don't think you need somebody from our office to be inspecting your slow-moving vehicles. So it's a deregulatory step to where we can just put the focus on golf carts. So is there any question or any public comment? Okay. So there's a motion on the floor for the original proposal. If you agree with the amendment, which is accepted as amended, or someone can make a substitute motion to accept it as, if they're not in agreement with it. All right. So what Nicole saying we already had a motion in second, if you agree with the, if you agree with it as amended, then we would, then she would stick with your motion in second. So if there's no conflict, I think it was miss Shampon and Miss Creed. Yeah, we, so this is a, but they, they had offered an amendment before, I'm sorry, they had offered a motion in a second before the amendment was brought up. So okay, if no other public comment, all right, Ms. Gidjury, please call the vote. Miss Creed? Yes. Miss Shampon? Yes. Ms. Boris? Yes. Ms. DeVogiano? Yes. Ms. Dormero? Yes. Motion approved? All right. Thank you. And thank you for the feedback on it. I think it is a good step in the right direction. And we can continue looking at it as the public sees fit. All right. I didn't mention at the beginning of the meeting, but I did say it in the introductory ordinances that 10.2 were really removing that from the agenda from final adoption because we reintroduced it tonight. That's relative to the surplus of property on 4th Street. So we're going to, we're going to remove this one from the agenda and we'll bring back the ordinance that you introduce tonight. Can we get a motion to reach in? I recommend rescinding it. Do we have a motion to motion to rescind? All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero and Ms. Boris. Seconds. All right. So we'll vote on the vote on the removal of public comment, any public comment relative to this vote. All right. Ms. Gigeri. Ms. Crete? Yes. Ms. Shampine? Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Ms. Dormero? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thanks, Council. We'll bring back the introductory one in October for your final adoption. 10.3 is ordinance 494-2024 ordinance of the city of Youngsoe, Louisiana. I'm in the chapter 24 utility section 24-110 building sewers and connections relative to sewer specifications. You recall Susan told you about this at the last meeting. This is basically just modifying the the tracer wire component on new development and using the latest technologies that available. Amanda's here. So if you have any questions, Amanda is one of our public works supervisors that can tell you all about it. It was actually her idea. Was it an Amanda? Yeah. So wealth and knowledge right there in the audience for you. So I was sorry, was there a motion and a second please? All right. Motion by Ms. Shampine. Second by Mr. Romero. Is there any public comment or any council comment? Do you have any comment, Amanda? Yes. Thank you. Thank you very much. And anything we can do to help make the line locating process easier for us in the future. So is there any other public comment? All right. No public comment. No additional public comment. Ms. Giger, please call the vote. Ms. Shampine. Yes. Ms. Barrett. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Cree. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thanks Nicole. Let's see for a hold my announcement staff to staff after the staff announcements. Let's see. You want to Pam? You want to do Pam Tim and then Susan? Sure. Okay. Good. Susan gets to go after Tim. So I'm sure you guys have really noticed a lot of the action around the fortune road, roundabout and extension. We're about 95% complete on the drainage. We're going to start working. The drainage around there. We had done a lot of stuff we still had to do right at the roundabout. The next week or so we'll start working on the base for the roadway extension, getting the sole submit ready for that base work. And after that you'll see asphalt and you'll start seeing concrete with the roundabout. So it's going to start looking like a roundabout. I think there's some people who I was recently asked, as reason is yesterday, if that was going to be a signalized intersection. So I think when people start seeing the roundabout coming to fruition, they'll recognize it. Highway 89, we're working on the east side of drainage. So they'll be on the east side for a while, probably three to six months working on the drainage on that side. 2024 roadway improvements. With Filesco Crossed, we've paved it. We're still working on the roadside drainage. And then we'll do some striping to get that open before we attempt to do the patching at the highway 89 and Shimem, Metery Parkway, roundabout, track to roundabout. We are targeting for the October 14th to 16th time frame, which is when kids are out of school to try to do the work that as much of that work as we can. So let's keep our fingers crossed, whether permitting so that it doesn't, we don't affect school traffic as much. And then after that, they will be working towards NESPK. La Rivier Road, we submitted final plans to DOTD on August 12th. From our perspective, we're just waiting on a couple of utility companies to send us letters clearing utilities. Sure, the hurricane's going to delay those letters, but we'll keep going. I know the strike with AT&T is delayed their letter. I don't even know there was a strike. Geotech for Highway 92, the inshamed Agriab 92 at Prescott. We're still waiting on the reports from the Geotech so that we can complete our typical sections with those, but we are a 45% complete on the lay, the overall layout and roundabout design for Prescott and 92. We're going to meet next week with DOTD. I have another, have two meetings scheduled with them. So I want to meet next week and talk about the patch and overlay now that we're through with La Rivier. Just start talking about that, which is your right-sizing funds. Then we have been looking at some modifications for the tractor roundabout Schmammett Metri. People have probably seen us. We've been out there looking at school traffic and trying to see what we can do to improve some of our congested areas. And so we're working with the mayor on some of the things that we're finding that we could do, whether it be some left turn lanes, some in certain areas. So we've been closely working on those items and then it won't be long. We'll be working with Nicole and the mayor on the capital outlay to make sure that Highway 89 continues to get funding as well and also our other projects that we have. Excuse me. I just want to emphasize a couple things that you said. One is relative to the tractor roundabout. I mean, as you know in the 2024 project, that's the full depth patching and resurfacing of that roundabout in its current geometry. It's just to address the base failures that are there. That's why Pam said that that's tentatively scheduled for October 14th to 16th. We had planned that. Once ago to coincide with fall break, the reason why that's important is because that intersection will need to be temporarily closed while we do that. So we're trying to pick an optimal time to rebuild that roundabout with perfect weather. It shouldn't take longer. Hopefully then the weekend plus the days that the days that schools out on break, Velasco Crossing, will be open at that time. The overlay that Pam's mentioned using the right size credits is going to be using our credits from right sizing Highway 89 to do a patch mill and overlay of Highway 92, which is a barriers street from the clock roundabout to Bonan and then the curve around Bonan becomes e-smilting all the way to Veroth. So we have about $3 million in DOTD credits and roughly it's about $1 million for a mile of a patch mill and overlay today's pricing. So it's going to hopefully fit perfectly. We think that we've now been around the entire city with DOTD at least twice and then once backwards to try to figure out where we can redeem these credits and we feel like that's probably a good spot to use them because eventually that road is going to need a resurfacing work. Someone's asked me recently about the track around about it while it is true. We did design that intersection with a double lane roundabout that was really part of our buildout plan from our transportation plan of 2024. That project was not funded adequately from the state on capital outlay. So our goal there now is to get there's two complaints about that intersection. One is the condition of it currently which I don't think anybody would disagree with that. We agree with it. Back in 2015 or 2016 when Shimmetri Parkway was rebuilt it excluded that intersection. So we knew that there would be a time that it would fail. Shimmetri Parkway from Giyad to Highway 90 was built in concrete. That was a different time period, a different typical section. So we've reached the useful life of that intersection as is which is why we're going to be doing the full depth patching correct in the base condition that we've known has existed for the last couple of years. So the first first opportunity there is the condition of it. Second opportunity is the traffic that's coming south south to north into the intersection primarily during school traffic. As you all know I mean it's no secret a lot of us do the same things bring our kids and go to work at the same time every morning. So that intersection if you're coming from sugar ridge or south of sugar ridge it does back up. So while we're waiting on that funding to take place to build out what we've designed we're looking at interim solutions because there are interim things that could really solve the problem. I mean one one I mean what's going to say I mean what we're looking at is potentially if it fits right is to do a signal signalized leg of it potentially from Shenan-Metery going east to where if you're approaching Shenan-Metery basically pausing that traffic to allow Gia to flush through it more in the morning. In the morning during peak times to allow people there's not enough time the traffic's flowing too fast from west to east they're entering the round about at a very high speed and it does give those folks that are moving traveling north time to enter into the round about to keep them from backing up. So we would pause them I'm sure you've seen those where you can enter into an interstate there's a light there it pauses you says if you know stop here allows traffic to go in and then let's you in after that so we are currently looking at that. Yeah really peak times. I think that's it that's all I wanted to mention was this the upcoming because I will be impacting traffic potentially if the weather permits us to do at October 14th to 16th but we'll of course communicate that and try to do it with the most minimal inconvenience as possible. So any any questions or clarifications about Pam's report all right Tim please. For our sports programs Sugar Beach volleyball we're attempting to finish the Thursday night and then we'll start the fall league towards the end of this month we've had about 145 teams registered for the fall league our girls in Derivoli ball started and we're playing games until the end of the season tournament on the weekends of October 4th and 11th and they play every Saturday and Sunday right now. Southside and crew rush soccer has started practices and they will start games this weekend. F&A football has started and their games will be on Monday and Friday starting tomorrow night. Deltz-Upall League has started on August 12th they play on Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday nights. Bitty basketball also has started and opened up registration for Bitty basketball. All the tennis program and continues in the third collegiate sugar cane classic collegiate tennis tournament will be held starting tomorrow Saturday and Sunday and that'll be the each day will start at 930 in the morning on it's you men's tennis they're going to be hosting two lane sudden mists and Tyler junior college. Our recreation center continues with pickleball council and agent and free play and under special events we've seen outside the date with more details to come soon for our grand open of the new expansion and that'll occur on Sunday October 6th and it'll be in conjunction with the rotary patch deported. Thank you Tim. You have everybody saved the day at October 6th that that Sunday morning the rotary patch is a well not to steal misscrete standard but it's a wonderful event that we're that we're looking forward to having our first official event there although there we are next week and still have an tournament a baseball tournament it'll be the twenty the twenty first and twenty seconds so next week so there will be first baseball tournament is going to take place at the expansion a week next weekend so all right any questions for Tim all right Susan so you've probably seen the construction at the water plant on our various street nearby part Purdue is already underway they started with the ground storage tank that's probably going to take about a month month and a half so that's started and I think they're making good progress right now we're going through a lot of semiddles submitting all their materials so with that going on pump station four is going to happen at the same site unfortunately they can't start that until the ground storage tank is completed because it's kind of in the way so we're going to have to put that off for a little while and then of course from station three we just bid and wastewater plant we are going to start advertising September 20th for that for those bids so you know crossing our fingers that we have good participation and and we're working on the sugar mill pond upgrade finishing up the survey and then we'll start laying out and figuring out what servitudes we need if any and that's it well four I'm thinking you're gonna have four bids for the sewer plant hope so yeah the other project that doming savo's handling one of one of Susan's colleagues is the fortune road overlay project that's from bone-and to basically probably just shy of young so highway that's a milling overlay on that road that's still scheduled to be let out I think in October in a couple weeks it's DOTDs I mean we're doing the cost share 20% of that job but it is that's a grant that we applied for years ago and it's now happening so all right any questions for Susan all right thank you appreciate it chief I just want to say first of all prayers for anybody who was affected by the current hurricane that is on the east side of us but also in you know my 22 years and all for some work several several hurricanes coordinated several hurricanes this is the first time in my current position that I've worked with the team with the city and I want to give kudos to the mayor's office to Terry the forethought the forward thinking to have everything in place you know a lot of citizens don't see the back end work the things that are put in place signage things that are ready in case that hurricane gets as bad as that has gotten for other people but I'm here to tell you from my perspective working with this team and the things that they did it is barren on some of the best I've seen that they're here for our citizens they're here for our city you know as law enforcement we just plan ahead our manpower make sure we have people on the road make sure we're here to work and help our citizens in the time of crisis but from a city perspective they do so many things on the front end that is actual work in and getting these things together to make our job easier and to make our job easier after the storms pass so thank you guys for all that and y'all did a fantastic job thank you chief appreciate it oh last thing uh national night out is on its way too sorry I got caught up in the hurricane this week that that's all I've been focused on um national night out is coming uh basically bring bring your family bring your children we're gonna have a lot of events a lot of vendors a lot of local business owners um are gonna be out there excuse me um games fun for children fun for the whole family we're gonna have typically I don't think we've solidified it yet but um Katie nameless usually brings their helicopter we have swat out there uh from life here sheriff's office that always helps us out we're gonna have all of our units our motorcycles um it is gonna be a sugar melt pond that evening uh watch our facebook page we're gonna be promoting it a little more but we're looking forward to seeing everybody out there it's always a great event we enjoy our citizens coming out and enjoying it with us thank you sir appreciate it Terry anything like to end okay uh just a couple of announcements and then I invite the council to to buzz in if you have any announcements or any other staff members I'll come to you want to go ahead to him no please have y'all met hailey just want to remind everybody that each sweet restaurant week is still going on you have until sunday to go and try out some of our local restaurants um if you haven't already started it may be hard to get 12 stamps for the grand prize drawing um which is the four hundred dollar gift card to mr. lester's stay house with the complimentary night's day at Cypress by you casino hotel um but you definitely have time to get six um I got two today uh real easy um so you can stop time for the six stamps is the prize drawing for the gift cards for the local restaurants uh so we do have packages we'll probably do four or five drawings uh for about a hundred dollars worth of local gift cards so please get out there show your support at the local restaurants if you don't have a passport um and you want one and you're here tonight let me know I can grab some for you at the desk um but if not you can pick them up at any of the participating restaurants uh or come back here to city hall during uh normal hours and pick them up thank you hailey and thank you sincerely for for spearheading this program heard good feedback about it and uh appreciate you uh jumping in and making it your own so look forward to having it again in the future uh just a couple things briefly and then i'll yield to the council members uh first i just want to give an update on another road project um you know i talked about the guillibus shimmettory roundabout i think i may have shared with you before that the east milton project unfortunately was not selected this time for the grant funding that we were pursuing that was to increase the capacity on the east milton veterans roundabout uh but Pam and i and uh i don't remember who else but oh Nicole did a debriefing with the grant team learn some learn some best practices that there would strengthen our application on that so uh Pam's team is making the modifications we look for to resummit in that project uh the good news is that was really a design while the designs complete same as guillibus shimmettory that's really looking at our 2022 transportation plan for like our buildout population growth similar to guillibus and east milton uh sorry similar to guillibus and shimmettory we do think that there's potentially some interim improvements that we'll be able to do on that east milton corridor uh turning lanes as an example at least probably one ideally two will really help you know move traffic you know along their a little bit better until we get the entire project uh we until we can get the entire project awarded so we're going to continue to work on the big project and do some uh move towards doing some interim solutions in the meantime uh but on a positive note we did get uh we did get awarded for another one that we've been years in the making and that was at the four-way stop sign at south of Riviera and us north in south of Riviera and uh 92 uh Matt said it best to me earlier this week i mean that was something that we did years ago i mean that used to be a very dangerous intersection uh it's a DOTD intersection it's not owned by the city of youngsville and it's even more complicated because it one of the quadrances the city limits are brusard uh but we tackled it with grand applications years ago uh DOTD decided to make it a safer intersection by doing the flashing light which actually it it it did help but this week right about five o'clock or maybe it was last week i'm kind of confused on the days right now but uh i was probably 20 cars deep at that intersection so um we didn't lose sight of just still trying to do an improvement there we applied for a grant i think in may and we were just selected so very excited about that um and what's really exciting about it is that it was a it was a grant application that's being paid for by the a private developer the BO group that owns the large empty track of property uh on that intersection so we were the lead applicant because we control well we don't control the intersection but our city limits kind of control the i guess geometry of it uh but it was cooperative with the city of brusard and the BO group so i want to publicly thank them uh the timing on that design is going to work uh he's going to coincide with the construction of Pam's project that she was talking about earlier so we really do what we have a myriad of things in design we really do try to put thought into not having too much under construction at one time this one will really just work out where construction on the river air south the river will be next cat next year 2025 into probably 2026 and then this is going to follow up at the conclusion of that so uh just wanted to point that out i want to echo what the chief said and just compliment our our our team and our staff every time we have the opportunity to to do um i don't want to call it a drill because i mean you guys focus on three six i call a drainage 365 but i continue to be impressed by the leadership terrier that you've assembled in your department but not just there across the entire uh city i mean tems team was already taken down the the win win sales you know as soon as they got put up and uh chief uh uh same and uh chief revet as well was here within minutes of us calling a meeting so i do appreciate it all uh you know it's uh it's just a matter of time before we get affected more strongly you don't realize how close we are to vermilion bay you just got to look at a map and realize that it's just a matter of time for us but um i'm very impressed that at what not me but the team was able to put together in the invisible handle i'd like to say is churning the page so it doesn't have to be me sitting out there uh you know i watched terrier lead some meetings and i was impressed so thank you into Nicole for putting in the extra work and while vincencier i want to compliment his boss because it was uh had an opportunity to sit in the emergency operations center with now my third mayor president and uh it was different but it was different with the last one and it was different with the one before him too uh but uh i was i was overall impressed at uh mayor president bullay's administration she genuinely cared about the community and you know she had a shelter open and all these different things and whether we agree with it or not about doing it uh what i saw there was somebody who was compassionate and somebody who cared and was really generally concerned about the well-being of the entire parish uh so that was that was nice to sit witness to her leadership there as well so that's all i have so thank y'all for the opportunity to allow me to serve as your mayor anything up 5.76 percent so we're trending and i think that your eat suite is also going to you know drive that continually so last year on this time uh you know we were we were starting to see that decrease so um hopeful and you know that you're gonna have to continue to see that increase that's right good good good report thank you Catherine two months in uh just shy six percent up as you know the council we budgeted uh to have a flat sales tax increase so that's definitely encouraging uh the month this most recent month i think was up seven percent year over year and that same month last year was a decline so that was encouraging to see so thank you Catherine anything else anything from the council chief did you have anything else or did i just okay perfect miscreed um just to continue on about patch at the park it is gonna be at the amphitheater and where we will have live music it's an all day event from 10 to 6 and it's family friendly so please come out and hear some live music and enjoy the day with us with rotary club um of youngs way you can find more on our facebook page yeah one one thing that's really well there's a lot of things that's great about it but what's really inspiring me is to see our community civic groups really taking so much initiative and lead i'm looking at Shannon because she was president of the Lions Club for years uh so whether it's rotary whether it's the Lions Club that morning in in October if you'll join us you'll see what the donation of the of the Lions Club has contributed which is such a major asset as part of the entire expansion area so to see uh to see the rotary the Lions Club and i really see that's going to be the future of a lot of what the community events at the amphitheater are going to be i look forward to hopefully having we've been doing a lot of brainstorming about it if you have any ideas please bring it to us we want to do you know of course community events we look forward to having some hopefully you know just a variety of things there but to kick it off with a with a community event like that i think is great so um miss jumpine yes thank you mayor i just wanted to remind everyone that on september 25th there's going to be a city council for all of our candidates to come in for the public to be able to come in and meet with them i see we have one of our council candidates here with us today and we have our chief of police candidates with us today so i look forward to seeing all of y'all in september 25th for the council and october second is the chief of police meet and greet it will be here at city hall i look forward to seeing all of you thank you ma'am and i guess finally how many times i'm going to say finally but this afternoon we i was so sad to hear that we lost a somebody who i think has been a pillar in the building community mr. Greg manual if you haven't heard he unfortunately was he passed away in a plane crash at taking off of lafayette airport earlier today and he has just a leader in the home building industry uh his companies has home sites that they're actively building today uh very close to here actually sugarmopon phase 20 if you take a left out on iberia street uh his group is building the phase that's to the left so just keep him and his family in your prayers if you will so all right if any other business all right if there's no other business is there a motion to a adjourn motion all right a motion by mr. Romero and miss baris has a second all in favor please say i hi i'm meeting a adjourn y'all have a great evening thank you so much good night