 you great to listen to special political action. All right. All right. All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to today's Thursday, March 14, 2024. We welcome you to the Youngsville Municipal Complex. Tonight is the regular schedule meeting of the Youngsville City Council. This evening, I'd like to ask for Pastor Andy Tri from Youngsville Community Church to please lead us in the invocation. Hello, Pastor. Welcome, sir. And then if you remain standing, our pledge this evening is going to be led by Councilwoman Shannon Barras. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, what a wonderful thing it is to come to a City Council meeting and be free to pray, Father. We thank you for the mayor and the opportunity to do this, Father, and the Council members today, Father. God, we pray for protection of our civil servants, police, and fire today, God, and others serving in this community, Father. It's an awesome thing to be part of a growing and thriving community for those in the faith fathers that have so many healthy churches in this community, God. Just lead, God, and direct this Council tonight, Father. I just pray that each one seek your will and the decisions they'll make tonight, Father. We lift this whole city up to you. We pray this in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. I pledge to apply the United States to the Republic for which it stands. One nation under God, given individual with liberty and justice for all. Thank you again, Pastor. Miss, Miss Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barras, here. Mr. Bojiano, Mr. Emerald, here. Ms. Creed, here. Ms. Champagne, here. All right. Thank you, Nicole. Thank you, Senator. Council, there are a couple of adjustments to the agenda tonight. There are several items that are being tabled, starting with the gen item 3.1, the presentation of the 2024 Young's Old Martigra Awards. We are tabling that presentation and recognition to the April meeting. That meeting will be held the second Thursday in April at the same time. And as promised, during the Martigra round discussions, we are going to be facilitating a public hearing at that same council meeting for any feedback relative to the 2024 Martigra round or any feedback that the administration and council should take into consideration for Martigra 2025 and beyond. Also, being tabled this evening is a gen item 7.2, a clear morally requesting a variance that's being requested to be moved to April at the request request, I guess. I don't know if that sounds right. And then, I think I just have those two modifications this evening. Mayor, welcome. I think I'm going to make a motion to expand the agenda for item 7.8 for Dan Hartz, request a variance to allow a reduction in the garage setback from 25 foot to 20 foot for a lot of 36 of sable south subdivision. Okay, we have a motion to amend the agenda and a second by council member Romero. The expansion must be voted on by the members of the city council prior to the expansion of the agenda. The purpose of this expansion is for a setback reduction so that the homeowner can proceed with his construction plans. We have another variance for that same neighborhood on the agenda this evening. So a mischievous please call the vote for the expansion. Thank you. Thank you. Council will add that to other business as well. So all right, to begin the meeting, we'll go ahead and advance to agenda item 3.2 chief Louvierre is recognizing youngs will police officers this evening. So chief, I'll turn the floor over to you, sir. Coming into this department, August, I had two main focuses. I was the one with the strength and not leadership and the other was not only staff or department, but the staff are with quality candidates. Anybody can hire people. But to get quality people that share the same values as your leadership is a difficult thing these days. That being said, I started with the department that was five short. Anybody who's ever worked in law enforcement or first responder. Department knows that that's tough. It's tough to be that short on patrol on the streets and dealing with the things we deal with. We were down to two shortages now with pending applications. We're doing well. We've hired three quality with that being said. I wanted to recognize some of the current quality employees that we already had that have just been doing great things for our community. The first letter of accommodation after night is for Sergeant Louis Landry and officer J. Who's unable to be with us tonight. On January 2nd, 2024, the youngs will police department responded to a report of a burglary at the red dot storage facility on youngs will highway. The officer found that numerous storage units had been burglarized with several items stolen within less than 40 hours. Sergeant Louis Landry and detective J. Who saw the way of to locate evidence and develop four suspects for the burglaries soon after two of the suspects were located and arrested on several counts of simple burglary. The other two suspects were listed and arrested once placed for their arrest. It's these detectives swift work and keen attention to detail that afforded them rap results in this case. The Oswald police department is proud to have employees of this caliber working in our city and assisting our residents. Our city safety and that of our citizens is always paramount in the forefront of our mission. Sergeant Landry, you mind giving up? Congratulations, Sergeant and Chief, thank you for the updates, sir. Right, a gin item 3.3. We do have an- Oh, I'm sorry. Yes. Please go right ahead. Officer Hardy can't be with us tonight. You're just getting on conflicts, but I'm going to read this one too. For those of you that know, Officer Joseph Hardy is a school resource officer. Youngs will middle school. I read this one out real quick. During my short 10 year as police chief, I have been approached by several citizens and listened to the praises of Officer Joseph Hardy, who's currently assigned as a school resource officer at Youngs will middle school. They have been no less than 10 parents and family members who have spoken on the impact he's had on these children. Here is just one of the letters I've recently received from one of our citizens. I'm ready to let you know how thankful my family and I are to have Officer Hardy as our school resource officer. He's a huge asset not only for Youngs will middle school but our community as well. Our world has come too often to dislike and distrust police. Officer Hardy has known these kids and he's not only. Excuse me. Worth of their trust, but a protector as well. Our daughter unsolicited told us how he is very kind and cool. We asked if she'd feel safe going to him in emergency and it was resounding yes. I hope you can let Officer Hardy know how blessed we feel to have met our school. If all police officers were as incredible and professional as he is, our society would be much better for it. Today I want to recognize also Hardy for his hard work carrying attitude towards his children. I think we can all agree that in the world in this world we hold important to is our children about for our greatest asset. And I for one and thankful that they are involved in our environment where we have officers such as Hardy making a positive impact on their lives daily. Thank you, ma'am. It's outstanding. I was at Ernest Skellett recently and got to see. I'm sorry, young school middle and saw Officer Hardy there in action. So thank you for sharing the great things happening in the department. All right. Janine, 3.3. We do have an election coming up and early voting underway. So Todd East is here to announce his candidacy for the Republican State Central Committee member district 23F. And then also the RPEC Republican Parish Executive Committee member district three. So Mr. East, welcome. Thank you. And thank you for let me speak today. My name is Todd East. I'm married to Annie. We're a long time residents of Young'sville, like my parents were. We're both conservative Republicans. I'm running for RPEC District three. I'm also running for Republican State Central Committee District 23F. I'm a registered degree in math and business. I also have courses in constitutional law. My mind was in theology. Leadership and services always been in my family. When I was a young man, I traveled throughout the world working for international charities. Like USA aid. I also worked in Lafayette and Kate Annaparish in Young'sville for charities. And I also worked for Salvation Army, Affairs Proud and Local Charities. I have always and will always support conservative Republicans. And I have always and will always support Young'sville. Young'sville has been in my heart. It's been my parents heart for many, many years. And I want to ask you for your vote. Please for your vote March 23rd. Thank you. Thank you, Todd. Best of luck to you. Thank you. And early voting, I think, is through Saturday, right? Yeah. Saturday. Okay. All right. Well, thank you very much. All right, agenda item 4.1 is approval of the February 8th, 2024, regular meeting minutes. Motion by Ms. Barras. Seconded by Council Member Bull Giano. Are there any comments or questions from members of the Council? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment, misgidory. Please open the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thanks, Nicole. 5.1 approval of the January 2024 Finance Report. Motion by Mr. Romero. Seconded by Ms. Creed. Council, any comments or questions? Is there any public comment or question? Okay. Hearing none, misgidory, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, misgidory. Preliminary plates, prior to this meeting at 5.45, we heard the proposed subdivision of about six and a half acres on Stim and Meta Parkway near Ascension. High to be subdivided into four smaller tracks. We took public comment at that time, so it's now a four council consideration for the subdivision. It seems to me. I'd like to make a motion to approve preliminary plat for Paradise Plaza located in section 12 with the amendments to this for a right in, right out drive, minimum of 75 feet from the current Ascension High School entrance, as well as a letter dedication servitude for private. With individual detention for each lot with cross grain of jesus met dedicated to the Western health fall for the property. Good pan. All right. Motion by Council member Romero. And a second by Mr. Volgiano. Are there any comments from the council? All right. No comments from the council. Misgidory, please call the vote. Are Miss champagne? I'm sorry to have a question, man. No, okay. Thank you. Misgidory. All right. Thank you. And, and Jimmy, thank you. And please tell your client. Thank you as well. We know we have one restaurant, your mark for the site. So we're excited to see them get underway and get the other pieces of parcel in the commerce. So thank you, sir. All right. Other business 7.1 is appointment to the young soul of municipal police civil service board representing the governing authority seat for three year term. There was advertisements from the clerk's office and for consideration this evening before the council is there's two finalists. Mr. Jacob held and also Mr. Alfae is rain guy. And it's up for the council action this evening. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. If, if, if Mr. rain guy, would you mind coming in? And then we'll give Mr. hell the same opportunity. Maybe just to say hello. So. I'm going to say a memo for the council. My name is Alfae's rain guy. I saw this post came in and a lot of people asked me to say, hey, you think that's, that's something that you want to do. So, you know, I moved to youngsville in 2011. I came in. I was working on sure I came in from Alaska. There was a place for rent. My wife didn't tell me where it was. I was coming from New Orleans airport. I got the red I fled out of Alaska. So I woke up. I saw a house in youngsville on the ASCII drive. I said, okay, we'll take it. You know, sometimes you have to go by faith and not by thinking too much. Best decision ever. Yes. So I've been, I've had a lot of opportunities to move to Houston in different places. But my heart is in youngsville. My kids were born here. So we ran through a lot of 40 in youngsville. And it's been better since then, you know. Be aware of what you pray for. You know, in 2016, I was praying to remodel my home in a flood game. So, you know, just prepare for the men I beat over there. I wanted it. But it made it stronger. I'm able to stronger our community stronger. A lot of good development has happened. I've had to talk with the mayor by floods and, you know, I haven't had any water since. I've been here since I was a child. My kids have a little stress on when it rains. But other than that, the water comes up and it goes down. So that's a good thing, you know. But I'm here to, you know, I do. Like you support in that. A little story about why I went to the civil board. My dad passed away in January this year. And many years ago, my dad planted churches. And we went to Illinois to plant a church. And my dad, he had bought a piece of property. And one of his friends, one of the former, we broke the house down and the cup came and rested him. Even though it wasn't him. And his friend said, no, no, it's not him. But long story short, that cup had a lot of issues. And they tried and they failed. And you know, the city come to find out my dad, the former, he became a member of the city council. He was the mayor, he was a treasureer. He became a councilman and just by the support that he had, he was able to take the issue that was affecting the community. A lot of people didn't want to do it. So I have a little soft spot in my heart to serve. I do a lot of serving the community in terms of church. I run, actually I got a Bible study going on my house tonight. I told my freedom brothers, I will be at the city hall. That's their prayer for me and prayer for the council and prayer for the city. So I do appreciate your consideration. And I hope I can serve this community as well as you have served us. Thank you. Thank you so much. Mr. Hell. Good evening to you all. Good seeing you. Thank you for having me here. Just a little bit about me. I've lived here almost 26 years. I've come here for families to live here that I've married into this year's mall for their whole life. I've been part of the parish council. It's a St. Anne's under Father Vue under and served under Father Mouton. I also served as a capital campaign committee that they have. I went off the church. So it's been a pleasure doing that part. I've had the opportunity to be on the Lions Club for almost two years. And it was a joy of that civil part of being in Young'sville. So just an opportunity to be here. I've had a lot of diversity ethics training and just to my leadership at my job. And I'm just looking forward to give back to my community and be part of it because it is a great, great city. And I'm just thinking of the opportunity. So thank you. Mr. Health, thank you for all the work with for everything, but for the work with the church. Because I think anybody that's been part of that capital campaign deserves a pat on the back is. Congratulations. That's great. Mr. Romero. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you both for putting your name up. Mr. Health was someone who I'd encourage to put his name up for this. So I'm going to make a motion to appoint Mr. Jacob L to the Young'sville Municipal Police Civil Service Board. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Miss Boris set up second. Okay. So we have a motion and a second for Mr. Helder. Thank you. Thank you. Any other nominations? Okay. Miss Gidry, please vote on the nomination of Mr. Helder to fill the vacancy on the civil service board. All in favor. Congratulations, Mr. Helder. Congratulations. And Mr. Ring, I know this won't be the last time we see you continue to stay active in the community. And we sincerely appreciate you putting yourself up to serve. And certainly other opportunities will present themselves. And if it's okay with you, we'll keep your name top of mind for other opportunities on committees as they come available. So thank you so much, sir. All right. And Jim, item 7.3, Mr. Wayne Brusard, is requesting a rear setback variance to encroach the 10-foot setback easement, and the outline in section 105-33 for an accessory building located at 113 Philcress Parkway. Let's see. I know Mr. Brusard is here. Yes, sir. Mr. Brusard. Council, what's your pleasure? I'm happy to handle it as a however you see fit. So, Mr. Mayor. Mayor, I know. I don't know about the other three council members. That myself and Miss Creed did go out and visit it with Mr. Brusard the other night. From my understanding on what I bring back what I found out was essentially ask contractor whose license everything rated on Angus list very high to come out. Contractors said, I'll go ahead and put the permanent for you. Mr. Wayne came home from work for some reason. I guess he had a good feeling. It sounds like a spiritual moment that he should have been home in a concrete port and curing already. Sounds like from what Garrett said in the permitting department. It's a two-foot variance that we're asking for on the setback. If you don't know where this property is, it is on the side of Ernest Gallette. I think we can't develop anything in that property after the drive when you look at Ernest Gallette. It's an older neighborhood too. You have a lot of homes that have a lot of concrete in the backyard as well. The good thing is I will say this. Most residents don't know they have to get a permit. I know we talked about that as much as you'll put it out. They just don't know. But he did have the common sense and making sure he's doing the right thing and made them stop doing anything further. There's no building there yet. He has been working with Kay Lang Garrett. I think he's just at an impasse right now. I don't know if anybody else has seen anything. I've got several photographs that I still made. I hope you all should. I do have a letter. I'll concur with what you said. I had a chance to speak to Mr. Wayne earlier this morning. He sent me some photos and went over everything and kind of ran me through the process and what exactly happened. I know that our ordinance normally wouldn't go here to this. Most of these homes in this neighborhood were built far before that ordinance had been developed and expanded. I don't have an issue with two footies and set back. I don't know if anyone else had a chance to go out. I didn't have a chance to personally go see it. But I did see the photos and have the drawing said to me. I did have one question. I did go out. Pass in front and you can see on both sides, nothing behind you. I was told it was a floodway behind. It's really not an issue for me. I guess my question is, if we ever do have to go there, would we be able to, and I know his neighbor has concrete, I think pretty much their fence. Would we have permission or be able to as a city if we needed to break up that concrete and do whatever we needed to do? Mr. Wayne, you're welcome to come up. You can use the microphone. So what's that question here is, we have no easement in this along that back property line. Oh, we don't. No, so what this is, this is simply not simply, but it's in conflict with our setback requirement. I mean, setbacks are for various reasons. I mean, what we look at particularly when it comes to this is really, when neighborhoods are prepared for drainage mitigation, it's really just how much in pervious surface is on the lot. One home is not going to throw it off typically, but what home could do, in the aggregate, the entire development, if everybody had nothing but concrete, of course, it's an issue. What one home could do if it's not placed properly, and if there's not drainage mitigation, like gutters or something, or some sort of drainage plan, I mean, you could adversely affect drainage on the neighboring properties. I don't see that as the issue here. I think it's unfortunate, you know, what happened to you. There was enough room in New York. It would have been, we would have worked with you to get it approved properly. The reason I asked you to come, or our administration asked you to come, was just to, for the right way to do it, was to have a variance because you're requesting to encroach that rear setback. So we don't have any need to be back there. We don't have any easements, so we have no business back there anywhere. That's just, when we review site plans, permitting is really just looking to make sure, in this case, that permitting power inspections would be going out to ensure that the structure is being built to the applicable building codes. And then before it gets to that point, permitting really just looks to make sure there's no setback issues. And then typically the other thing that we also do in developments that have homeowners associations, we just ensure that there is approval from the homeowners association. And likewise, we'll send it to them to make sure that it may agree, and we have that, yes sir. We want to make sure that it agrees, like architects really, or whatever, you know, however the neighborhood's choosing a self-covering themselves. So great question, as far as, but there'd be no reason for us to, you know, and this is, I would say, probably a unique piece of property because it backs up to a driveway and in the staff of school that's been there over 20 years. So, you know, the site conditions of the surrounding area are established. So I don't personally see the risk. I just, you know, out of respect for the ordinances that you put forth, this is the proper venue for it to be properly documented in the event that someone raises questions in the future as to why something was built in the setback with regards to the neighbors. I mean, you know, I know you've lived there a lot, you know, or at least the time the neighbors may have as well. I've been there, I transferred back from Houston after several years in the industry there, 49 years totaled in the old industry. I've been in that home 26 years. So I'm vested in Youngsville, I'm not going anywhere. I help people, people's house here. You know, you did a beautiful job that, you know, it's beautiful. I would, I would, I would, to visit it under, you know, better circumstances. It's, I'll take a tour someday. I'm sure your house, you're always welcome. Yeah, thank you. But, I think I shared this with Matt the other day. Because this is a unique situation, I'm not going anywhere. And no one's going to live in that 20 by 20. I'm building it after 26 years because I'd like to get my garage back. Yeah. And so, it's just going to be for storage. And I shared this with Matt the other day. I'm prepared to sign a document for the City of Youngsville that if and when anything is developed back there, I'll tear it down. Perfect. Yeah, no, the only thing that we, the only thing that's going to leave it is just going to be for storage. Sure. And that's great. Look, we, we, nothing gives me greater satisfaction than the see people improving the property and things like that. We just try to be cognizant of the neighbors and I agree. There's no, there's no impact here. Speaking of beautifying the property, I'm a proud fellow. I do it right. I'm known for doing it right. Matt, you've been out there, some of the council members have been out there. I paid each of the contractors in advance. Something you don't normally do. I don't normally do it. But I had a good feeling and I was excited to get this building done. I've got over $20,000 paid out. And all I have is this slab. But now after several months, it should have been in before Christmas. Yeah. But I was following the process. As soon as I saw what had happened, I shut it down and I called the City of Youngsville, the Home Owners Association and I called Angie and my rep and by the way, Angie and any opportunity. They stood behind me. They not only banned this contractor. I'm not going to say who it is. You probably some of you know who it is, my name. But he let me down and I trusted him to pull the permit because I had no experience with it. In his words, he says, Wayne, I'll take care of it. I'll do this all the time. And when I came home from work three or four days later, after I wrote the check and committed. Okay. Everything was poured, as you mentioned earlier. And I shut it down and I said, did you get the permit that quick? He said, no, I didn't have a chance to do that. But I wanted to pour this slab before the heavy rains moved in. I started bleeding through the ears. I was just lost in and I told them to leave my property. And of course I contacted all the necessary people. But I have matching shingles, 30-year shingles that I prepaid for. $1,500 or $1,500 worth of shingles. You saw the pallet in the front yard. And I've got the paint to go with it. I did all the necessary things I needed to do to do it right. And I'm going to stucco it if you folks approve it. I'm eventually going to stucco it to match my home. So I'm doing it right. Sure. So I just wanted to make that clear. I just wanted to point out, I know he's drawing, does say six feet. So I asked Garrett about that. There's two fences behind his property. The six foot goes to his wooden fence. There's another property line of another two feet. So that's, so it is a two foot variance we are making. Even though it's the same sense. I just wanted, in case this comes up when he does his permit. If we approve, I'm trying to make sure everybody's on the same page. And keep in mind, if you folks will approve this for me and answer my prayers. I'm willing to sign a statement and put it on file. I'm not going anywhere after 26 years. I'm vested in Youngsville. So if and when something is developed back there, which I doubt, the school is going to be, that's one of the reasons I bought that home. Just to come home and hear those kids playing. Yeah. You know, it's just, it's perfect for me. So anyway, I'm prepared to do that. Okay. More information. We appreciate that document. A lot of big emotion to grant two foot variance. All right. It's a motion to approve that the encroachment for the rear setback by Mr. Bulljana, second by Mr. Romero. Just to make one comment. So this would be simply for the location, the placement, encroaching this set. Sure. You know, if we start the, you know, if we do follow the permitting process, I mean, it's, we won't be able to do any type of inspection, you know, on, on the slab. So that may be where the inspection group may just want to get some sort of, you know, hold harmless or something from you there because it's kind of hard to expect what they can't see. So by the way, I showed you the anchor boats the other day when you came out. That's another reason why this, this contractor is not a four and a half to five star. After I got through with the, with the survey by Angie, he dropped a half star or one star. They banned him nationwide. So anyway, I was going to say I got there in time. The cement was still wet and the, the, the specs, you know, the blueprint call for anchor boats to be every 26 to 28 inches. This contractor had sporadic anchor boats and I caught that immediately. The cement was still wet. They were given in a few minutes before they'd work it. And again, I was bleeding through the ears and eyes. I made them get extra anchor boats and secure, you know, the correct amount of anchor boats around the perimeter. You got it. Well, it sounds like you caught that in time. Otherwise, the slab would have probably had to be drilled or broken up at my expense. You know, because he refused to work with me. So I Angie, cutting loose. Yeah. All right. Well, thank you, Mr. Bruce. Is there any other council comment or any, any public comment? Part of the vote. Okay. If there's no additional public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on encroachment in the rear setback. All in favor, motion approved. Yeah. Thank you. And absolutely. Thank you. Appreciate it, Mr. Bruce. I best of luck to finish in your project, sir. Right. A general item 7.4. I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Eddie Reggett. He's interested in bringing commercial development to our community. He's here with his architect, Mr. Beasley this evening. And similarly there, well, different circumstances, but they're also requesting a setback variance to encroach the 10 foot setback easement outlined. Excuse me. I skipped ahead there. I'm going to request a setback variance as well as a variance to the land use regulations as requested in the attached letter for a strip mall located at 615 Lafayette Street. They've pams joined me with my meeting, but they've also pams also met with Mr. Reggett in his group on at least one occasion previous to that. Council, their request is in front of you. What they're really looking for this subject property, if you're looking at family dollar on young Zohiway, this is just to the right of it. He's been on the market for a while and it backs up. It's in front of excuse me, Toybox Storage, which is a rear storage, outdoor storage facility. And Pam and I really sat with him to work with him to try to get the maximize the usable space so that we can have a nice product into commerce as soon as possible. So, happy to answer any questions. As I mentioned, the developer's here, but I think it's teed up for you pretty good in the council packet if you have any questions. Absolutely, Mr. Reggett. Serve with Juman coming up or are Mr. Beasley, both of whom ever. Ms. Champagne is a. Are you? Part of questions. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so I'll tell you just a little bit about the project if you like and then chime in. It's what they're looking to do is. I saw some of their work in a neighboring community. It's a strip center. It's a strip center that. And I'm sorry, I don't remember like at least four bays, maybe 1500 square feet. Ten bays. Ten bays, even better. Perfect. So the decisions were really, you know, we're improving that roadway. So there's a road widening corridor. There's an enhanced road widening easement. There's a rear setback easement. So just really just trying to get them maximizing their usable space, the rear. The rear property as, as you all know, has already spoken for and it's an outdoor store. So what we're requesting you to do tonight is really to wave. To relax the land use ordinance with all due respect to. Mr. Giger that's in the office in the audience that helped me write it 11 years ago. But you know, it's all about really the land use ordinance is really just to make sure that you're mitigating any conflict. Next to the neighbors that develop her understands the intention, the architect understands the intention, but it's an outdoor storage. Facility that where there's really going to be minimal impact, which is why Pam and I were comfortable recommending the reduction to a five foot set back there, which would have. To be able to accommodate drainage drainage is already taking care of on this property. So it is another development ready site. And yeah, Sean Pine, I'm sorry, I started talking, but I didn't. Any prospects, Mr. Rage, for this for this building for the tenants yet. Any any prospects of reddish for the building. 100% spec. I'll be running face. Let's see. How many how many days you said it was? 10 days. 10 days. And all of the 10. Are you going to allow the tenants to can join base if I guess the business is to come in. If a business wants to move in, you're going to allow them to have more than just one day, whether it be one sweet, two sweets, three into one kind of that concept, or you're going to. Especially when I keep them separate. No, no, we'll look at every situation independently, but. Yeah, we put a lot of. Has there been any conversations with toy box? Or are they aware of it? I guess that. I have. I don't know. Yeah. I have. I have I have. I am going to. But you don't say I mean, there's no, you're not seeing any issues. Yeah, OK, normally we would want 10 because of the whole drainage, but they, they already toy box already took care when, well, when Mr. I guess barely develop it. He had already put some catch basins and some pipes and then has the detention pond. lack of a better term they can plug and play into that collection system and then there's no the detention that's all behind family dollars. So what we normally have our you know our back set back is for us not to drain on the property but the way it's it was actually designed is for the property to drain to the back to that collection system to the detention pond. So this five foot is basically for them to be able to maintain the grass in between the because there's already a fence there that the toy box. So and it's part and this is one of the lots that of that development. Miss Sean Pine. Pam what about traffic will it be right in? We did discuss that that they're going to have access. So he's going to have that whole lot. So there is access at principals list and if they wanted another any other access they'd be allowed one is what we discussed right in right out. So the so they so they can someone can go across because he's got the whole parking lot. So if they want full turning movements they'll have to go to the little side street of principals list which is how that was all developed. Okay. So of course that was all part of one development and then and then on the setbacks I can honestly say this is probably maybe one of two properties or parcels that you have anywhere in young so that has two setbacks. So there's there's an enhanced there's a road widening setback and then another enhanced which is why when they asked for the 10 if you actually bought that much property on all the remaining parcels that you would have to widen I wouldn't have the money to be able to widen highwaying that much. You know what I mean I didn't see when they asked they had with if they was just wanted to be one thing but they've got two which is that 47 feet total and you you already have a home either side or the back so that's correct. They would be taken so you have the road the the private access road in between them and the daycare they have the storage in the back and then they have family dollar. So family dollars open late the storage is open you know so they meet all the requirements of even if they had you know a restaurant or boutique whatever everybody else around them can go so that's why we felt that there was not going to be a problem with the five foot and and not having an issue of extra barriers between them. Okay. Mayor the property I'd like to motion to approve. All right thank you motion by Miss Shumphine second by Mr. Romero's any further council comment or discussion any public comment? If there's no public comment misgidory please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. Thank you. Thank you. If you need anything else Mr. Reggad Adam let us know we want you to clear all the all you do diligence. So thank you man. All right thank you sir appreciate you. All right 7.5 Chad and Jessica Brusard are requesting a variance to allow a reduction of their garage setback from 25 to 20 feet for a lot 53 of sable south. Council this is exciting development for me and I'm sure for you as well this is the newest phase of sable palms that we've that the developer has coin sable south that there's I think 80 or 80 ish lots in this particular development we recorded the final platton February 29th they've met all the requirements to fulfill the development standards for development in the city of Youngsville. The developers have been outstanding to work with Mr. Brusard my understanding is of the 80 ish lots that have come into the market with this development I think he's told me all but maybe four or five of them are are spoken for have local builders that have ear marks on them to develop and we we have a couple of custom home plans that we have received in the permitting office that were specifically designed for these lots assuming that it would be a 20 foot front setback the developers reviewed and approved the request as reasonable and I have done the same as well so it's for your approval this evening Mr. Romero I'd like to go ahead and motion to approve the variants for the Brusards to allow the setback from 25 to 20 feet for a lot 53 sable south. Thank you Mr. Romero Miss Champagne. Second all right thank you ma'am is there any council comment or discussion any public comment all right no public comment Miss Giger please call the vote Miss Champagne. Colin Caper motion approved. I didn't give you a chance to speak but thank you for all the the building that you do in our community you all have been great great builders in our area it gives us a lot of pride to see local builders continue to take down lots in our community in this case to build a home for themselves so thank you for the investment in Young'sville and we look forward to to to getting the plans pushed to the approval for you so you guys can get started thank you thank you all right that's all right let's see the caller we go on to 7.6 or when are we adding which one was the expansion okay all right so we're just go to set still in order all right 7.6 is to consider amending the 2023 2024 fiscal budget in the amount of 933,122 dollars and 32 cents to reappropriate the American Rescue Plan Act ARPA funding from the Highway 92 Improvement Sidewalk drainage and lighting project to the 2024 Road Improvements Project motion all right motion by council member Bolgiano and a second by councilman Barraz is there any council discussion any public comment no public comment misgidory please call the vote all in favor motion approved all right thank you council 7.7 is consider a request to amend the Young'sville Police Department budget in the amount of $48,000 plus benefits to provide funding for an additional first-year sergeant position for the Young'sville Police Department I know Chief Louvier has provided some information in your packet I'll certainly turn the floor over to him if he has any further comment or we can open it for council discussion let's see I was why don't we start with councilman Sean Pine thank you Mayor I have some questions please is this a promotion from within or is are you hiring another person so to promote a sword you have to promote from within with civil service so they have to go from the pool of candidates that's dictating my civil socials so the promotion will be from within and I know that we've been short yes we've been short so you're getting ready to hire some new patrol officers so yes like I said earlier we were five short when I started we have me three quality hires the last of which starts on Monday we only have two more vacancies that we're we're promoting from within will that cost cost you to have another opening we will have to fill that spot as well and what's what's what will be that that that point who what what what what position does that person have now not patrol this is not a patrol officer whether you're going to promote this this position at this point there probably be a patrol it we don't have that exact person that we're going to be there we're still working on the dynamics of it but we it is going to be from within the department so you still have to come back and get another that'll feel that that you still have to feel that's correct this is appropriate forty thousand dollars I guess my questions for Catherine Catherine 48,000 would be salary yes so do you have an exact cost of what the what this position will cost because I know we have amperes which is thirty six percent and I in June I think it's going up to thirty thirty thirty thirty three it's going up to thirty six in June so almost thirty six percent for amperes social security is six and a half percent we have cost for insurance do you have a total cost on what this budget item is going to be it's probably going to be close to about seventy seventy five thousand dollars wouldn't you think without without without uniforms and uh training do will they need any other training to be so do you take this spot no because they just get if we have people with with the experience already that we won't have to pay for any training the base salary of forty thousand impers thirty three point nine currently yeah as I correct it's sixteen social security six point two is what it's at currently which is twenty nine hundred I believe my math insurance um copay is forty five hrc is four twenty so that's kind of the numbers on that it'll be close to that seven between seventy and seventy five thousand I can send like the exact number of total cost I'm trying to get a total cost for an employee and they're in their benefits the person that you have that you're going to promote into this position do you know what the salary is now um no I'm just trying to get a difference in pay I'm not sure exactly what their years experience breaks down on the scale okay and we did you send us a manning short I'm sorry did you send us an updated manning short it as for it at about four forty five a Senate probably about five o'clock okay kind of late all right thank you many of this out for right now all right thank you miss champagne I'm sorry okay mr. Boljana sorry uh uh Catherine the uh the regardless the funds with its forty thousand seventy five thousand is that funds that we're going to be pulling from the uh within their budget or is that going to be pulled have you pulled from the general fund to surplus that current budget that would be currently from the police budget I mean we're not fully staffed as it is right now with the police so if they were fully staff we'd have to you know allocate for that additional but right now we're not fully okay so I guess I'm wondering what's the if he fails those other positions at that point we'd have to revisit we'll look at that during budget time okay uh and chief did you uh did we already feel the open sergeant's position that was open from uh yes I promoted actually tiktok vinny lander was promoted a few weeks ago okay I knew the promotion that didn't correlate which position which where where who wins or won so I was just trying to ask mr. Romero yep chief I appreciate you taking the time uh Tuesday for us to talk absolutely no we talked at length uh I think and I want to express that I understand the need uh from your standpoint um but what concerns me is uh a couple things is that you know seven months for now we have an election we don't know who our chief of police is going to be uh understand your running oh yeah okay uh understand there's probably three maybe four of the people running uh one of the things that I recall from the sheriff's report is the question in staffing not the people but the amount of positions and what's doing what uh on top of that I don't I think it's somewhat irresponsible for myself I'm not going to speak for the council to support this right now and I've got to be careful how I word this but uh I would almost suggest uh tabling this till November when the election is finalized or December that way yourself or whoever uh is elected by the people of youngsville has that opportunity to decide if that's the staffing position they want or if they're maybe wanting something else because as you know as as you stated it's civil service so once that position is approved by us uh yes it'll be a minimum amount for the next three months in this budget year but it's going to drastically go up and mischomp on it averages about 25 to 30,000 above this pay get their own emperors with everything else from what I've experienced over the last several years um so we're probably looking about 75 80 thousand dollars after training uh in the next budget year which not having everybody sat we can afford that but I think if we're going to do this right I do think a newly elected chief of the people should have that opportunity to decide if it's what they want or yourself whoever it might be and that is no knock on yourself I mean we appointed you to do a job that you're doing and uh I just I conflicts with a lot of things that we've talked about over the last several months let me clarify on the training park we have people within the department that are already trained in this so they won't be sent in a specialized training or or anything over and above that if we pull them from our training budget or anything else it'll just be a move into the position and transition to a supervisory position taken over and and splitting these multitude of duties that this one person is currently taken on I'm sorry I had another question how many sorgents do you have uh right now in the department only one over that section no total the department um I've then broke down I think everything else but that uh four patrol soldiers sorted over this in row and that sorted over traffic and one in um um about seven so you have seven patrols you know one patrols you know one patrols you yeah well that's yeah that's right that's throughout the department one one sergeant per patrol ship which is standard for every department and we we calculate and employees differently I guess because you're saying you only have 30 how many employees we have 30 hour our our row shall you have 41 paid payroll employees right right 35 or 34 currently five civilian and two row beds right but the five civilian that's your office staff yes correct okay so it and it is a different dynamic for most because you know you have to have one supervisor on the road for patrol ship to manage in the incidents that occur that your your detective supervisor is very specialized in what they do and the manpower hours they put in on the cases they work and the things that they do in that section so it's different than most jobs where you have a supervisor that manages all these people that are doing the same thing the functions are drastically different the requirements are drastically different okay thank you miss Boris how many sardines have you had in the past is is this the lowest you've ever been have you had more and I know you're new but like like past cheese how are we now wise on sardines currently we're full on sardines with this is an added sardines spot maybe I'm not understanding the question have you ever had more than seven sardines in the police department I mean I've been here since all because not since I've been here this is this is cool I didn't think you would know it yeah okay so we can't basically judge apples to apples we don't know what's on pass right okay okay yeah maybe I guess clarification so they have you've three shifts you have you have a day they crew in a night crew per shift so you got two sardines per patrol ship one sardine per sardine per sardine per sardine over detected also handles correct not only those two detectives in the most two cases that they handle and the hours of manpower they put in every day but also that same sergeant currently handling seven resource officers that deal with all the schools and communicates with LPSO because they run the school resource program current NLPSS and then after next year Arca is going to be requesting another SRO for their school because they're opening their high school so that's going to be another school resource that I mean eight school resource officers plus the two detectives that they're all over currently with that one supervisor well I guess I guess maybe just some comments from my fellow some members I have two things one being after going through the the last 12 months of the denifit that some serious issues along with that report was that the same individual in charge of the investigative crime itself was also in charge of the evidence so I do think it's it's responsible in ourselves to kind of maybe reflect back on some of that and note that we need to have a separate do you or someone separately in charge of both of those where we're not I thought really protocol in other agencies on the second thing is that we approved a police department budget and this currently fits within his budget so for me if that's what he wants to fulfill the position with he's the money for that so be it and if he wants to add more officers in the future and that's going to cost more money well he knows that now and then that'll have to come back to us in the future but it currently fits within his budget so I'm not going to I personally'm not going to buck this system if he feels that that's needed now then if it's within his budget then so be it and then we'll address the the the salaries of future salaries in the future. Thank you Mr. Volgiano. Ms. Shampine. Yes I do understand where you coming from Nindi. I think that we have to be very proven with all departments within our city. I think the most important thing that we can do right now is make sure that you have the patrol officer that you need which you do in one food job of trying to hire. I really have a big concern about promoting people within the department or even bringing them in from outside right now at this at this time because we know we need those patrol officers and I'd hate to I hate to see people having a lot more work a burden than what they have but did I want to ask this question. Did the audit tell you you needed to have more people to segregate those jobs? The Lindi had mentioned that we needed segregation really basically what he's saying is we need to segregate the duties right you need to have a surgeon over so so so what he's missing. So did the audit say you had to segregate the legislative audit our internal audit that we do every year you know they give us recommendations for our departments. Was that one of them to segregate you duties? I wasn't here last year. No and I wasn't a plan that was set in there. I was just saying that that's just not really protocol in other agencies that'd be like the mayor being the same person who cuts the checks as well as the plan. You can't have the same person approving it right. I was just I was just implying that it's not really customary to have the same person investigating the crime and then also the custodian of the evidence because that's kind of how we wound up in the position we were in. I was just saying that that might you know alleviate some issues. It wasn't stated anywhere. Yeah no and I agree with that. I mean that you have conflicts when you have an evidence person over evidence and then a detective I completely agree with that. Are those people sergeants? What people? The ones the detectives or detectives are not sergeants but understand because we we talk about segregation of duties. So what I'm trying to get out is well to Lindy's point he's saying you have to segregate such as evidence people with evidence I agree with that. You don't have a detective over the evidence but we talk about a sergeant right now that's in charge of multiple people. They are but this is the dynamics of our department. We are a small department we're not like a large agency like the LPSO that has everybody delegated to every different section. So the way we're set up in our department we have two detectives and we have a sergeant with detectives but because there's only two of them they have to be on call nights they take calls throughout the week every day someone is on call so that detective sergeant also rotates call with these two detectives so that way they're not on call 24-7 between just the two of them which puts him in a position where at times he may have the work cases also or he may get get something or both of them are tied up on on the case that they're working viewing hours of footage for a burglarry he may have to jump in and do something which is where the conflict comes in as him being an evidence custodian possibly having to collect it to pick up to assist them. How many active cases are they working on right now? I don't know exactly what varies. Every day we're taking reports and they're taking in more cases so it varies on a daily basis what they close what they have opened some are suspended for the time being and may not be suspended tomorrow if we get a new tip or something else to run on it so that varies on a day to day basis. Okay thank you Mayor. Yes ma'am. I'll make a motion to to amend the police budget for these sergeant's position. Motion on the floor of Mr. Bulljiano to amend the budget for the YPD has requested is there a second? Crickets. All right well there's no there's no second on the on the motion so fails fails for lack of a second. All right. Now I can do 7.8. Right agenda item 7.8. Dan Hard to request a variance to allow a reduction in the garage setback from 25 feet to 20 feet for a lot 36 of sable south subdivision. Council thank you for the for expanding the item on the agenda. I know we always try to be very careful about when we do this this one has no fiscal impact and out of respect for the person that has submitted the house plans. I thought it made sense to hear it at the same time so that we can move forward with his new construction as well and I don't see Mr. Hard. I know he oh I'm sorry Mr. Hard. Yes sir. So Mr. Hard's here available and it's up for your decision tonight. Mr. Sharp. Yes I have a question for Mr. Hard please if you don't mind. Yes sir please. Thank you for investing in Young'sville or is this going to be your personal home? So you you are billed to the right your contractor. So are you building other homes in that subdivision? Not in that neighborhood I recently lived in say with Palms Phase 2 but I do build in Youngville. I'm building in Moshe Rias of now. You don't anticipate coming before us for any other setback restrictions or requirements other than this one. And I'm okay with with this one. I mean we just granted one I think you know when the plot was set they went by the other ordinance so I'm okay with this one. I just want to remind all my colleagues that we did adopt a rule a I'll call it a council rule that we would not hear any of variances the night of a meeting. We'd have to have two days prior notice. In this case we were already hearing one but I just want to remind them that we do have that rule in place that someone anyone at once a variance has to submit all the paperwork two days prior to the meeting so that we can look at it and evaluate it. So in saying that our motion to move forward Mr. Mayor. Thank you Mr. Shumpan and Mr. Romero seconds. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment or okay if there's no public comment I'm a skidry please call the vote to allow the reduction of the front setback from 25 to 20. I'll invade our motion approved. Mr. Hart thank you I think we may have did Kayla was going to give you a call she's had maybe a question or two about the pool but she's I spoke with her okay not told her I'll scrap the pool I'm worried about the house well we're about the pool later yeah we certainly want you to have a pool I think she was just trying to compartmentalize it because we were anxious. We were just trying to get the max of what we could just park back yard absolutely and all that it looks like it's it's a great plan and we're happy to see you invest and and move to young so so thank you. We're in the building many more. We hope so appreciated so we'll make sure we communicate to Kayla and I'm sure she'll get you what she need in short order perfect all right thank you sir thank you all all right we're going to move on to resolutions resolution 8.1 a resolution of mending and approving permit and development fees for the city of young so see Mr. Boljano thank you Mr. Boljano and there's a second by council member Romero is there any council comments or discussion is there any public comment if there's no public comment misgivory please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right thank you council we'll move ahead to gen item 8.2 resolution 2024-04 resolution authorizing the reduction of commercial permitting fees through December 31st 2024 to facilitate economic development motion by Mr. Romero and a second by Mr. Boljano is there any comment or question from members of the council okay if there's no comment from the members of the council about any public comment okay if there's no public comment misgivory please call the vote. All in favor motion. Thank you council 8.3 resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of young so to enter into a wholesale water agreement with Lafayette city parish consolidated government and magnolia utility operating company LLC for the purchase and resale of potable water motion by Mr. Boljano in the second by Mrs. Creed is any council comment a question or discussion is this felony neighborhood with magnolia? So let me I'll tell you a little bit more about it so what this is this is something we've been working on for quite some time actually and there's a there's an unincorporated island and just outside our city limits windy meadows windy heights it's on bone and road just north of feel crest they have been serviced by Tessie for their utility as their utility provider as long as I can remember Tessie has recently sold as you may know their assets to magnolia but during the time that Tessie operated the facility routinely there was you know I won't speak to the water issues but from the appearance of it it was yellow there was it appeared to have a lot of opportunity to improve at the time mayor president gillery and I got together I believe I probably had a conversation with the with council member Carl sent at the time young young so has an eight inch water line that services straight down bone and road one of our connection points is out of basiter caffery so we have an eight inch water line coming in to feed our l us wholesale customers so we had some discussion this is when Clint was still with this Pam was part of it of course Susan about could we help these help these folks out they they have a young so laddressed they identify with young zville I'm sure they shop in young zville they're not annexed but frankly annexing that neighborhood really wasn't something that I personally was interested in so I haven't brought it to you and I don't know that they would have been interested but now with this water line that we have on young zville highway what in essence this would do is provide a water meter to for to magnolia and as a wholesale customer and then magnolia in turn within service the residents of windy heights and windy meadows so um Susan has indicated that I believe it's 200 homes off the top of my head was fine within our water modeling so what this in essence does is it enables us to work with l us to enter into an agreement because the standard right now as our wholesale water agreement we can't service anyone outside of our city limits but they are part of the parish I frankly see it as a little bit of a humanitarian call to you know so close to provide these residents with a better quality drinking water so magnolia has done the homework to to you know get the paperwork straight if this goes through what they would in essence do is cap off their connection with their well and their system be fed by the l us wholesale line that services the city of young zville and we would take on one new customer and that would be magnolia to service those residents we do have a similar agreement today with guillot village phase two which is south of shimon agriob the developer there had trouble getting water and years ago we did a similar arrangement in order to provide water for that development so mr. amera only because it's on there has there been any response to your email to the leadership at magnolia from now relative to the yesoo or because it's on the now I appreciate it no sorry I know it might be unable for us to do it at this time but yeah unfortunately yeah I haven't heard anything from them okay thank you miss shampoen mayor is that meter main meter at super one is that way of it it is yeah that's where the connection is yes man so our our lines can handle it between super one and for that extra portion yes ma'am yeah Susan unfortunately Susan couldn't be here with us this evening but the first thing that we did as part of this conversation was we had Susan put in the area that's identified on the on the exhibit for you into her water model to ensure that we would be able to handle it Pam so the nine years ago there was no the eight inch wasn't coming down the whole way so we have the eight inch but it also connects to a 12 inch that's on fortune and then that fortune one connects to the 16 inch so it's all interconnected now and so we have a lot higher pressure and a lot more ability and plus that line also when it gets to field crest crosses over and connects at shaman matter as well so we have a lot of interconnections that we didn't have nine years ago and that's why when you put it in the model there's such a high much higher pressure at the the fire department area in that area then there was nine years ago okay but it's all it is it's not so it's coming off the eight inch but the eight inch is interconnected with 12s and is also interconnected with 16s and then along ambassador they also extended a line from super one lus did to the line that we have that's the 16 inch off of so they're able to to back feed into you know it's how existing customers will see any reduction in pressure that's right because it's it's okay thank you yes man hey they answered all your questions okay and we have a motion in a second is there any public comment all right there's no public comment misgidry please call the vote all in favor motion approved all right thank you council and final resolutions 8.4 resolution 2020 406 resolution authorizing an additional 566 thousand 613.44 cents for funding for Louisiana facility planning and control project number 50 MW22101 fortune road extension as required by our state facility planning director as I know we have capital outlay dollars to handle the fortune fairfield connection it's under construction today working for the Bruce Hart side working towards the roundabout project that for at Youngsoe highway on our side they're doing a lot of the early work which is really just making the dirt work moving the dirt work that we've been stockpiling there from some of our drainage projects to make actually the pad that was authorized by some of the early work that we've already done we're in the process of getting what's called concurrence from our facility planning director this is a project that we're paying 20% 25% 25% the states paying the other 75% so this is this resolution is a house keeping item for our facility planning person to have updated record in this file mr. Boljana all right motion by mr. Boljana second by Miss Barrett is there any council comment or discussion any public comment all right misgidory please call the vote all in favor motion approved all right thanks council that concludes the meeting but we have some announcements I think we can go through some of our projects Pam anything you like to share with the council and then we'll move to Tim yeah so just to add to you on the fortune so not only they do in the road bid for the fortune road extension but they've started digging the detention pond so that they can start laying the drainage for the fortune road extension so that's part that's also part of the early work on your 20 22 roadway improvements we've completed the majority of our paving work we're in the process of going back and doing some some driveways doing some punchless items some dress up and we are working on your your 2024 roadway improvement as the mayor said that's gonna include Balesco full depth patching on highway 89 NESPK and a couple of other roads that you know as the we're gonna do it with the funding that you have some of the ones that we did not we had they were designed for 2022 but we separated them to say this is how much work we wanted to do in 20 for the 2022 so that's been put into your 2024 we plan to go out for advertisement in about three weeks and then so that work will start early summer on we've kind of been working on some alignments on what we call the long-lane road extension Shemet Agriap de Taunt and working with the utility owners and in particular slimco with regards to their power poles we're moving forward with the detention pond on anzlam completing their h and h report and also finalizing the survey that we needed to do up the channel and then we submitted a we on by on your behalf we submitted a raised grant thanks to Nicole's complete dedication as you know we submitted about three hours before the deadline but it was a lot of work and we if we couldn't have done it without her so we submitted on your behalf for the highway 92 widening that you have designed so fingers crossed they let you know in June it's my understanding yes it's in June and because again it's money that they want to get done quickly they need they want to encumber it by a certain point and you know you guys hit all the buttons with sidewalks and the connectivity to the school and to a mixed-use complex of commercial and and also recreation not far so at least that's what I told him it's out it really good but so we'll find out in June and let's see I think that's oh and on Larivier Road what we had left to do is we've been working on your the right away that you have so um we've thank goodness we've actually found some old plates that actually showed you had more right away than some of the more recent plates and you never gave up the right away so we're good and we want to make sure to be able to show that to D O T D so that's been a huge deal just making all the importance on why we're so hard on when people submit plates and what we want on plates because there were some plates that kind of they didn't do the due diligence and so people said there was a different right away than that there really was so we had to go back to the 1950s and 60s so anyway so that's we're we're gonna submit that to them next week we'll have a planet hand for that and we're hoping to go to bid I believe in June on the Larivier Road because we'd like a contractor before September 30th awarded for this fiscal year. Yeah so that that project since it since it is eminent this is South La Rivierre from Shim and Metterie to the flashing red light and it's going to be a widening of the road it's raising the road nearest the flashing red light that that road has historically gone under water in certain high intensity rain events when now that now that yeah so now that that now that we have the La Salle regional detention ponds and that water actually is someplace to go that road will be raised to facilitate a more flow underneath the road raised wide and in a sidewalk from investment is it just to the school or is a sidewalk all the way to Shim and Metterie. The sidewalk is all is to investment. Yeah it's so well investment to the school investment to the school and it will be carbon gutter so we'll be a closed drainage and yeah so we will replace the bridge with some large box culverts and then there's also a single pipe that is near hill ridge or I think it's maybe double and we're going to replace that with box culverts as well so really trying to help facilitate the drainage safety for the those that walk down the street and then just a more a safer road and possible on the higher storm. This that project is going to be transformational really for everyone that attends southside for anyone that travels that road you know for for the for the council's benefit and for the public benefit you know when southside high school came I mean I think it's fair to say that south that south of the Riviera road was really in deplorable condition about 2,200 feet of it was in the unincorporated area which is you know obviously it's outside of our jurisdiction but years ago Pam you know talked to me about let's let's approach this from a grant perspective so now this project is this one 75 or 80 for 80 percent. This one's 80 percent you pay 20 you pay 20 percent and then of that 20 percent you should be getting 50 percent back from LCG they had committed 50 percent because they have about 50 percent. So what we did there I mean you'll recall a couple of years ago excuse me was we did a basically a five-year overlay we did a milling overlay of that road that we anticipated would last about five years as an interim solution to get us until today until we could really see the grant come to fruition so this is this one's been in the queue for a long long time and I just let me make a point about the this the 2024 road projects this week we had a couple of potholes if you will I guess they came up around the tractor around about guillard in guillard and shimmy metery as y'all know y'all have authorized in our transportation plan we have a roundabout design built it's about 95 percent plans I could have it completed probably in about a week but in it's a really nice concrete roundabout second circulating lane and that was designed to accommodate all of the future growth that we know is coming south of shimmy metery along guillard road so we're talking mastery we're talking about Mike shams he's development long lane a estates long lane rigid states but so in the interim our public works team has done the best they can to do a surface level patching that because of no fault of their own that they're we're having base failures there that have just surpassed really you know what normal surface level patching can do I mean you were called back in 2015-16 when we rebuilt shimmy metery parkway we had significant base failures but we didn't redo that roundabout at that time so what am I talking about what am I getting to what I'm getting to is we have a roundabout design that is going to take the place of this one and I've been putting off really doing some permanent what's called full depth patching of that intersection because I didn't want to put you know money down that we were going to be replacing and building over but what we've decided to do we've been we've been trying to hit a lot of angles for funding of that double lane roundabout state capital outlay federal grants we have some MPO money for weight in MPO regional we have a lot of grand opportunities we're just trying to see really what fits in without design but what does that mean for you in the short term in the short term as part of the 2024 road project that Pam just said that's going out to bid in three weeks it's going to be the construction of the Lesco crossing but it's also going to be the full depth patching of the guillot roundabout and in talking to the design team they said whatever full depth patching you do in that guillot roundabout when the permanent roundabout or the you know the the build out of young soul roundabout comes to the intersection we'll be able to work with that new existing base in those areas so it's building off of it there similarly I'm optimistic that hopefully we may have some dollars that are left over with that arpe of money that you just transferred to the 2024 road project to not only pay for Velesco's construction for the full depth patching of guillot but then also to really tackle young soul highway hopefully is a mill and overlay starting closer from this side to where like the areas that may be the worst I don't want to get too ambitious but near like Griffin and Copperfield where we're seeing a lot of failures in that road as y'all know the first phase of young soul highway is fortune north to Luzard and Debell so what we're optimistic that we can do is do a mill and overlay of the existing two travel lanes like from new news moving towards fortune and then similarly there I didn't want to start doing that work if I didn't think we could build off of it when we widen that road but in working with Pam's team she said what you're doing here is a mill and overlay when we go to widen those sections near copper meadows we can just build the out lanes on the outside so I just wanted to give an update man that's how we're tackling it you know the I don't like you know the failures that we've had at that tracked around about either but I'm really we've really tried our best to we were trying to get the in result we have a roundabout design there I just don't have all the funding in place and that's because we're counting on a myriad of funding sources just like with the Rivier when we have the opportunity to get only pay 20% of project 20 to 25% of projects I think it's worth you know really playing the grand game is best that we can and trying to maximize our taxpayer dollars locally so any questions for Pam about that all right before Tim starts I could say Susan wasn't able to be here but I think the main event that I want that for everybody to know is the water plant is going to be out to bid later this month and we've set May 1st as the bid date I think it's May 1st where we'll be opening bids for that project so real excited by finally getting the new water plant out to bid into the market so Tim anything for the council. Yes Mayor thanks our sports YC baseball and softball our league practices will begin on Monday March 18 the bitty basketball national tournament finished this past Tuesday south side soccer and crew rush continue their practice and games on the weekends our spring adult beach league will begin next week we just closed registration and we'll have roughly about 156 teams in the spring league F&A football will start on March 25th they have roughly 656 players there this weekend Cajun Elite will be having their indoor volleyball tournament Saturday and Sunday with our partnership with Oshers and Lafayette General Dr Andrews spoke last week at the Rec Center on youth sports and youth sports injuries and then the southeastern beach slam tournament women's volleyball tournament will start tomorrow morning at 9 the teams will practice in today from 1 to 6 it will be streamed by varsity sports now but it is free to the public to attend the schedule is on the sports complex Facebook page and online at youngsoatscomplex.com just quickly the 10 teams are southeastern from Hammond who's the host school University of South Carolina from South Carolina Boise State from Boise Idaho Houston Christian University from Houston Texas University of Southern Mississippi from Haddie's Bird University of Alabama Birmingham Tulane University from New Orleans University of New Orleans University of Tampa from Tampa Florida and Stephen F Austin from Nuckido just Texas they'll be the 10 teams that'll be competing so one of the ones we saw yeah he's the first one we saw the Houston Christian bus going around the roundabout earlier oh okay yeah so the third collegiate tournament so far this year with two more scheduled in the next six weeks I believe so very good stuff so thank you Tim Terry anything from anything else from the administration all right any council announcements I've got just got a couple of a couple of thanks a couple of thank yous first off uh Mr. Jacob Held appreciate you uh putting yourself up at the civil service board appreciate that and I look and forward to working with you uh I want to put another thank you for our current at home builders here in youngsoat we appreciate the investment we know that's all your time and money and now we appreciate you putting that back in the youngsoat helping us grow our community to be the best of it we can be um want to commend our PD far and public works for another successful mortgage operate uh Terry he's greeted a phenomenal job uh found that the uh the placement put down a bearcage this year before I had to fray was flawless not that it ever wasn't but it was even better than it was last year uh not to mention the cleanup uh not found that the instance this year handled with PD and uh and the part of part of where we're exceptional um communication was uh was was great and uh was was proud to have a successful one of the parade with our residents intending um also uh want to thank our commercial development uh or developers in businesses uh why no we're not not exactly the most economic incline and things are expensive with inflation and no uh cost of new business these days is not cheap and easy but we greatly appreciate uh everyone investing in youngsoville uh so that our residents can enjoy the quality of life here um and lastly uh our chamber banquet is on April 9th at 6 p.m. the youngsoat sports complex tickets are on sale on the chamber's website uh it's going to be a great event with a host of Joe Grunig which was an exceptional last year it was a great time so you'll come out and enjoy the night and in fire hydrant float testing for the for the fire department it's going to be going on the next two weekends just keep that in mind um all right any other council announcements mr. mara yeah uh the reschedule for the uh city cleanup uh beautification day is Saturday march 23rd uh you know obviously we'll still meet at the uh sugar beach uh appreciate them and Terry and everybody else at nels to help put together an Angie um hopefully you can get out uh still sign up on my website facebook page and come out and just help pick up some of the minimal litter i think we have in youngsoil keep it beautiful thank you sir miss champine i just want to close and tell everyone happy easter all right thank you ma'am is there a motion to adjourn all right motion by mr. romero second by miss champine all in favor say hi bye meeting adjourn thank you all so much and have a great evening