 because you know we've had some discussion earlier this year related to development in this area of our city. We've heard some developments here at the council level and my goal by having this meeting tonight is really to try to strengthen the heart of our community but not over correct with any type of ordinances that may come from this type of conversation this evening. So I'll have more to say but I want to hear from you. And so when we have public comment, if you would mind coming forward, give us your full name. We have a timer you know up for three minutes but the council, depending upon the discussion, can we can see where it's gone and if we you know want to hear more we'll ask some questions because we do generally want to hear your feedback related to this topic. To help us through this discussion we've asked Mr. Lynn Giedrie who's up here seated to my right next to Nicole. Lynn Giedrie is an architect that has worked with the city since I've been around and probably before. I think Lynn actually designed the City Hall Annex next door to us 305. I've been here street so he's a friend of our community and someone that I have great great respect for. Lynn was actually the architect of our land use ordinance. There was a community nearby that did a land use ordinance when I was on the city council and working with Lynn. That's how we came up with the land use ordinance that still governs our city today. So I'm going to turn it over to Lynn. He has some notes and he also has a PowerPoint presentation that he wants to share with the public. We'll hear your feedback. We'll open it up to the council and I have some some remarks as well. So Lynn, thank you for being here, sir. Thank you mayor. Thank you everyone for allowing me to speak here tonight. I have comments that I don't have any hard recommendations to make tonight and so I'm hoping that the comments I make will spawn some response from y'all and we're anxious to hear that and so we'll get we'll get started with that. I had forgotten that I had worked on the city hall next door. I'm glad you didn't ask me how long ago because I would have been blank but I'm going to begin my presentation with just a history of the neighborhood. I'm going to show you some maps some old maps and give you history of the neighborhood that you probably know better than I do but I needed to understand it in order to be able to get to this point. Following that I'm going to give you a visual tour that I did photographs that I took while visiting the neighborhood and getting familiar with it and then I'm going to offer some ideas. I call them schematic ideas because they're very early on and hopefully it'll spawn some some reaction to build on. So let's start with the little history. This is an 1871 map. I asked for the oldest map that we could find and I was surprised to find one this old 1871. It essentially shows toward the bottom of that map. It shows where the church, the church property, the church, somewhat I don't remember the name of donated property to the church. It's one of the oldest Catholic churches in Lafayette and then it shows the streets that were existing at that time in 1871 and so not very many. What we now call and what was called then at that time Lafayette Street. There's a street called Glorious Street towards the top. I don't think that street is, well certainly not named Glorious Street anymore. I guess it's probably our Bury Street today. And then church street towards right right just north of the church property and at the top at the very top you can see you may be able to see. I'm not sure how well you can read but it says it's town of Royville at that time that this area was called Royville. This was before it was incorporated into a municipality. It was known as Royville. Next map that I have is also, you know what, back was there. It's also an old map but it's it's labeled at the top the Corporation of Youngsoil, Louisiana. And so this was when Youngsoil became incorporated in 1907 and it shows more streets. It shows the streets that we're going to talk about tonight. It shows, it still shows a church property. I hope I'll read to you. And then to the west of that it shows church street but then it shows four east west streets. So what we now know as Avenue A is shown there's not labeled but it's Avenue A. Then there's an Avenue B which in those days did not go all the way west. And then there's two more streets. So I would assume maybe someone had intended those to be Avenue C and D but they had never got developed. That was in 1907. And So this is what we call a quad map. Actually this quad map is much larger. So I only cut out a small portion of the quad map. This is the site Mordenville quad map. And it's the oldest quad map that I could find. And it shows what Youngsoil looked like in 1939. It shows Avenue A, Avenue B, the church street. And this next map is a blow up. So this is a blow up at the map that I just showed you. Which interest it does a lot of it. I love maps by the way. Again I can spend a weekend looking at maps because in this map it shows the area we're going to talk about tonight. But it also shows a railroad track towards the lower left side of the drawing. It shows a railroad coming in from New Arbiteria. And then off of that rail, off of that main railroad it also shows a spur that goes off. You'll see it toward the top left side. Yeah. And it's pretty much as to where City Hall is today. So that's all the old maps that I want to show you. Now what I want to show you are recent activities that we've had in the downtown in downtown Youngsoil. Obviously City Hall. City Hall was established and built in the building we're in tonight. Street scape came along and improved on Lafayette Street and more recently on church street. Then Foster Park. Foster Park was a parish park at one time. Now it's a city of Youngsoil Park. All of these improvements were paid for by the City of Youngsoil. In the city, the school board made great improvements to Green tea, Latin school. And as we all know, there's a huge addition being done to St. Anne Catholic Church. Additionally, there's been some private investments. This is what I call the Royalville Development. There was a developed by Mark Maurey and Cecil Little. So from here, I'll take you to a tour that I did over the last couple of weeks. Just taking photographs of different parts of the neighborhood. As I'm going through the series of neighborhoods, a photos of the neighborhood, I want you to keep in mind that these are photographs of buildings and objects, but they're part of the neighborhood. When we work with a neighborhood, a developer may come along and make improvements to a single parcel. But when he does that, he or she does that, it obviously raises the property value of that parcel. But if it's a well-done development, it also raises the property values of the things around that parcel. His hope is that it becomes contagious, that making those improvements will encourage someone else to make similar improvements. And when that happens, it raises his property values. So it's kind of a give and take thing. And if you can get that going, then all of the property values of the neighborhood happens. The same thing happens when something bad happens to a parcel. If someone does it maintain their property. It lowers that property's property value, but it also lowers the property value of the people, the property around that. And so keep in mind as I'm showing you these photographs. Ask yourself, what is that property doing? What is that property? What is that image? What is the item in that image doing for the property value around him? So as we go through here, I'll tell you, there are some beautiful homes. There's some beautiful homes, beautiful yards that are extremely well maintained. And you ask yourself, what does it do to the property value of the neighborhood? What are the things that struck me? Look, these photographs aren't arranged in any particular order. So you'll be able to make your own decisions as to how you feel about the various photographs. What are the things that struck me when I'm visiting that neighborhood is the abundance of trees and vegetation? I keep in mind a map. We just showed that some of most of this area was developed before 1939. Before I talked to John Bruce or today in John told me that his, their first development was, their first subdivision was Copperfield. And he couldn't remember the dates either, but he thought it was in the 80s. So up until the 80s, almost everything around Young'sville was what? There was sugar cane. There were no trees. And so you go to Copperfield, you go to Copper Meadow, and you go to pretty much all of the subdivisions around Young'sville. There's no trees, except trees that were planted after the subdivision was started. The exception is this neighborhood. There's beautiful trees, there's mature trees, and not just trees. There's a lot of vegetation. Look at this particular house, beautiful vegetation behind it, but also in front of it. There's a mix of housing types. You know, this particular house is, I call it a pre-World War II building. So pre-1940s, it's wood-framed wood-siding built on piers. Some of the other houses that we'll look at, some of them are brick, some of them are wood-siding, but they're built on the slab. They're ranch-style. They're very horizontal forms. There is a style that we call a ranch style. Very horizontal, but the big difference is it's built on the slab. We'll see some of that as we go through here. Look at this little house, you know, the the decabely and there's brackets of the holding, holding up that extension of the roof. Look at that front roof. It's got a a gentle slope to it. It's a fine house. It's a really a nice house. And when I ask myself, what does that do to the property values around it? I'll let you answer that question. I'll let you answer the question again. You know, this is unusual. Another 1943, 1940s, well-built, well-maintained, well-loved. You know, somebody loves his house. They're taking good care of it. This is a new, I'm told, this is a new structure, but it fits. It fits the neighborhood. It's got some, I call this sort of a Akkadian architecture that roofed that slope, that real steep slope roof. Very neat. And I'm told it's relatively new. The streets are interesting too because they're not real wide and so they're not asking for a lot of traffic. There are sidewalks in parts of the neighborhood, but not everywhere. Some places, there's a sidewalk on one side and not on the other side. So it's a little inconsistent, but there are some sidewalks. Overhead utilities or, yeah, overhead power lines. You know, this old girl has, gives me hope. There's hope that that house, that building could be salvaged. It looks solid. It may be prepping for a paint job. If not, it needs a paint job, but it looks solid and it looks like at least I'm hoping someone is preparing to give it a makeover. One of the things that I see when I drive around is these four red signs. That concerns me in the sense that it, some of the things there and some of the things being built or built for it, it encourages a transient neighborhood. It encourages people who are going to live there for a short time, but there are invested in the neighborhood and that's a concern. That's something that I hope that we can address. So, in summary, what I'm seeing in the neighborhood is distressed. I see fluctuating property values. Much, much of it is the neighborhood as a whole is in need of a makeover. It's not only the individual parts, but the whole, the whole neighborhood is in need of a makeover. She was once beautiful, but has not aged gracefully. In fact, she doesn't know who she is anymore. So, how do we help her? How do we re-ignite the appeal that she once had? Maybe not the same charm that she once had, but one that respects her past while addressing today's lifestyles. I would suggest to you that the answer begins with the good news that the civic and private improvements that have been made nearby have created interest from developers to build there. How to manage that development in a way that protects and enhances the neighborhood is where we are tonight. Currently, it appears that there are not enough tools to protect the neighborhood. By that, I mean ordinances and ordinances to protect the neighborhood example. If someone wanted to build or open a used car lot in that neighborhood, they could. So, the ordinance that we have in place now would allow that. So, it needs to be reworked, revised, and address the neighborhood that we all want. So, I suggest that we need to address some of the ordinances already on the book, possibly add some new ones to respect the historical nature and ambience of the neighborhood. The challenge, however, is not to over-correct and thereby kill the developer's interest in the neighborhood. So, I don't have any specific ordinances, ordinance amendments recommendations tonight, but I do have some places to start a dialogue with the residents and the developers, and they include what I call an architectural code. And I see two architectural codes. One for non-residential, one for residential. The non-residential code should encourage pedestrian-oriented buildings, buildings that are close, built close to the street. Parking in the rear are on the side of the building, and if it's on the side, the parking should be hidden from the street. The materials should be materials that were available before 1940. Colors should be muted, glass should be clear. The forms, the building should be small scale, vertical proportions, and encouraged mixed-use buildings, so that if we have retail on the first floor, if someone living on the second floor, that's perfect. That's ideal. A couple of examples, I'll show you the one photograph on the left is Nakatish, Louisiana. That's a stretch, okay? That's not tomorrow, that's not even next year, but wouldn't it be great to have our street that engage, that actives? The photo on the right is something I pulled off of Google and I think it was labeled a coffee shop. That's doable. That's doable, right away. Another example of an architectural code, these are two hotels. The one on the left belongs to your Naina State Highway or four lane highway. The one on the right is designed to fit a, I call it a, a boutique hotel, so it would fit in a downtown setting. The forms, the materials, the parking is hidden. The other architectural code that I would hope that we can develop is one that addresses residential. And most of the streets that we're talking about tonight, Avenue Zabie and the one by Foster Park are really right for residential development. Some of the same rules would apply, but again residential oriented on site parking, on site parking for enough cars for the residents who live there and for visitors, on site parking. I can't say that enough. It's really not fair for a development to happen and then to use the street as parking. Now, is that going to happen on occasion? Yeah. You know, it happens at my house on Christmas when I have the big extended family couple. Okay. Does it have a never weekend though? So, so on site parking is critical. Parking in the rear or the side of the building, the garage doors should not face the front, should face the side or the rear. Materials, all the materials before 1940, muted colors, clear glass, the forms, pitch roof, vertical proportions, front porches, front porches. I can't say that enough. Really critical, really important and ticket tenses. So, here's a few examples. All of these are, you know, would fit, they would fit in that neighborhood. They would enhance. What would they do to adjacent property owners? Raised adjacent property owners. That's the goal. You know, is to raise adjacent property owners be kind to your friend, be kind to your neighbors. You know, back in the, in the old days, my grandparents days, when people lived in this kind of neighborhood close together, I remember when I was growing up, our next door neighbors weren't related to us, but they felt like family. You know, when, when my dad was a contractor and the house we lived in was very well built. And so, whenever that was a hurricane, the neighbors from across the street would come over. It was almost fun. I mean, you know, we dreaded the hurricane. We could barely hear it on the transistor radio, you know, because electricity was out there. But the whole, the whole neighborhood would come over and why? Because it was family. I mean, they were related to us, but they were probably closer than some people that we were related to. You know, there was, and that's what that neighborhood, that kind of neighborhood can, can make happen. And that's, that's what I hope that we can bring back. So, let me see what's next. So, so another, another vehicle that we need to address is, and, and the mayor addressed this earlier, that I helped write the performance land use ordinance. And the performance land use ordinance is based on, first of all, it's not zoning. Zoning, and my mind is a very negative thing because it tells you what you can't do with your land. You can't do this. You cannot build a beauty shop in your front yard. You cannot build a grocery store on, on your property. You cannot, you cannot do all of these things as zoning. The performance land use allows you to do anything you want with your property as long as you don't adversely affect your neighbors. Okay, so it's a very permissive, a permissive, a permissive way of managing growth and is based on two great principles, a American principle of freedom, to do what you want with your land and the Christian principle of do on to others as you would have them do on to you. There's some tweaking that needs to happen to their ordinance. And so, I'm hoping that in the next phase of this work, we will, we will get to that. My hope tonight is to open dialogue with the residents and the developers to achieve a goal of breathing your life into the church treat neighborhood. I hear her crying for help. She's reached out. She reached out at a meeting what two, three months ago. She reached out with those trash that was on the roads when I drove around. She's reaching out to us and asking her for help. Additional discussions have had need to happen after tonight, but they can start tonight with the residents. That's essential. Without their input, the results will not be successful. However, the residents need to understand that the developers are part of the solution. They're not the problem. Similarly, we need discussions with developers as paramount. But their investments need to be blended with the values of the residents. They need to keep in mind that the residents will be the guardians of their investments. Final words. The young's road church treat neighborhood is not unique. I live in one almost exactly like it in Carrencro. Right next to my house is a trailer, a very dilapidated trailer, and then a shack that's probably 10 by 20 that someone used to live in until it was condemned. I see the same neighborhoods in Scott, in Brobridge, in Broussard, and folks that's across the country. It's not just Young's Road, but the advantage that Young's Road has in trying to solve the problem is the civic and private investment activity that you've had recently. Because of that, developers are interested. There's an interest. There's no interest in Carrencro. None. When I, when I need to sell my house, maybe I'll die. Maybe it's my children going to need to sell my house. They're not going to get prime dollar. They could get someone could buy the same amount of square footage in a subdivision around Carrencro and they're going to pay a whole lot more money than they will pay for my house. So either I have a problem if I try to sell or my kids will have a problem when they try to sell. I suspect some of you residents are in that same scenario right now. We need to fix that. We need to fix it while we can while we have the opportunity. Should crime be help? Let's let's work together to try to make that happen. Mayor, thank you. Well, thank you, Mr. Lynn. We're all here because we love Young'sville. I'm excited to hear some of your feedback. Again, I know that we have comments, but I would like to yield the floor and hear first from you. Whoever would like to go first or if you'd like to reserve, we can keep talking also. Let me maybe share one thing and then whenever someone wants to speak, just raise your hand on technology and please come forward. As Mr. Lynn said, one of the things that is so exciting for us right now is that there's a lot of interest in your neighborhood. And that's exciting. That's exciting for me because as our cities grow, we've really strive to grow the community together. And I believe it's important to some of the investment that Lynn alluded to. But I also think it's because of because we've been fortunate to have great property owners. We've been fortunate to have great developers. I'm also reminded that we have come this far without having zoning. So performance land use, I think, has really solved that dilemma for us. But we've made it this far because when we see that we have an issue, we've come in with an ordinance. When we saw we were having too many of the same cookie cutter style neighborhoods, we've slowly increased those standards in guidelines. The ditches have to be closed. There has to be sidewalks. Today you have to have so much green space. The streets can't be longer than 1,500 feet without there being some sort of traffic calming device in it. Today garages have to be set back more than a minimum of 25 feet. Similarly, we saw we were getting a lot of interest in storage facilities. So the council opted to kind of, I equate it to when you're learning to swim. When I learned to swim, the swim instructor kept backing up. Similarly, we did that with storage units. The spirit of the land use ordinance wasn't to say you can't do it. What we did was say, hey, you can do it, but these are the conditions you'll have to meet. So today, it's unlikely, I think, that we'll see another storage unit in the foreseeable future because of those regulations. And then similarly, we were getting a lot of requests and a lot of interest for townhouses. What we did in response to that, and I have just a couple pictures that Lin didn't put up that I'll share with you. Maybe now might be an appropriate time to do it because we were getting a lot of interest in townhouses. So the council in our administration decided to, okay, well, let's realize that not everybody may need a three-bedroom two-bath house. So how do we answer that question for someone? And I believe we came up with a really pretty strong ordinance that regulates what's known as dense development, low density developments. So a couple things that are within that ordinance today are if you have a building of townhouses, there has to be unique facades. They have to, you can't just be like a boring plane, you know, a straight plane. Another one is, you have to have green space, you have to have garages. Now, I know you're maybe thinking that, well, some of what I'm seeing today doesn't have that. Well, that's because we haven't, in my opinion, probably given that ordinance time to work to where we can see the benefits of those changes that were enacted with the adoption of that ordinance. So when I speak about strengthening the strengthening of what we have and not over correcting, I just want to be cautious because I think we have a great opportunity. You have a great opportunity that there's interest in your neighborhood. I don't live in your neighborhood, you know, so I want to make sure that the way we're governing it, if it's not appropriate today, that we continue to strengthen it to give you something that, you know, you are going to feel comfortable living next to. And then also that you're going to be living. I think it's a valid point. I mean, what happens to your property after, after, you're not there? You know, it's interesting to me because I think that the one house that's one avenue way between fourth and, between fifth and railroad, I think is the only one that I can think of that's a new single family house, probably in the last couple of decades. And I might be missing one, but that's the only one that I can think of. I'll give you another example of how we've strengthened ordinances over time. Mobile homes. Mobile homes today, you have to be under 10 years old, and mobile home can only fit, excuse me, on a piece of property that has a 30 foot, what we've referred to as enhanced setback in all four directions. So a typical single family residential house in a normal neighborhood would be five feet from the side, and you can't build 20 feet from the front garage, just be 25 feet from the front and 10 from the back. Well, a mobile home has to be 30 feet in all directions. So with the spirit of the land use ordinance, you'd have to have a pretty nice size piece of property to have 30 feet in all directions to fit a new mobile home that's 10 years or less. If you have a mobile home now, that's your property, it's your home. Nobody wants their property typically to look. No one has more pride in their home than that home owner, so it's grandfathered as long as it's there. I'm talking about if you, if one's removed and a new one to come back in. These are just a few examples that I have of how ordinances have strengthened over time. Metal buildings, we were concerned that maybe there was going to be too many metal buildings, particularly on Stimammatory Parkway, you know, at the time. So, you know, now there's a requirement, and this is a, this is an interesting one because strengthen but not over correct. What we said was 51% has to be another material, not just metal, but there's a fine line between over correcting because I could point out a couple of buildings within our city that I think we all would take pride in that are more than 51% metal. So, we've really not wanted to limit the architectural creativity of professionals like Lynn who are who are an architect. One that comes to mind is CC's Coffee and Metery Center. That building I think is probably over 51% metal and in our current code, it may not really fit. The other one is Revive, the the the gem that's on fountain, fountain view and Iberia Street. I'm not sure that those building materials would really fit within that ordinance. So, we do have to be cautious, I believe, of not, you know, when my house was built in 2012, you know, everybody was doing basically the same color and you know, so there's issues, not issues. I mean, you go on a new neighborhood to everything's white. So, I want to be careful about not prescribing too in detail there that would in essence limit your house or limit your ability. Let me show you if I could just a couple of examples of what's inspired because I I believe the townhouse conversation is going to come up. So, I just want to show a couple of examples if I could. Yes. Okay, the the first one, this is an example of excuse my desktop. Oh, okay, good, you didn't see it. Oh, no. Oh, it's behind me. So, this is an example. Look, this is new. This is relatively new. So, again, it's not, it's not, you know, I'm not, we're here because we all love young people, not not passing judgment. But when there's demand for our product, we really said, hey, you know, this is, this is okay, but it's not really what we want to see more of. And for me, it wasn't because we didn't want to have townhouse development. We recognize that not everybody, again, needs a three-bedroom, two-bath DSLD house, you know, because some people are empty nesters, they're retirees, they're, they travel for work. Different generation may not want to have the maintenance. So, what's changed from this, that why this wouldn't be allowed today, is that long straight plane, you know, that, that just see a concrete no garage, you know, there's not really a lot of architectural element, you know, my opinion to this one. So, this couldn't happen today with our existing, with our existing ordinance. The next one, I'm going to show you another example of that. This wouldn't be able to happen today for two reasons. One, because it's one Iberia Street, which is designated as a, a major arterial, and on our major arterial, is the 200-foot depth. So, from the road, 200 feet is reserved for commercial property. And that basically is an effort, so that way we're not just a city of neighborhoods, that there's some commercial development happening here. The second reason I've really already touched on here, you know, this one doesn't have, you know, the garage is so forth like that here. So, what happened after this, like I'm going to call it phase, this is, those are two examples of, we saw interest in town homes. So, as we've done historically, we've said, let's strengthen what we have in the spirit of the land use, not by telling a developer no, but basically raising the bar. And that's when you saw us having, that's when you saw Avenue A, town homes come by. That's when you saw a development that's going to be going at Foster Park, at Fort Street. That's when you see the townhouses that are going up at the end of first street adjacent to Foster Park. Those, and I'm sorry, I don't have pictures of those today because I think you'll, you know which ones, you live in the neighborhood, you know which ones I'm talking about. Those, if you notice, there's a difference to them. Avenue A, town homes wouldn't happen today as you see them. For the simple reason of it, it's from corner to corner. So, our current ordinance, we wouldn't, wouldn't be allowed. The current ordinance allows 10 to 12 per acre, just to kind of give you a footprint. And I don't know the density of the ones that Avenue A. Now, I think that Avenue A, we had a public hearing, we heard some of your concerns and feedback about it when that neighborhood was, when that development was approved. What's interesting to me in looking at that development today, it's selling for $187 a square foot. That's more than I could get from my house in Copper Meadows just to let you, just to put a perspective. That development doesn't have garages, but it has car ports. So then we knew that we were doing this ordinance. So when, when, when at the end of first street near Foster Park came along, that one has garages. That one had to do, did get I think a variance on the density to where they were unable to do maybe one or two more than the actual density there allowed. And it was allowed because I think there was a, I believe there was a tree there that might have been said, I don't remember the particulars about that. What I would share with you is that we haven't seen a townhouse development. Well, we did actually, I'm going to show you an example of one. And I'm focusing on the townhouses simply because that is where we've had some development conversation within this particular area. So there's a particular lot at church in, church in fifth street. Going back a couple of years, this is what it looked like. So, you know, church, youngsville middles, everybody know where we are? Youngsville middles, you know, right kind of behind this way, this way. So this, this is at church in fifth, this particular lot is 67 by 165 feet deep. So this is what was there. I don't know why it says Abby though. It's not Abby. After that mobile home left, keep in mind, I've already said that a mobile home can't go back there because there wasn't enough, one enough space to put it. This is what that property look like. And it looked like this for some time there at that particular intersection. The grass was getting cut by the city. In your neighborhood, we have, I didn't bring the list here, but I think it was at least four or five, which known as a adjudicated properties there. That's where the property owner, that's not unique, you know, to any particular neighborhood. But in that small area, it's a lot to have four or five adjudicated properties. What that means is that the property owners walked away. They're not paying taxes. There's a waiting period. Hopefully it can get returned back in the commerce. But what happens in the meantime is we're cutting it and you're paying for it. That's what happens. So this was an example of before, you know, that property was cut there. The last one that I'm going to show you there is an example of what spurred this discussion. This particular building is a triplex. Has the garage is this particular building would take up 69 feet to have a triplex like the 69 feet. That lied if the tax assessor is correct, is 165 feet long on fifth street. So 165 feet long, and this would take up 69 feet of it. Before coming to this meeting, it's 0.254 acres. So we allow, I said, 10, you can do up to 12, but we 10 without having to go into another tier for a complication, but 10 town homes per acre. So on this parcel, you could do 2.5 town homes. So two doesn't work for the development according to the developer, but three does. So I guess one, the reason I'm showing these pictures and the reason we're having this side of neighborhood meeting is because these are the things I want you to think about. You know, with this, and look, I'm just sharing with you what the ordinance would be today. Now the only difference with the ordinance, the ordinance would allow 2.5 of these units on this particular lot. There was a concern about parking. As you can see, there's a single car, garage, and a single car driveway. There was enough space here to where we could have required three or four off-street parking on that lot because it was a hundred, it's 165 feet long. One caveat of this particular ordinance with the with multi-dense developments is that the council wants to make sure that we got the ordinance right. So even if, even if a development today that is a town home development, even if it meets the ordinance, it still has to come here for the council members to decide if they want it or not. Had that not been in that ordinance, 2.5 town homes, administratively we would have rounded it up to three and this would have been permissible. I don't recall if there was other factors on here because this was a couple of months ago. On the backside, I didn't take a picture of it here, but on the backside, the second story, windows, the ordinance requires them to have bermuda shutters. So this is the window of bermuda shutters, what sticks out like this. So basically if you're in the adjacent yard, you don't have that feeling of somebody looking down on you and it achieves having daylight still into the upstairs unit. So I'm trying to spur your feedback to because we need direction to know, if the council gets a vibe of where we're going with this, we were, we can, if nothing else, potentially maybe modify the ordinance to say, you know, hey, if it meets the parameters, it doesn't have to come back, you know, before the council. My goal and not just specific to your neighborhood, but our goal is we want to be easy to do business with, not at the expense of getting in it wrong, but we want to be easy to do business with and be able to work with developers from concept to CO, certificate of occupancy. One order for us to be able to do that, we need to know what rules are we following to share with developers to be able to do so. Yes, sir, please. I'm going to admittedly, I came to this thinking we were about to make a vote for Maggula, and I'm one of the developers in the downtown area developed Avenue A. I was a part of the Metery Center development, and also with Sugar Mill Pond, the Newtown Homes next to crossing the pond. Admittedly, when I was preparing, I thought we were going to have a vote to where it was just going to be single family homes. I'm trying to tone it down here, but so the biggest thing for us is, you know, we've invested heavily in this area over the last several years. We're betting on Young'sville. We love Young'sville. We receive the growth. And when we purchase most of our property or all of our property, it was under the new ordinance. Besides Avenue A, everything was after the new ordinance in 2022. So the biggest thing there was, you know, it's like, you know, we invest in this area and for things to just dramatically turn to a yes or no vote is something that we felt was unfair. And then too, you know, every time we have a development, we come and we usually do a pre-development meeting. I usually contact Kin and like, hey, you know, can we sit down and meet with everyone and see if this is in line with the vision of Young'sville? And we respect that. We want to be in line with the growth of Young'sville. And in the event, it doesn't align. The council still has the ability to cancel it. So that was my main point if we were ever to get to, you know, a place where we're like, hey, only single families are allowed in this area. Those would be my arguments is that you could still with the current ordinance in place and zoning structure, we can still turn down if it's not something that is in line with the vision. And then you brought up townhomes, I guess, to give everybody some more clarity on why probably townhomes are coming up more than normals because townhomes are a single family product. So it's from a financing perspective, it's the same as a single family home on the secondary market for financing. So, you know, it's typically people would build a town home with the intention to sell in it for a family or anyone. Now that you can't prevent someone from buying it as an investment and put it up for rent, but that's the difference between a condo and an apartment. Those are usually built for rent from the start. So that's probably why you're seeing more of this product. So it's technically a single family home from that perspective. So, I mean, that's the biggest thing about, you know, creating a zoning restriction, you know, one property can be 50 feet from another site and it would warrant a totally different zoning because that one's more suited for commercial site or a mixed-use site versus another one that's tucked in, surrounded by some other homes might demand a single family home. So I just think a blanket, you know, structured that bands, you know, any type of attached development would just would not be fair and times up. Thank you. One thing that, Miss Di, please come on up. One thing that has been, I think, that we should add to the suggestion bank is, you know, often when we're having these pre-development meetings, you know, we'll know if it's going to be a rental product or not. And the reason I know, like you can go across the entire city in any neighborhood and we'd have nothing that's preventing anyone from bringing their property throughout the city. If maybe a particular homeowners association may discourage it, but we don't have anything in our city that does it. But we typically know at the time that in the pre-development meeting, because they'll tell us, oh, I'm not, I'm going to keep it all plated as one. I'm going to keep it all plated as one meeting that it's not going to be subdivided. I'm going to keep it all plated as one. And then the other, the other clue that I look for is water meter. Oh, no, we're just going to do, we'll just do one water meter and that's going to be what included in the rent. Well, if you think about it, when there's one water meter, that's one, that's keeping the cost down for the developer because they're not having to do multiple tie-ins with drives, the development cost up. The other thing, if they have to subdivid each parcel as if it could be for resale, that's also driving the cost up because that's another professional, they have to pay to do it. So, you know, in my thought, you know, should there be a concern about that? Again, I'm not trying to solve a problem that I don't know what it is. But if that is a concern, we have tools that we can do to at least prepare the property for individual sale. But same as we do in any other neighborhood, should they rent it? I mean, we don't have, we don't know that. So, Miss, Miss, Miss, come on. Yeah. I'm Deanna Montgomery and I live on Church Street. And, first, I'd like to know, do we in the village get a chance to vote on this ordinance? I'll be happy to answer that. There's no ordinance of this. Well, that you're trying to make here that you're talking about. What we're talking about is, should there be more? Should we do more? Right. And we would only know that based on the feedback from you. Well, here's the feedback. You know, from a few of my my sitters, you know, that I'm sitting by, we're all from the village. One lady's been here 74 years. My neighbor's been here 90 years. What you're trying to do is push progress into the village by having these developers come in and build townhouses. So, you're trying to get us in the village to accept new development. And that's what I'm understanding on this. And that's how Matt, he just showed up because he's talking about developing single family residents. Yes, it would be nice to get, you know, better value to the property. So, some are dilapidated by a green. But these are these people's homes. And they've been here 70 and 90 and 50 years. And you're trying to come in and bring your progress into the village. A lot of us don't care for that. You know, so this agenda maybe needs to be maybe we need more time to understand what you're trying to do. We know what you're wanting to do, but we don't accept it. You know, Mr. Gidry, you spoke of we, you know, and wanting to architect a cute little village. Does that mean removing mobile homes? Does that mean removing trees? When I bought here three years ago, the value of my property is very low. Just because Sugarmail Pond came up in the pond, my insurance has quadrupled the value of my property. Well, I like it regarding taxes because see what property value height and so will our taxes be heightened. So, you're trying to bring these townhouses and developers in there. And are we going to have much of a sale on that? Like you did on avenue A, or with the new townhouse, I'm not sure if it's AB, fifth, fourth, third, but with this new development, are we going to have a say whether you allow developers to come on in? That's a question, sir. There's no there's no proposed development tonight, just so you know. I'd like to know, were you here for to get more information about developing within the village, within downtown? For downtown? His developments are already built now. So, you see, you're trying to bring your progress into the village. You're going to take away what these people have had for 75 and 80 years. And that pile of trash along the side well? Why hasn't the city picked that up? It was picked up same day. Okay, so the property value just kind of went up a little bit because the trash is gone. You know, I feel like the city needs to do their part in cleaning up. Anyone else want to talk about the village? It's okay. Well, that's how I feel about it. You asked an I told you. I know my colleagues might want to say something too. I just wanted to chime in for a second. Not just for everybody. Okay. The mayor, I thought the way he explained it was very clear, but right now, there's very few restrictions on what can be developed in the area of downtown. All right. The council, the mayor, we're trying to get the residents. A lot of you that I've known for a long time involved in this conversation to see what do we need to do to tweak the ordinance as is? Do we need to do any other restrictions? Are you okay with some things? We're trying to find out because the last thing we want to do is have 10, 15 lots with three story, two story town homes apartments. And you're here two years from now wondering why did you let that happen? So getting you all involved in this conversation is very important because I hear from many of you all don't forget about Old Young'sville. Don't forget about Old Young'sville. We're here tonight because we're not forgetting about Old Young'sville. Mr. Goulas here because he does own multiple properties down there. He has developed stuff because we wanted to quote unquote test that see how it looked down there. I think they've been a good job where they had, but we recently stopped the development because we were concerned. And that's what led to councilwoman Sean Pine and councilman Varas to get this tonight to happen. So this is more about there's nothing on the agenda of the vote on. There's no ordinance out there right now to vote on. It's to find out what can we do to work with y'all to move forward? Well a lot of us don't know what the ordinance exactly is except by what we're being told a little bit tonight. Yeah and that's what we need to just review the ordinance of the city before being able to really give opinions. But as far as opinions right now and some people don't care to get a parent speak for whatever reason. Well thank you Miss Mike. I say a lot of you. There's also by allowing the bell first right here. There's a couple of other people saying to speak. Great. Well I'm glad because this lady's been her way long. Just hi my name is Rose. Do y'all and I have a question that might might not be quite as pertinent as you might expect but I'm going to say it anyway because it's my concern. A lot of the public property that belongs to the city right away I'm going to give you an example. Right next to Jackie Longland's house there's a lot. She lives the house beyond the corner of well right across from the old police station. That corner on the on the on the end there on the corner of fourth and avenue B belongs to the city. That lot is hardly ever moved unless somebody really raises cane. I walk every morning I see that on the corner of that lot there you can't even walk on the sidewalk and people are also allowed to park their cars. Now that doesn't concern the developers and what we're talking about but if the city is so interested in beautifying the or the people the how do you say the y'all y'all are interested y'all want our feedback. Why aren't you interested in cleaning the ditches or putting concrete culverts where they're needed in the city and mowing the grass and not leaving it all over the sidewalks that you can't even walk on it. I agree with with some areas need to be cleaned up. I totally agree with that but there's more to it than that inside of our town inside of the city limits the the old city old town let's say. We are the last ones to get our garbage picked up on pick on pickup days and if they don't pick it up on Friday due to the weather or the whatever we get picked up the next week. Why? It seems like the neglect is more and more in the inner city what we're talking about the old part of town yet you're interested in bringing in new stuff. I know they're growing pains growing pains are just that pains when you're growing. I understand but what you can take care of it doesn't seem like y'all are taped. I say y'all you know what I mean I don't I'm not accusing anyone particular person right here but it needs to be addressed more than it has been addressed and that's mainly my concern. You know like I said growing pains are just that pains when you're growing this is going to happen and I think that we can work on that in an amicable way. You're listening to us we're listening to you. I know people want to build they want to upgrade they want to make young people look better but work on what you have instead of trying to work on what's going to come in the future so much and I think that that would be a great thing for this town. That's all. Thank you. Thank you. Hello my name is Sandra I just have a question what is the um like the new land use I need to know like what is the time frame for that you know what is that going to be put into play because I know you'll say this is the hit y'all trying to get something like for the historic district into the land use and I just don't want it to know what is how would I say it um how long would it be before something like that goes into effect. Well I think we're we're trying to just gather feedback about if what actions if any need to be taken that's what I do have something to say. They know a lot that you were showing I was born and raised there that's where my house used to be with the one on the fifth street on the corner but I just my question is how many more townhouses are y'all going to let come here I mean I see it every day I mean like I said I've been here all my life and I watch it play out every day with the traffic it's a madhouse I mean there's a one way where where I'm at on the corner you have traffic coming from young'sville middle going this way leaving young'sville middle you have green tea living traffic and then you have people coming down the one way now you got all this traffic from all these townhouses I mean when is it how many more development y'all gonna have I mean when is when is it gonna stop that's all I mean I want to know at what point are you gonna say okay you can't tell people what to do okay but we have enough townhouses I mean it's just too much I mean this is a historic district but it's like you're taking away from it with all of this stuff and I understand you want to enhance it but to mean it has to stop somewhere because it's really too much it really is too much I'm saying I'll see it every day just like this morning I went to bring my grandkids to school traffic was backed up way past the car wash I had to go all the way around about south side high school to bring them to St. Cecilia I couldn't get there so when the new developments are gonna come people are gonna start moving in you're gonna have to leave at four o'clock in the morning to go to work when does it stop that's all I want to know I mean I understand progress you have to make progress you cannot stay stagnated and I know the city has to move I've been here from a village to town into the city I've been here you know I'm saying but it's just really out of hand and everybody comes here it's self-serving to them I don't I didn't hear anybody say well let's see if in our elders maybe need help to fix their dilapidated homes that's falling apart maybe some people don't have money they own fixed incomes just like my parents I mean but just don't say like the city is just trash on the part where we live there's older people live there and they do need help and the stuff that I'm saying and it's like everybody that come and develop is self-serving but I don't hear anybody saying let's help the people let's see what they need there what their needs it's not me me me what I need and let me try to get up let me get my money up you know quick fast and a hurry I just want to know when does it stop because I really have enough I really do I'm tired of seeing it it really is too much traffic I mean you'll do a traffic study for everything that's a traffic study for everything it's a traffic study being done to all these townhouses that's coming I mean really the the issue the issue with traffic is that you have two schools in a very small area that are no longer neighborhood schools and there's a you know when it was when they were neighborhood schools a lot of people went to the neighborhood school now they're larger areas schools that are coming in not as many people use the bus as you know I know and it's like I said I'm just saying I mean I understand you you have to move forward it's progress I mean life doesn't stay just in one spot I get it but I just wonder like one is somebody gonna say okay we have enough well we you know I recall I mean vividly I mean Mayor Vietaar told me he says once you stop growing you start dying yeah so I mean that's something that I think about you know because I want to see a vibrant church street I want to see somebody reopen and someone is where our leans is but in order to have people that want to trust me I do want to see people to live there to spend money at our lanes I remember the times in shanty remember to that was nothing here for us I mean I do appreciate people coming here we grew up here there was nothing they would call it a sticks it was nothing here for us and I mean I do appreciate people coming in but it's just to say I mean it's just it's like they're all on top of us and it's like okay we just breathe for them that's all I'm saying I love you all thank you for coming tonight and a voice in your concern I just had a couple of questions so as far as the you're asking about the ordinance that which one are we gonna put in place it when that's gonna be there's already a lanyard ordinance an ordinance in place today this is more or less for us to get your feedback on how you want us to currently tweak the existing ordinance as it is today and how do we see it fit from today going forward and what do we how do we want that to be used okay as far as the what did you mention to me as far as the properties being dilapidated as if we're focusing on one part of town I don't think it's per se that you know we have that all over town I mean even in my neighborhood there's homes that are dilapidated the difference is that there's an actual way that we pay for that governs that versus y'all don't have that so you would fall into the city ordinance um which that currently gets you know adhered to but as far as you know you want to know what's you know when's it gonna stop I guess my question to you would be is what's the 12th of here tonight is what do you want to see because if it's if it's you want it to stop then what what do you intend to go into that place because if it's nothing then it's just a vacant lot but if you want to see something that what is that something I mean I don't want to be in something but say for instance down the street where my mama lives in the back part the yard he wanted to put three there if he wanted to put like three what it was I guess do the little duplex three individual homes okay I get it that you you have to put something there but why it has to be something such of a large magnitude and to call so much traffic that's what I'm just saying I mean why just like at the I don't know what they're gonna do with the corner probably for the same reason that no one's bought that lot since I was a child and walking to Grantee London it hasn't developed since then yeah because there's no there's no there is no one who has the monetary or the funds to be able to develop this property to what they want and if they did then they would have done it by now or someone in there would have fun you talking about any of them any any vacant lot that's either been acquired by the city or has sat and stagnant vacant since even I was a kid and then there was a mobile home put on it and then it was hauled off and then it's just sat overgrown and sat stagnant which to me that's that's negative on you like on y'all's you know in the in the neighbor I don't want y'all to have a negative you know outlook or an overgrown lot to just be overgrown and sitting stagnant that that shouldn't take place in that in that historical district so for me when you know we hear a lot about you know we want it to stop it's like well okay well let's stop then but what what do you want to happen and like I said I don't mind progress you have to but I'm just saying if you're gonna put something there that's fine but then again it's like like I said when they come and they want to develop something it's not something that's just minimal everything is just on a grand scale you you know better than I do you know that's traffic and the core and then how's it gonna be on the corner you tell me Lindy how's it gonna be well thankfully with our Alainia Sortins everything requires a drainage study and a traffic impact analysis so everything's gonna require it's how many cars can fit on a lot how many how many vehicles are even allowed to even be in that development so that town home only allows two cars per development it's so different than you know in the center of the someone building a you know one home in that lot per se and having five cars in the driveway okay yeah because the trailer that was there before they had 50 people living right so this governs a little bit further where they build a duplex but only two cars are allowed per duplex then we were able to govern that a little bit more versus if someone builds a home and they put five cars there we'll hum like I'm gonna control that okay and I do have something else to say since this area where I live is getting more it's can we do something with the streets we have no lines on the street to tell people because say for instance like when I'm I'm going going on the corner people getting mad at me they thinking there's a one-way street there's not a one-way street can we get something that lets people know since y'all gonna develop that side of town let's do it right let's put markets on the street let people know there's a right land you know right side and the left side of the street those streets nothing has ever been done to those streets if I've been living there Sandra come on we that we've worked on several the streets there's been new signage there's there are one way is going in different direction to lessen the traffic but no no that's not a problem but I'm talking about the street itself to let people know that needs to be markets on the street let people know what side to be on they think it is a one-way it mean just like even right now with the the one way you start to make it yes and I'm not not on green tea no no that's not what I'm talking about because we've worked on stuff and I get it I'm not in no way bashing you about anything no no no that's not what I'm saying I'm just simply saying something has to be done because somebody's going to get killed on that corner that's all I'm simply saying I see it every day and and just what they want to clarify with the council of the mayor we are not bringing these developments they're brought to the city they go through the mayor's office for discussion and make sure they follow that ordinance and at the end of the day it's in front of us and that's why y'all you're seeing some things that are being done like the townhomes potential do but I'm not saying but that's why it's like hey we had to take a pause because we need to know like what do you want I mean it's either we go door to door and you know sit hours in your house and drink coffee or we have a meeting like this and I know you welcome me that's I appreciate that are all of us but we we need to feedback like Lindy said that's what we want we want to know hey we don't want to see anything three four stories you know I've got a story do you know because of my neighborhood and I've you know got very aggravated about it and we came to a compromise on it but you wouldn't want that you know you there's certain things that you don't want in your neighborhood let us know miss my go miss my gomry unless you're gonna come up to the front please there's people that are watching streams okay but that's all I have to say like I said it's just busy and y'all know what I'm talking about it's crazy about foster park it's just crazy I mean in like I said in no way I'm bashing anybody that sitting on the council I mean I have a working relationship with everybody I have a problem I come to you let you know what's going on it's just so much on that in a town miss keel just I mean school just got back in I mean during the summer I'm sure you notice a difference with not as much traffic not as much traffic but people still coming in the wrong way on for one week but school traffic summer is not bad it's not bad it's just school it's all it is yeah school traffic yeah school traffic school traffic oh that's all right thank you I appreciate you guys thank you miss the long I sit you know has a few sets on there that you can up on there for them so I can help them to better understand what a developmental project you know what it entails brand long lenae I own two eleven first street in young's bell so I've been working for three years on a property it was formerly mister freeman's property still has the cinder block building and it's a hotel development I worked with the city got all my permits got all the variances that I needed to construct but the biggest question that every lender has come to is where is downtown young's go going you mentioned the word village young's village no longer village what's inside there we really have to have a conversation about where do you want it to go and that's the purpose of this meeting so commercial development is not happening it it's all just like she said and other people development of single-family homes or town homes I'm the only commercial development that I've heard of in that particular area that's trying to build something that would bring inhabitants to the city for a transient amount of time um my question to the city council and everyone in here is is the only intention of downtown young's bill an old royal bill to be now a suburb of a suburb or do you want actual development like he showed you a picture in Nacadish that you can walk the streets and you can have individuals that are around it who can share the city and utilize it with its inhabitants because downtown is intended to be walked that's what downtown's are for to be walked they're not to be driven on they're not to have cars they're they're they're to be walkable areas in the current landscape that exists right now that that's what's proposed I I have over a hundred fifty thousand dollars in infrastructure that's missing from there and I went to the city and I got you know funding that would help with everything around it but whatever's on that interior is from 1920 everything that's on inside has to be developed by that particular development water sewage um a landscape uh that it would include our attention pond for a half an acre I mean I think those things that that's the dialogue that I was hoping to hear here is do the people that are here tonight and the people in that particular location want to see commercial development and that's my question well I think one thing that that's worth pointing out I mean this corner property was for sale for over a year over a year probably at least at least and I think I think I'm I think I'm being conservative by saying over a year I mean which is my point about there's not been a new home constructed in this in this area I'd love to see it I'd love to see it I mean but but that you miss long enough you bought the house looking to the right didn't you I mean looking at the property didn't you buy the house to the right as well the free that that that's a that's a that's a that's just a friend of a friend okay so that property is now being utilized as an Airbnb was renovated and was unable to be sold correct so now it sits as a transient housing like he explained that hopefully will turn over for that particular developer who is a house flipper his intention was never to build something commercial now I have hesitancy because I'm not seeing anything in the interior the village as she described where you see growth that is going to attract people to come to a hotel outside of the Young'sville sports complex and the banks also see that which gives me an occupancy of Thursday Friday and Saturday but their hesitancy is related through on Sunday through Thursday and they're pushing back on a 70 70% occupancy on 12 units now there's a feasibility study that Young'sville paid for that says we can hold 35 units I mean I've yet to see you know through my time driving around during the week knowing owners of individual businesses tads other locations where there is a lot of traffic in those locations that you see people coming there so for a whole from a hotel perspective to get people to come here we have to have things that they're going to want to do there and I think that's the the dialogue how are we trying to set that up in the future correct okay I'm I'm posing you back to them now I'd really like to understand do they want that to be a suburban area or do they want it to be a commercially developed space that has people that there's places to go and things to do outside of the shaman-metery business corridor and that location more of us closes at 8 p.m. that would be the only thing that a hotel inhabitant could go to outside of getting in their vehicle because it's not a walkable area I can't have a hotel occupant who can go to the Rouse's area without getting in the vehicle and I'm really trying to cater to walkability that's all I got well we appreciate you buying that owner to to try to bring some life to it thank you for installing it job is questions not right now but we miss Boris I just wanted to say that yes that area to me is residential there is commercial availability but that commercial availability to me would be church street Lafayette street that's the walkability when we were growing up was to the schools to our neighbors to the park and I understand you're trying to get your customers to be able to go to commercial walkability areas I think the mayor has done well with trying to do the connectivity from the sports complex to that area to the sports complex and yes there's not a lot of commercial directly connected to the sports complex area I think it's coming that way hopefully but no the area you're talking about first street second third fourth fifth railroad Jacques yeah I would consider Jacques residential avenue a and b I consider that residential not necessarily no I'm not going to tell you everything around here there is no zoning that's a concept now that's it's part of the it's part of the land yeah really did that in 2013 okay Mr. Coma hey Jamie Coma to answer this gentleman's question I think like Miss Shannon said I think Lafayette street church street originally that was our commercial development right as you can see in his photo he had up there Mr. Freeman had a little I think it was a black cement shop at one time so maybe down that that part of first street right that would be your commercial area the parts that we're talking about the residents have expressed concern over building condominiums is I think the area that they don't want commercial development they don't want the the condominiums my question is maybe Mr. Lin can answer this maybe these gentlemen can't why are we have such an interest in building these triplexes duplexes the development it's multiple developments is it because of cost yeah I think it all goes down to the beauty of the site if you know the only option was to take an existing structure and renovate it to flip the numbers just don't work and a lot of it has to do with some of the surrounding area you can't put a high-end home next to a trailer and I've just bought every site off purchase it's next to a trailer there's nothing to get trailers there's there's a place for them but I think there's a reason why they're not any new ones allowed to come in so that's why it makes it difficult one thing I would like to maybe open a dialogue on would be I think if the issue is attached homes and Mr. Giddy would probably know more about it is cottage courts where you know there's density involved so the numbers can work so there's the feasibility play but they're detached smaller you know a cadence style homes that would blend in with the area but you have they're a little bit closer together you have common areas where you know the houses face a common area but the only way to make that work would be to have the density allowed to make it happen and it's similar to kind of what I proposed on foster part but it would be you know maybe potentially sub the volume and you know have them be single family or I know a lot of cottage courts they aren't considered single family they're kind of they operate like a multi-family but they are detached and it could blend in with the area but as it sits there's nothing in the code for that I know Lafayette has it and I know a lot of growing cities do have that kind of structure in the code but just a thought. Not I think you bring up a great point with that I think that's why also the council was favorable to your to your development at foster park because of the location on a park to to have that product in our market. Right because at day to day I do care about compatibility like I just like I wouldn't do a high-end home next to a trailer so like you know I wouldn't you know develop unless you know I can get a big enough area that you know it becomes either its own little community within but to answer your question that's basically what it comes down to and I think you know the biggest point of you know making sure distress properties continue to get renovated or vacant properties with high grass become you know cleaned up it has to be feasible for the developer. Mr. Commode I would say look I bought and built my home in 2015 it's a little over two thousand square feet but at the time it was just me and my wife it just got married and you know we wanted to grow a family at home the only reason that I bought that home with that much square footage was simply because of the price point that it was being sold out to be built was just that low so I just I jumped on the opportunity but looking at it today had we you know decided to grow a family and sort of found me today I'd be moving into one of these just because of the price point I wouldn't need that much square footage and there's just nothing out there available my same home today even built by DSLD is two and a half times the cost I paid I think 2.13 9 was the was the base price and I think that home today is about four four 20 something something around there I mean it's astronomical so I think that what they're bringing is a much more feasible option for for families to really to get in there and and to and then to really enhance the downtown area versus it being a vacant lot they're creating in you know a space where people who live today that are y'all are here giving us the feedback those people will be here in 50 years doing the same thing you're doing here today you know it may look a little bit different but we have to start somewhere might we you know the LMA conference that we attend we've spoken with several mayors some other other areas does want to particular their population decreased this exact thing happened then and they rebuttled against it and their population decreased because no one was acceptable to change they just they fought at hardcore and then it just died the community died the population went down and it became very rural there was nothing enhancing the community and it just still fizzling away at least in my knowledge but you know we're here one to we want to work with everyone we want to create a happy medium and I I appreciate you coming explaining you develop and I'm hoping hopeful excited that his his hotel is fruition in the near future I think it's going to be a very vibrant area but as far as I think to relate to your answer a little bit about the commercial the zoning map does outline it clear as day as it was back then I don't see us putting a coffee shop smack dab in the center of avenue B but as far as the out here is the widest design today I think that's you know it fits exactly as we as it was designed before my time as we see it today so hope that kind of answers a little bit of Mr. Comrade not it's the town the interest in low density developments like townhomes isn't just in this particular neighborhood I mean your father's property we would already be developed if we allowed what everyone that came before your buyer wanted to do yeah so it's it's it's throughout I mean it's it's it's not really just unique to this area what's unique to this area is that I think what we heard Mr. Gidry say is that we have something that other communities don't have we have the interest yep in in developing it so we we have an opportunity to capture it and to and to and to make it into something that we can all be proud of and let me be clear for Miss Montgomery I'm not forced in progress on anybody ma'am I'm not the one who's selling any property to develop I own the same house that I that I bought I've owned one one house at a time for 20 years that I've been fortunate to live in Young'sville I'm not selling any property to make money off of it I'm not selling any property to develop you know where that comes from people that have been here for generations that are choosing to sell their property every 60 acre track at a time is that so that that's what's happened that's why Young'sville is developed my job is to manage it into into control the growth and progress but I would suspect the same reason you moved here three years ago is the same reason that I may have moved here as well because it's a great place to live but the moment and we're all here because we care but I want you to know we did deliver a notice to every resident of your neighborhood and I'm counting less than 10 of you that are here I'm counting not quite as many developers that own property there now so if if I'm going to have a takeaway from this to as the guy who has to try to balance this it's kind of hard to do because frankly there is no ordinance on the table everything that you've seen I've explained to you the progression of what had been allowed and what's not allowed anymore and how we've tried to raise the bar and raise the standard some of it because I've expressed I see one of our developers in the back Mr. Bryan Mr. Bryan knows doing business in Young'sville you come and you meet with this and believe me I mean you you could have made more money on your parcel had you not desired to do what you did I mean Mr. Bryan's decided to build a acre lied or half acre lied neighborhood that's taken five six years to build out this gentleman could have flipped it and had it sold three times over to be 60 by 120 starter home lots but but that product was brought here and successful because we've tried our best to manage it not because I've sold property or because you know frankly my job would be easier if I wasn't managing progress and development so I just think it would be a missed opportunity to stop that's I don't think stopping is the answer I think it's how do you how do you manage it and that's why we're here what can we do to help us so he was correct he is right who wants to who wants to build a high-end home next that trailer who wants to have who wants to buy a home that is the same type of home that is in the copper fields in the sugar mill bonds next to a trailer okay what can the city do to help us eliminate some of that property what can the city do to improve the streets the landscape of the streets man y'all did a great job on Lafayette street that a great job on church street I know that's a lot of expense the disadvantage we have in that area is we have what's there unlike a new development that come can come in put new sidewalks new grass new sod new lighting what the only way that that's going to happen is if the city takes control of that and does that now realize you've got to get grants I realize that's a lot of money but what can we what can the city do to improve that area to improve the traffic flow which we know that's kind of possible what can you do to improve the infrastructure of that area that would make these guys want to come in build a single home on a single lot and have someone come and make money at it that's what they're here for well started to interrupt your thought but you could sell your property for cheaper you know why a lot of stuff's not sold and develop more here because land value is pretty high oh it is so you know again this isn't something that I'm controlling I mean Mr. Longley can't make his numbers work on this project in park because of what he purchased the price side I'm sure you know in park so so in the grand sea the thing there was almost a two hundred thousand dollar he's a property for point nine nine eight so what but what could we do I think we can continue doing what we're doing and that is we as a city yeah young souls grown because of private development and then once the private development sign the developer donates it to the city and it becomes a city street but per square mile we've spent more on infrastructure in the heart of this community then I would venture to say we haven't any other part of the city excluding like shimmy mettery parkway because the streetscape project the sewer rehabilitation we have overlaid we didn't do first the fifth and a and b but we did church laugh yet we did jock street we did bang street we did school street I'm just thinking you know so we can keep doing what we're doing because I think what we do what we do it it it it's park's interest and private owners to do the same thing and what else we can do is when there's a dueticated properties we can go and we can cut the grass and maintain the grass so I agree the property on forestry didn't avenue b where the water well used to be last month we declared it a surplus because the city has no use for that property there was a water well on that property that was abandoned probably five years ago we have no use for that property so we declared it a surplus and it's being returned back into the fair market for free enterprise to take over that that that lot we no longer need it so there will be some body behind that lot that's going to come here and ask what can they do with that lot and that's why we're here today to say how can I strengthen that ordinance because it will be potentially a new development in your neighborhood mayor can I yes sir try to answer a couple of Jamie's questions one he asked about the infill why why is there interest in infill in that area and Jamie from from my perspective looking in I look at it as it's a cost thing that there's already utilities there there's already a street there and for a developer to go out on the edge of young'sville by property put in streets put in sewage put in water electricity everything it's already there and so if they're paying a little bit more then for vacant land on the edge of town it's still a good deal so I think that's one reason why you're seeing some interest in infill in addition to their improvements this building and the other improvements that have been done to counterbalance that though is that as as you saw in the slides some of the some of that area is really beautiful and some of it is not so to answer your second question as far as what could the city do I don't know exactly how but if there was some type of incentive to encourage the developers to buy the land where mobile homes are or the lapped data problems or adjudicated problems and that's that becomes legal I don't know how that could work but I think that's an area that I hope that we explore it's miss longland miss jacquian yes yes um jacquio jacquian longland eight I live on fourth street across from the the police station and it's a nightmare if you don't live there and not know what goes on morning afternoon Monday through Friday with the school traffic I grew up on fourth street it was so quiet it was wonderful it's turned into a nightmare the subdivision that has opened up in between the park I'm sorry I don't know the name of the subdivision but the fair haven thank you traffic from fair haven that blows my mind that they can cross through the park with children playing there okay first of all with children playing there if something happens got forbid I pray nothing happens but what if please think of that ladies and gentlemen what if okay the school traffic mr. ritter had a sign put up for me plain and simple I level don't block drive they do it any way ladies and gentlemen I put my garbage can there I look like an idiot but if I don't they use they the parents will turn they're coming from middle school they are in the wrong direction they have to turn around to face the middle school to pick up their child they will use my driveway to turn around in and not blink an eye and sometimes I'm right there watching and I lovingly go ask them maybe not always lovingly because it frustrates me I can't understand why you using my driveway to turn around in and I lovingly ask them and they roll their eyes and tell me I'm rude it's illegal to use my driveway okay why can't you get that they say it should be illegal it's a but they don't care I think that's it they basically don't care and secondly um I've asked for a speed limit sign there was one there mr. ritter there was one there that on fourth and avenue b there was one there that was removed why was it not put back I've asked please put one there so people would know where the speed limit is there I was told there's one at the end of fourth street maim that's sufficient on highway 89 and four there's one there I was told today is there one it doesn't matter I would like one on avenue b and fourth mr. ritter they're starting to pick up speed on fourth street I'm seeing it school traffic right well also the residents will do respect also from the residents in fair haven this green tea lending the teachers I guess my point is there's so much traffic in that area and I find it's unfair to those that live on fourth street ladies and gentlemen y'all will you always have this route for school well unfortunately you know well not unfortunately let me say this green tea lending's been there since the 50s 60s 50s I think right so I mean that that's a whole another dialogue as to why the school was you know why the school was expanded there you recall there was portable buildings out to the out to the front of the road so public meetings such as this previously people were concerned about where were the kids going to go to school enough portable building so the school was expanded you know I'm working with what we what we can you know what we can do what what we did do foster park road remember foster park road was it was being returned to the earth it was so poorly kept up when the parish did it now you can go back there and at least cue cars for going to green tea lending I don't know that I can never solve that problem with all due respect I don't and it not because I don't want to not because I don't want to I don't give me no pleasure when you leave me messages about stuff like that I don't know how I can solve that because parents want to bring their kids to school and the route to school is in front of your house but why block my driveway mr. Reader we can't sign our way out of it apparently because I have a sign there and we had a neighborhood where we had 50 something signs about the speed limit and we took them down I mean it did it we can't sign our way out of stuff when you said it people don't care so a sign's not going to help unfortunately but we care mr. Reader and all these people here we all care and if you care do what we ask a simple speed sign and also you think that's going to help just like the don't block my driveway sign that's clear as day and what happens they block your driveway. Okay what about a cop I've asked for a policeman and my words are twisted man we can't have a cop there all the time I didn't ask for a cop all the time if the parents will see there's a cop there a few times and it's clear what you do and what you don't a cop there to let the parents see do not block the driveway okay it'll get around you don't block the driveway and let me quickly say mr. Reader when I'm trying to leave my driveway how do I backup safely with all the traffic and the oncoming traffic how do I backup my driveway to see that there's oncoming traffic you follow me do you see what you all see what I'm saying because I do because I live there and you know what else I don't leave I don't run errands from eight to eight thirty in the morning and from two thirty two but we're going to have a three thirty two turn up to four right now but thank you for the feedback I do appreciate it and I what I will do differently I'm going to have a conversation with the principal at the school because she she cares a lot and I think that she can get that message out to the car riders I think that that's a takeaway that I can do for you okay thank you man yes please yes go ahead I just want to say one thing though I'm jotting down all of the concerns from every once in a night no matter where they come from from A to Z I just wanted to make it clear again that the reason tonight's form is on what you do and don't want to see built in the downtown historical district so if that isn't conveyed tonight we are leaving here with literally nothing nothing more than what we came here with and while I want to make sure that I'm conveying that as allowed as we possibly can't and I'll crystal clear if it is not conveyed from you who live downtown that's that's what I'm asking we want to know developers are in this room that are developing things that you know are well beyond their means taking on financial loans and putting themselves at hardships to be able to let the city grow so if you can't tell us what you do and don't want then we're not really getting anywhere tonight at all all these concerns are valid and I want to make sure we address them each and every one but I I want to we want to know so thank you miss Penny right yes it's Penny I live at 105 Avenue we all know that there's a traffic problem I have a horrible time with traffic the issue that I'm having is why are we putting more houses to invite more traffic in a already congested area it's an issue and you said something earlier about would you want to house with five cars or condo with two I have 11 condos coming up behind my house that's 22 cars I have a hotel coming up in front of me with 35 rooms I can't back out of my driveway already I don't know what I'm what I'm supposed to do and I'm getting calls we're getting phone calls now we'd like to buy your property a 105 avenue be my husband's getting text messages now family has five offers for property my mom's house they want my mom's house across the street we would like to buy your house at 204 I'd be area everybody wants to buy buy buy and build but no the traffic needs to be addressed and I realize that it's not going to be solved in a day well what time are these traffic instances have I'm just I'm just asking for my own knowledge because my son goes to Grantee I saw I do the whole listen I'm new to Grantee this year I do the whole pickup drop off it's a nightmare parents are ruthless they cut people off it's a screaming show in there but but what I mean I realize that again the question is going to come up this is school traffic I realize that I have south side behind me we've got Grantee down the street Arca down the road everybody passes through downtown youngsville to get where they have to go there there are alternate routes but are they're going to pass through non-stand there's there's traffic backed up one of the things that that people talk about is they're going to four lane Lafayette Street okay or three lane it or they're expanding they're spreading yes Lafayette Street will be the same okay yeah so really all that traffic is still there's nothing that we can do now we had right on the side which would be that would be first street on the side of my house now that they're building back there there's more vehicles coming back there well they come in and they can't turn around because the road is too narrow so they just park they go back there do their work next day there's water all over the street because they parked their vehicle on the road and the road can't handle the weight it's breaking the water lines I've called on three separate occasions since they start working on those condos our roads aren't meant for all of this and my question is what are we going to do about all that I mean as far as the roads we can definitely put that into our master plan for roads and infrastructure but as far as the traffic I mean I don't want to I don't want to sensationalize or be over you know dramatic about it but you know like I travel these roads daily I look up I'll put a fire truck that's still within these roads on them seven days a week okay traffic is going to be a problem for the end of time the world will continue to evolve as far as the downtown area I mean it would be no different than what we did I believe with drainage where we had annexation through appropriation I mean we could we could make it a traffic crisis and then we would just start annexing people's property to make roads but I don't feel that's right no it's not right so I just I guess if you said traffic I mean I I guess I don't I don't see like the LA freeway coming through young so I do see how it's a it is there's car line goes through all of the intersection of town I know I'll wait 40 minutes to get out of Sugar Ridge every morning because the traffic backs from the roundabout all the way to Vermillion Parish yes I'm all aware and the traffic and then the cars over there they they just park on the road I have families waving me down because I can't get to the child who can't breathe because the cars are blocking the road there are things that are just beyond our control like we I can only do so much our police department can only do so much with what we have available so I guess we're not I don't have a I don't have a poster the road going come built here no I know I'm like we're not we're not doing that but as far as the developers it gets to a point where a constancy or a ride where I'm saying you can and can't do with your money what if next month you're like I'm gonna build there then I have to dictate to you it's like it gets to a point where we are we're governed within ourselves within you know civic and constitutional rights of where can we what are boundaries I don't none of us want to over-manage anything Miss Penny I do I do think that relative to the development at the end of your street they're they're at the tail end of it so I think I think it's going to get a little bit better there now because there's a lot of a lot of contractors so I think it's I'm not against progress I just want everybody to understand that and I'm also not against affordable housing okay I think we you know we've got a lot of development all over Youngsville I just I we have a lot of property in Youngsville and it's like I think that they could put all of these condos a little further back and maybe there's another solution for downtown because we have too much congestion as it is you know that's that's how I feel let's see if there was something else miss Penny I know they were talking about walking to work they were talking about walking walking around I told my family that the day I don't I work close by to my house and I said you know what I think I might walk to work you'll like don't you dare we're not going to bury you because traffic is that bad I would have to cross two roundabouts to get where I got to go okay so walking you know we used to be able to do that when we were young we can't do that anymore it's it's we can't and then the developer also asked what do you want to see happen I'd like to be able to back out of my driveway or pull into my driveway without getting horned at by somebody and an SUV thinking that they have to be wherever it is in two seconds that's what I want sorry thank you thank you one one thing I just wanted to share with you that may be beneficial for you regardless of how young so highway widens you're correct it does taper down yes at the church curves through one one project that I do believe will have benefit for you is that south of the Riviera is going to be widened raise widened completely rebuilt from highway 92 from the flashing red light to shimmy battery so I envision more people coming down young so highway then going down 92 and then taking la Riviera if you're going to shimmy matter your south of the shimmy matter is an opportunity to bypass you know the the the heart of the city of la Riviera I mean you've all been here a long time I mean the Riviera you know there's areas that go underwater historically yes all that's going to be fixed and we we will have a a pretty solid north south artery as an opportunity to dilute some of the traffic because I understand what you're saying yes thank you very much thank you thank you that's right reaulbarata 114 parkwood which is a blockoff of church oh town first thing I'd like to say is a thank you to this group for having this meeting and opening dialogue second thing I'd like to say is this man right here is a go mind don't let him go okay I've heard a few comments from the group you know we got to go and we got to fight town hall again that is not a positive thought with this group now and what the intention I think this meeting was for I personally think that as an old town community we currently have a way of life that we have enjoyed for a hundred plus years my great grandparents built their home in 1904 1894 right out of forget whatever a hundred plus years it's right on church street we've been here a whole long time we're used to things happening as they've always been but right now there is interest there are a lot of people wanting to come in and what this allows is it allows you guys to help us protect the history and what we have here and I think that was the intention of the meeting yes well I think that's a wonderful positive thing I hope a lot of things come from it I think what you are hearing as a takeaway is we don't want more high density we don't want lots with multi families we don't want you subdividing things into two by two parcels take a lot put a nice house on it doesn't have to be a high-end super-absorbing at price something you'd buy somewhere else but it's a nice home and a single family can live in it and that will improve our community and that's what we want here not more traffic not more people not more density all of the other things that were said as far as keeping things neat keeping things clean wanting people to move into the area because it looks like a wholesome environment we all support that we all want that what we I think don't necessarily Mr. Longman his hotel I was here the night he made that final presentation I thought that was a lovely idea he was looking to build something that fit in the community as visually and that it was going to supply a need that we have that we have no resource for but tonight when he came up here and he said more of us closes at eight o'clock why would somebody want to stay the night in Young'sville no one in the old town wants bars rocking and rolling till two o'clock in the morning it's residential those of us who have homes here you know walkability on church street commerce on church street laughy at street that's that's great in the community in the in the neighborhood no neighborhood you go to is going to have a coffee shop next to someone's home they don't have coffee shops on the next block out of Shigameau pond they don't have hamburger joints in in Fairfield or whatever other neighborhoods think it's that's not what it is an old town is that for us who have been here forever we'd like to ask you guys to help us protect that to not have a used car light to we don't mind coffee shops we don't want a nightclub banging speakers to a clock in the morning but hold some community neighborhood business