 you All right. Good evening, everyone. It's 5.45 Thursday, August 8, 2024. This is a public hearing. The this evening on the agenda is a request for preliminary platter approval of sugarmobon face 10c located in section 12, 12, T 11s or 4e council in your in your packet this evening is a letter from Pam Grange after her review of the preliminary platter that's being proposed for you tonight. And then also here representing the developers Lucas Snepper. So let Pam share some highlights of her letter. And then we'll hear from Lucas if he's got anything to share and then we'll certainly open it up for any any comment or questions at that point. So Pam. Thank you. It's called 10c sugarmobon 10c. It's another phase that backs up to one of the other phases of sugarmobon. So we've had a being now we're at sea. We recommend the approval of this preliminary platter subject to the following comments and to the attached ADRC comments. So we recommend no waivers to the five plat revisions in the ADRC reports everything in the ADRC report we want them to do. We need them to add a note that sidewalks are required along all city streets. We need them to include all the names and addresses of the adjacent property owners show all utility easements with dimensions and anything that is that becomes a private right of passage as you know most of them have the alleys the alleys become private rights of passage with utilities and sometimes drainage as well. We recommend no waivers to the 11 plat conditions that are in the ADRC review most of them or the same thing you know contact them for addresses. And then the rest of it is all of our standard again making sure that twenty twenty five year detentions what we do sugarmobon has done a master plan with regards to all of their detentions so that's always being taken care of as they do different phases. And sometimes it's done on the front end so just to let you know that we still that they they are under the twenty five year detention and and of course we always work with them on water and sewer that there is adequate water and sewer. And that we will take over it once they go through all the fighting. There's nothing else that makes this anything that stands out from any other phase that they've done. So that's why we don't have a whole lot of other comments it's just a small part of one of their phases. Council and any questions before I don't know if Luke just do you have anything that you want to add or share with us. Yeah come on up. So not sure if it actually matters because this is from LCG's ADRC report but condition one does specify the ten foot utility servitudes on public roads obviously sugarmobons a TND so we use five foot utility easements on the public roads. So just want to clarify that the TND ordinance will apply. Yes that's all thank you. And that's referenced already I guess Matt you said it. Yeah. On the letter it isn't but that's normally how we address it when we review it. Okay so we can add it but we tell them to show it but we don't we don't say that it has to be the ten but you are correct we but on the TND we would always go by what the TND requirements are. Okay all right are there any council comments related to the proposed ten C sugarmobon phase. Okay any misshump on. Oh I'm sorry. I thought you had a question okay any public comment any comment related to the proposed subdivision a property known as sugarmobon phase ten C. All right if there's no there's no comment on this will adjourn the public hearing and then the council take action on it if they desire at the council meeting which will start at six p.m. Thank you very much.