 for the time 6 p.m. We welcome you to the Young Solemnetsville complex for the regular November meeting of the Young Solemn Air and City Council. I'd like to welcome Pastor Chris Fusila to lead us in the invocation from First Baptist Church. And if you remain standing, our pledge this evening is going to be led by our mayor, Pro Tem, Matt Romero. Pastor, welcome, sir. Thank you, Pastor. Just for the time we love you. We thank you for this day that you've given to us. We know that there's not a second of this day that we've been alone. Lord, we thank you for your presence. We pray that you would guide this meeting this evening that you would be with our mayor, our City Council men, and all of our officials here in Young Solemnetsville and all the residents. Father, I pray that you give them wisdom. I pray that you give them vision. We pray for unity. And Father, help us, especially during this time of year, to be thankful and grateful Lord for all of the blessings that you've given to us and especially the privilege of being in a great city like Young Solemnetsville. We thank you for your love and we pray all of these things in Christ's name. Amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under the individual liberty and justice for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Farah here, Ms. Volgiano. Here. Mr. Romero. Here. Ms. Cree. Here. Ms. Sean Hines-Ason. All right, agenda item 3.1 is Mr. Tideast as returning in the runoff to address the council on his candidacy for Young Solemnetsville City Council division D. Welcome back, Todd. Oh, thank you. Thank you mayor and council for giving me his chance to speak before you today and thank you Young Solemnetsville. I wanted to come talk from the heart and say that I wanted to come in person to thank Young Solemnetsville, the city I love, the city my parents loved and Young Solemnetsville for supporting me. And the next election on December 7th, remember that I love Young Solemnetsville and go out and support me again. Thank you. Thank you, Todd. And best of luck to you in the runoff. And agenda item 3.2, Chief Louvier is here and he's also updating this on his candidacy for Young Solemnetsville Chief of Police. So Cody, thank you mayor. Kind of like Todd, I want to thank first Young Solemnetsville, I think I voted for coming out of the numbers they did for doing what they did for our country and our city. I think they all voted from the heart. I want to thank him for the trust that they placed in being this election. A lot of talk in this campaign trail about Young Solemnetsville police department needs change, but I don't think they realized the change that we've put in the place in the last year. The accountability for the department, the standards of the department that's been brought up by our officers and the better communication we've had in our department with our citizens. I think it's been a very long time since we've had a lot of that and we're continuing to grow. We're definitely not finished. I just ask that everyone please get out and vote and this runoff. Unfortunately a lot of times we have a lot less turnout. People forget that we have this going on. We have early voting starting on the 22nd I believe it is through the 29th in the election on December 7th. This is just as important as our President and Jorries that we just had for our community, for what's close to home to us. I ask that you do your research because experience truly matters in our race. More than people realize. It's not only about like bowl and these different things that's about who possesses the experience to do this job properly and to make sure that our department keeps heading in a positive direction. So let's keep our city and our mind, our department and our mind and make sure we keep progressing forward. But thanks everybody for being here tonight and thank you for voting. Thank you. And I just want to acknowledge our Bruce Arden neighbor. Thank you for being here Jesse Reagan and I hope we can have you back at a future meeting to talk about your candidacy for the Senate. Best of luck to you. All right agenda item 4.1 approval of the October 10th, 2024 meeting minutes. All right, a motion by Ms. Barr is and a second by Mr. Romero. Is there any comment from the council or any public comment related to a agenda 4.1 approval of the meeting minutes? All right, hearing none, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barr is? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you council. 5.1 is approval of the September 2024 Finance Report. Motion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Creed. Council in front of you is the update from Katherine. I don't know, Katherine, did you have anything you wanted to add about the report? Just another positive month for sales taxes as you have in front of you. 7.35 over the year over the year. So I'm trending in a great direction. All right, thank you so much. Any public comment? No public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Ms. Barr is? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Ms. Romero? Can you go to the chair? Thank you. All right, thank you council. Other business, 6.1, wastewater treatment plant bid review. Do you want to, I was going to say it, but you go ahead, Ben. All right. It's not good news. Yeah. So we got three bids, which is good, but they were all very high, much higher than our estimate. So we discussed it with the Mayor and Terri and decided that we needed to reject all the bids, kind of go back and see where we can cut. We may have to take some structures out and put off building those when we, when we can. And we know we're hearing that structural concrete prices have gone through the roof for some reason, but we're going to talk to all three bidders and see where we can cut, you know, what the big ticket items were, where we can maybe reduce the cost and then go back out to bid. So we're going to try to do that as quickly as possible. All right. I agree with Susan. I think it's on our best interest to reject the bids at this time, and then we'll go back and work on scrubbing the details and see what we can do to continue phasing, which is really what we've been doing the last couple of years phasing in the different improvements that we want to do. So Mr. Romero. Motion to reject all bids given on the Youngsville Wayswater Treatment Plan. All right. Thank you, sir. Second by Council Member Volgiano. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or question relative to the proposed are the bids that we received or the project? All right. Hearing none, Mr. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Miss Cree. Yes. Miss Faras. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved to reject. Thanks, Susan. And thank you, Council. 6.2's to proclaim November 30th, 2024 Small Business Saturday, which actually coincides with shopped the sweet life for us here in Youngsville. The proclamation is in your packet. Hayley, do you have anything particular about that that you wanted to add? Small Business Saturday always falls on the Saturday after Black Friday. It is an initiative done by American Express. As many of you know, the Youngsville Chamber of Commerce host shopped the sweet life. So I was going to talk about it later, but I'll talk about it now. The 30th of November from 8th to noon pick up your game card at McDonald's and go and shop at our small businesses on Saturday. We want to support our small businesses. It's what helps our community run. So please get out there. Shop small, shop sweet. All right. Thank you, Hayley. All right. Is there a motion to accept the proclamation? All right. Motion by Council Member Bullgiano and a second by Councilman Barraz. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or question relative to the proclamation? All right. Here in none, Ms. Kidjee, please call the vote. Ms. Creed. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Ms. Bullgiano. Yes. Just a reminder. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council. A gin item 6.3. We have a variance request related to section 10557 for storage collection disposal of refuse garbage to allow for Valley trash service and lieu of city trash pickup cans for phase 27 of Sugarmopon. Lucas Neppers here from Sugarmopon to discuss the proposal. I've reviewed it and since Lucas is here, I'll let him tell us about it. I'm sure you can do a better job than me. But so yes, phase 27 of Sugarmopon is a boutique single family and town home rental community that we will be doing. We will be owning it as well. And it's essentially the same amenities and concept as an apartment complex, but instead of, you know, apartments stacked on top of each other, it's single family cottages that blend more with Sugarmopon. It has the same design code, same architects as Sugarmopon. And so it also backs up to the second phase of Sugarmopilas and a future commercial area that the young still own. And so we figured it be a nice spot to place a little rental community because the builders were already expressing concerns about having a typical single family home phase right there. And residents having, you know, three stories of apartments looking down on them. So we figured this would be a great spot for it. And as part of that, we are requesting that we can have a dumpster enclosure. It would hold two, eight yard dumpsters. And we would have a valet trash service just like many apartment complexes do. It has a full-time management company that we've already signed a contract with. That will be on site full-time in a leasing office. And they will have a maintenance person, valet trash service contract. And just like an apartment complex, though, the residents will be putting up bags in front of their doors every night or every morning. And it will be picked up daily and placed in those dumpsters. We decided that would be the best fit for that because it is a high density phase. It's only a couple acres at most and it has 110 units. So instead of having just a sea of trash cans everywhere and having tenants having to walk down alleyways to get it to a public road, a couple hundred feet in some areas because not all of the cottages front of road. We figured this would be great. And it would also fill a void that we have between that phase and the apartment sugarmobiles. That's where the dumpster enclosure would be. And it's a fully-breaked fence. I'm not sure if you're all familiar with our lift station site on the pond in Sugar Mill, but it would be an exact replica of that with landscaping and all of that. And so we figured it would just be aesthetically the best option and also for the tenants. It would be the best option for them as well. All right. Thanks, Lucas. Any comments or questions related from the council? Thoughts or concerns, Matt? It's the concept of it. I think that's a great idea. My concern is where you said it's going to be behind Sugar Mill villas. So, but near. So yes, where there's a side road on Sugar Mavila's internal toward development called Park Grove Drive. Right now it, well, did dead end, but we just connected it as part of our new phase. But right where that bend is, it's right where the new phase of Sugar Mill villas is. And so there's a very wide space between the cottages and alleys and where the Sugar Mavila's boundary starts. It's just a dead space and it's off to the side where no one will see it. It'll be behind an alley, but it still has that access that the large dump trucks need. So we figured it'd be perfect. And when you're coming down that road, you'll see a landscape brick fence instead of just a ditch. There's a ditch behind it. So. Okay. And proximity wise, how close to the nearest residence that actually owns their own, you know, not rental. So there's actually no residence nearby that own anything. It's just Sugar Mill villas apartments and then the closest cottage we actually have the exact same plan at a project in Lake Charles. It's roughly 60 feet away. And that's from their backyard area. And my concern was in the Resonbring that up is similar to behind Rouses when we had those issues years ago with three, four in the morning pickups, rear homes. I want to, you know, make sure that's not going to happen where we're going to end up with phone calls. But obviously you're saying it's not going to be in that proximity. Right. Alright. Any other questions? If there's no questions, we'll entertain a motion to grant the waiver. Thank you. Thank you, Lucas. All right. Motion to motion by Mr. Volgiano and Miss Creed. That's a second. Miss Creed. All right. Thank you. Any other council discussion or comment? For members of the audience and also if you're viewing from home, you can see the entire packet that the council is looking at with all the graphics on the same site that you that you look at to stream the meeting. There's an attachment of the packet. So if you, if you come, I mean, you're welcome to have your iPad, we can get you connected onto the Wi-Fi without a problem so that way you're always looking at the same information that we're looking at from up here on the day. Is all right. Any public comment? All right. Hearing none, this is a good. Please call the vote to grant the variance. This virus. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Miss Creed. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. 6.4. Mr. Travis Roberts at 204 Oak Shadows drives requesting a variance to allow for a five-foot reduction in the rear setback for the installation of a shed. Just a side note, council July 12, 2018. The council at the time did approve a five-foot reduction in the rear setback for a swimming pool. So with this, with this request, this is basically to encroach the same space that the previously approved swimming pool did. And Mr. Roberts is here. In case there's any questions. Yes. So I live here in Youngsville, been here about nine years now. Plan to make this our permanent resident. So we want to expand, build a shop. The foot part of the shop, I didn't want to bring it too far into the front of the yard. So where it's currently located on the city map that I gave you. And in the trenches, five foot into the 10-foot setback. So I'm requesting the variance for that five foot. All right. Mr. Romero. Travis, how are you doing? Good. Just one confirm. And so everybody knows there is no other residents behind your property at all. No, sir. I'm waiting this home because she refuses to sell. I'm trying to buy the piece of land. I just want to make sure, you know, making a variance of this, you know, typically if we butt up to other properties, but in this case, it's not butting up to any residential property. Okay. I'm a plan locked. Yeah. And in the council in your packet, I'm sure you've noticed, but the Oak Shadows Homeowners Association has put a has put an approval, you know, in with that. And there's no issues. No, sir. Actually, you're here with me. So, well, that works out. All right. I'll motion approve. Mr. Travis Roberts' variance for the five foot reduction in our rear setback. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Second, by Councilman Bulljiano. Any other council comment or discussion or any public comment? Or a question related to the variance. Okay. Hearing none, Ms. Giddy, please call the vote on the variance. Ms. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Creep. Yes. Ms. Varez. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you, Senator Constable. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you. Good to see you. All right. Several resolutions this evening. First is resolution 202419. A resolution expressing support in the naming of Sugar Mopon, Regional Detention Pond and Linear Park System in honor of the late Mr. Robert W. Dagle. Council, you know, as you know, last month we had, you know, quite a few just unfortunate deaths from several members of the community that have made such a tremendous impact on Young'sville and, you know, Mr. Dagle is one that very few non-residents, I think. I really had to think about how many non-residents have left that type of impact on our community. And the most recent project that we were working on with Robert and Jordan Lucas, the entire group, was a public private partnership and that's the project for what I call the lakes. The, you know, the Iberia Street lakes that go from, you know, Savoy to Iberia Street. We're finished with the drainage component, you know, but we still have work to do as we promised to do with the Linear Park and really seeing that area as an amenity homes in phase 20 or starting to go up. Of course, we haven't, that we're still working through the FEMA approval process for the homes that are closest to the lakes. But this was a project that I know was really near and dear to Robert's, you know, hard. I mean, he and I were still working on it actively, you know, when he fell ill. So this property is actually, it's a joint project. So what I'm asking for tonight is just really a resolution and support. I know that there was some interest in the neighborhood for doing something, you know, in honor of Mr. Dagle. Some of the existing parks and green spaces already have names that are established. And I think it's just a nice token of our appreciation for all that, you know, Robert's done, you know, for the city of Youngsville, Youngsville is a great community. It's not defined by Sugar Mopon. However, Sugar Mopon is something that just compliments the city of Youngsville so well. And I know that the lakes, the Linear Park is just going to complement it even that much more. And on the way down here, I came across, we didn't really ever discuss this, but we did get a, a merit award from the American Society of Landscape Architects, which is an interesting category because it's a general design for unbuilt work because the project hadn't been built yet. But it's in recognition of outstanding professional achievement and it was awarded to R&J developers, Robert and Jordan community developers, rights landscape architect, and the city of Youngsville as client and Hinskins, Tra-engineering consulting that did all the civil work for us to review and approve that makes sure that it was going to actually have the positive drainage benefit. So we received that award and then we also got a from the US Green Building Council, a green design sustainability award unbuilt, also in recognition of an award-winning design and display of commitments to sustainability and positively impacting the environment. In this award, it was presented at the 2023 Louisiana ASLA Awards Bankwood. So I guess that's the American, probably Muslim American Society of Landscape Architects and it was the same, you know, same recipients over the award. And the name that we had talked about was Ali DuPark Purdue. You know, as you all know, that channel there is Bayou Park Purdue and we were really trying to find a name at the time that complemented. So anyway, our request is to incorporate the memory of Robert Degel somewhere into that there. Maybe it's in conjunction with Ali DuPark Purdue. I'm not sure, but this is just something that we would be offering to the developers that it has our blessing. So Mr. Emera. Motion to approve Resolution Number 2024-19 naming rights of Shrewd Mopon Regional Diction Pond in linear park and on our Mr. Robert Degel. Thank you, sir. And second by Mr. Boljiano. And Nicole, I just realized you wrote a whole resolution. So I'm sorry, I could have just referred to that. Thank you. I think I think just not a better result. Robert deserved the All right. Is there any public comment? Any additional council comment? All right, hearing none, Mr. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Crey. Yes. Ms. Faraz. Yes. Mr. Voljiano. Yes. Resolution approved. All right. Thank you. And we'll continue working on the sidewalks first thing going in. I think, yeah, with any, I mean, I know we kind of lost some time there, but we owe the city actually a meeting bounds of the linear park. But Christian just went over to a new company. So yeah, everything's a little delayed. Yeah. But yes, we'll have it to you shortly. And then we can get rolling on the sidewalks. No rush. I just wanted to make sure we weren't holding it up. But that sounded like we were. So all right. All right. Thank you all so much. Take care. All right. Seven point to give a question. Sorry. No. Seven point two's resolution twenty twenty four twenty resolution of condolences to the family of Ben Barley, former young's old city treasurer who passed away on October 25th, 2024. You know, the of interest is today's Ben's birthday or would have been Ben's birthday. And I mean, just another outstanding, you know, you know, resident and in member of our team. So I think that's he loved Young'sville and he was he definitely, you know, we've said a lot of nice things about Ben, but he loved the community and I think the community loved him back. He spent his entire life here. So Miss Baris. Yeah. All right. Those things have proved. All right. Thank you, ma'am. And second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any public comment or discussion? All right. Miss Kagerie, please call the vote. Miss Kree. Yes. Miss Baris. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Resonally. Should have proved. And happy Heavenly Birthday to Ben. So all right. 7.3 resolution. 2020. 21. A resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Young'sville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement and all necessary documentation between the Louisiana Department of Treasury, State of Louisiana and the city of Young'sville pertaining to an appropriation from act 7.7. Six of the 2024 regular legislative session for water and road infrastructure. All right. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment or discussion on that? Yeah. This is just a requirement of the grant in order to make us eligible for it. Correct. Correct. All right. All right. Any public comment? All right. There's no discussion. Miss Kagerie, please call the vote. Miss Baris. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Miss Kree. Yes. Yes. And I failed to say out loud for them. The East had another engagement. I think at the church. So I was supposed to announce that and excuse them. So my apology. 7.4 resolution. 2024. 22. A resolution requesting financial assistance from the state of Louisiana under the fiscal year 2425 local government assistance program and community water enrichment fund program. Motion by Mr. Romero. All right. And second by councilwoman Kree. And similar here, this is more paperwork. We need to push the eligible for the grant. These are grants that we get periodically. We refer to it as LL gap. Right. Correct. And I think we're earmarking them for water. Yes. We're getting to I think 50. 15. 50,000. Okay. All right. Mr. Romero. Mix motions. Are a second? Are you councilman Varez? Any public comment or discussion? No public comment or discussion? Miss Kagerie, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Miss Kree. Yes. Miss Varez. Yes. President Shepard. All right. Thank you, council. This evening for introduction. We have three ordinances. The first is agenda 8.1, which is ordinance 4962024 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville. Excuse me. Authorize in the mayor of the city of Youngsville, Louisiana to execute a franchise agreement with unity fiber golf co LLC. And Wade did review. Yeah. He helped put it together. Right. All right. A motion by Mr. Volgiano. And second by councilman Romero. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or discussion? All right. Miss Kagerie, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Miss Kree. Yes. Miss Varez. Yes. Miss Volgiano. Yes. approved. All right. Thank you. 8.2's ordinance 4972024. In ordinance of the city of Youngsville, admitting the 2024 2025 budget in the amount of $2,719,155 dollars to reappropriate the American Rescue Plan Act ARPA funding. Council, what we're requesting here, as you'll know, we were in the audit process right now. And we're reviewing all the different stipulations related to these monies. And just want to make sure we have them allocated correctly. So this is going to be coming back to you next month in December. Some of the decisions that we made on the expenditures of this were based using the preliminary guidance. The guidance for the expenditures. There was a lot of revisions that came out. And we're just simply wanting to make sure that we're still in full compliance from the initial preliminary guidance that was put out. So we believe that we may be, but we're just taking the steps in case we still need to make some adjustments prior to the end of this just of calendar year. Motion to introduce ordinance 497-202024. All right. Thank you. Councilman Romero, second by Councilman Barres. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Okay. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote for introduction. Ms. Gidry? Yes. Barres? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Approved. Ms. Barres? Sorry. All right. And finally, 8.3 ordinance 357.3 2024. In ordinance amending ordinance number 357.2 2024 performance land use regulations within the city limits of the city of Youngsoe, Louisiana. I'm motion. All right. Thank you. Mr. Volgiano and second by Ms. Creed. Is there any council comment or discussion? All right. Any public comment or discussion? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barres? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Approved. All right. Thank you so much. We'll go to staff announcements. I guess we'll start with Pam. Please. Pam and then Tim Susan. Okay. Okay. So first on the, my items would be Anselam Kool-Eed Detention Pond project. We submitted 90% plans in August. We have just received our environmental for wetlands and for our archeological. So we need to incorporate that into the environmental so that we can, we're just awaiting the core of engineers approval, which we don't anticipate till probably February, maybe March. Of course, it could be earlier. New administration. Some of the environmental regs may go away. So we'll see. But I'm sure by notice that the Tinship Ponds worked pretty well yesterday. And so they were all full in running. But we got quite a bit of rain in a little amount of time. La Rivier Road is still scheduled to advertise for a bid starting in December. I haven't gotten any different dates from the state. So that would be in construction, hopefully in the spring. Highway 89, I'm sure you've seen that that's really moving, moving along pretty fast. That's about 35% complete. We have the drainage on the east side of the road completed to La Jada and Abel. So not, which of course we stopped the project. This phase of the project stops at Hart De Farm. So not much more on the drainage on the east side so that they can start doing the roadway work. Fortune road, extension and roundabout. That's more than 50% complete. They will probably, I mean, weather permitting. They were supposed to start with the binder this week. But of course, that so won't be long. You'll start seeing asphalt payment of the extension and then starting to move on the concrete work of the interior of the roundabout. Louisiana 92 in Prescott 60% design complete. Sheme Agria. We received the Geotechnical Investigation and so we are finalizing the typical section. So that, but we've already kind of put in quantities and costs associated with doing the first phase, which would be patch mill and overlay all of the really bad parts with the exception of the curve in the middle. 2024 roadway improvements. Of course, Balesco's been doing well. We've seen improvements on that intersection since opening up Balesco and of course finishing the roundabout. I know how many people have driven the roundabout, but it's much better. We've also finished an SPK, have a little bit of cleanup left to do. So we just have, we have some stripe in, we have some patching in other areas to do and some work in Cypress Gardens on 2024 and some patching in various areas possibly also on Highway 92. We have a couple areas that we need to do as well. Larivier, that's it. Yeah, that's all the ones that I have. Any questions for Pam? Anything related to any of the projects we just highlighted? For Balesco crossing, I just want to add, I know if communicated it to Lindy's neighborhood in their Facebook group. We are, Terry's team did some roadside drainage work to carry some of the water. I mean, we built a road there, but the, the cane field still kind of was naturally draining because of the grades to the, to the intercept to the new intersection. So the grading of the roadside ditches and keeping them from being silted in is going to be an ongoing challenge to try to carry some of that water to shimmy metteries best as possible from naturally gravitating to that low spot, entering sugar ridge. But in addition to that, Terry and I and Pam have been, we're working on obtaining a drainage easement about midway through that property. There's a current field ditch and you can see it. There's a headland. It's culverted in. Very narrow field ditch. We're working on securing a drainage easement there to where we, where we can provide a proper drainage outlet for the cane field. And with cooperation of the farmer, really redirect the farm, the cane field drainage to that drainage easement to really avoid the, the natural low spot of the land there where the water always historically pooled. So that's working. We've had, we have verbal commitments from I think four of the six property owners and I'm working on the fifth and the sixth right now. So there was something else you mentioned I wanted to comment on but I don't remember. So, it couldn't have been that important. Any other questions for Pam? All right. We're hearing none. We'll go into Tim, please. Sports programs, sugar beach volleyball, the fallee, has ended for Tuesday and Wednesday nights. Thursday play-offs will finish around December 5th. Just due to rain outs. Girls in door volleyball, all stores. The first of three tournaments is this Sunday. We have five teams in 10, you three and 12, you two and 14, you. So we went from eight last year up to 10 all store teams this year. Southside soccer is finished with their Halloween tournament. F&A has finished their season. The adults all poly, we finished using Wednesday nights. Thursday nights will end December 12th due to rain outs also. Bitty basketball has finished registration with 945 players and practices begin on Monday. Pickleball, Council and Agent, free play, I'll continue at the Rec Center. Tournaments, gobble to you, wobble, beach volleyball tournament will be this Saturday. The bullet softball college showcase tournament with 45 teams will leave this Saturday and Sunday. And toys for tots, the U-trip baseball tournament will be happening on December 7th and A. For the expansion, the leadership holiday artisan's market will take place on Saturday, November 30th. And the amphitheater, if you see in Christmas under the stars event, will take place on Saturday, December 14th from 4 to 9 p.m. It'll be a great family themed event. Being put on by Stephen O'Brien with Bontongrille and in partnership with Pashto Joe Karmé at 1st Assembly, the living Bethlehem live production will be part of the event. But there'll be so much more for the families from Christmas market, scavenger hunt, community cars, food trucks, petting zoo, live characters, gingerbread and cookie decorating, a movie mashup of old and new Christmas movies, photo areas with Santa and characters, reading of the Cajun Night before Christmas, ugly sweater contests and much more to be announced. All proceeds are going to be to benefit local charities also. With Haley Selt, we're working on by the end of the year to put out a great 2025 amphitheater calendar with many great and exciting events coming. With Terry Selt, of course the bridge repair is going to start Monday. November 18th, if they see the pond starting to be pumped down, that's part of it. Tomorrow we'll put out and share on social media and with our entire database, including the map showing any expected closures affecting the parking lot in the fitness trail. And this is the, just for the clarify further, this is the bridge from the, forget the sponsor from the soccer parking lot, onto the closest to the soccer fields. What's changing is the wood deck heems being replaced with a composite material that'll have a longer life. I mean that's the original wood from I guess 10 years now. Oh, other games. Yeah. So any questions for 10. Daxie, do you have anything? I didn't have to put you on the spot. You're good. All right. All right. Nice to see you. Oh, yeah, nothing, nothing to do. Nothing going on with Daxie all. All right. Terry, nothing. Alex, you've been busy. You're good. All right. Catherine Haley, anything. Oh, I'm sorry. Susan, I skipped right over you because I saw you early. Come on up. Thank you, Haley. Very respectful. We already talked about the wastewater plant, the pump stations, the work on pump station four will probably start sometime in December after the, after the ground storage tank is, is pretty much done. And the construction on pump station three, which is on Young Street, should start in January. The new water plant, as you can see, they're completing the ground storage tank. I think they were working on the dome today, running electrical lines, working on the foundation of the filter building. So that's progressing pretty well. The Sugarmobana upgrade that is, that design is in progress. Fortune Road was bid on Monday. The bids came in about 15% below the estimate, and the mayor recommended a warn to DOTD. So that's going to move forward. Waterline interconnections, the bid date is December 18th. So that's going out to bid. Pump station five, we're working on that. We've started that design. So that's progressing. That's it. Any questions for Susan? Thanks. The project she's talking about going out to bid with the water interwater connections, that was actually related to one of the resolutions you approved tonight. The 2024-21, yeah, that was $7.3. That was a $600,000 grant. So what this grant is doing is, doing waterline connections to be able to push the water from our new water plant into distributed. Which after looking at the plants, we do have a couple questions. I'll just get with you later on. So all right, no questions for Susan? Hailing? Yeah, I wanted to go ahead and just have mentioned the holiday artisan market. So leadership class five is raising money to donate v inches to the inclusive playground area at the sports complex, sports complex expansion. And so we are having an artisan market. Basically, we've just going to have a lot of vendors there that are going to be selling their wares. So we're still looking for vendors. If you have anyone that you know, please send them our way. They can go ahead and sign up to be a vendor on the Chamber's Facebook or website. The link is there. It's $80 for a vendor booth. And again, all proceeds are going to the inclusive playground area. Also, it's going to be a great day to shop. It is on November 30th following shop the sweet life. So from noon to four. So we encourage you bring your family. We'll have Santa out there. We're hopefully going to have a choir out there seeing Christmas carols. So it'll be a nice day to come and enjoy some shopping. Continue the shopping after shop the sweet life and get your photos in with Santa. So please come November 30th. Thank you, Haley. And we have the I have the proclamation for you for the shop the sweet life. So all right, before council announcements, I just want to first take the opportunity to recognize and thank councilman Creed. The election, the runoff election will be before the next council meeting. So unless there's a conflict, I guess with our new incoming council person, I would I'm assuming that this may be your last council meeting. I just want to let you know, it's been a sincere privilege to serve with you. I've enjoyed getting to know you better. I think that you've certainly done your homework. You've been prepared. You know, and I know that I don't feel like I'm saying goodbye to you because I feel like I see you just as much equally in your capacity on the Rotary Club and just being active in the community with everything. I can always count on you being there. So you stepped up when we needed you in sincere thanks on behalf of myself and our administration for being here. So I hope this isn't the end that we see of you, but I know that it's not already. So thank you for all that you do and President of the Rotary right here. She was just ready for another time. Oh, re elected. Unabosed. Okay. Well, that's that's phenomenal. So sincere. Thank you to you. So I'd like to offer you a round of applause. In 12 months, 12 months, right? Yeah, 12 months. So thank you so much. So Jamie, you want to have said thank you last meeting, but Lindy Matt, y'all weren't here. So thank y'all for having confidence in me and let me be appointed. Absolutely. Absolutely. Thank you, Janet. Yeah, absolutely. Counseling announcements. Oh, yes, sir. I'm going to piggyback on that. It's always we've appointed more people in the last five years than I ever thought we never thought we would. We always joke kind of joke about that, but of course there's been different situations and I feel like Shannon her appointment obviously framework her to do more and it was great. I foresee Jamie doing more in the future. She's already doing a lot in the community. So I definitely echo his sentiments of how you come prepared. You ask questions and you know, do your diligence. So thank you so much for serving. I wanted to also give recognition to Southside volleyball. They made it play else. Unfortunately, Slide Hill took them down in three sets, but it's an honor for those girls to make it to the state tournament, which is here at the KGNL. So kudos to that group. It's a young team. So that's really good. And then also our Southside football team first round of the playoffs tomorrow. Wow. Playing live-oak. They're actually our home games have been at KOMO. The new turf field. KOMO High School. So come out tomorrow night at seven o'clock. Perfect. A lot of great things with Southside. We had the opportunity to host their band at the amphitheater this week. You know, they were at Carnegie. He's a Carnegie Hall. Is that I used to say it in New York last year? I mean, they are just a class act with a lot of great talent by the director and his assistant. So no shortage of great things happened in our schools. Terry, I don't know anybody else, but happy veterans day. So thank you for your service. You had a phenomenal job with the veterans recognition as well. They're working on that. So I love how we've incorporated that into the city. You want to know that? Yeah, great job. Thank you. Chief, I didn't ask. I'm sorry, because we heard from you earlier, but anything. All right. Any other council announcements? Happy things. Give it to everyone. Any additional public comment? If anything, maybe we didn't address tonight. All right. If there's no other business, we'll entertain a motion to adjourn. Motion to adjourn. All right. Thank you, Mr. Volgiana. Is there a second? Second. All right. Second, by Ms. Creep. Yes. Very good. All in favor? Please say aye. In a adjourn. Thank you all so much. Have a great evening. Meeting adjourn. That is, it was set for record.