 Thursday, January 11th, the time is 6 p.m. We welcome you to the Young's Ominenceful Complex for the regular scheduled meeting for the January City Council. If you'd please rise, I'm going to invite the invocation this evening to be led by Pastor Chris Fusile, of First Baptist Church. And then please remain standing. Our pledge this evening will be led by Councilwoman Creed. All right. Thank you, Mayor. Let's pray together. Father, we thank you for this day that you've given to us. Father, for the blessings of each and every moment, Lord. And we also thank you for this new year, the new opportunity that you've given all of us, Lord, for a fresh start. Lord, my prayer today is that you'd help us to be dependent on you. We know that we're limited in our own abilities, our own strength. Father, there's so much that we can accomplish in your power. So I pray for the Council today and for the Mayor and for every city employee, Father, for every person here this evening, and those who are watching, or that you would help us to depend on you more than ever. Father, give us a vision. Help us to see farther than what we could ever imagine and help us to know, Lord, that we can accomplish it through your abilities. Father, give us great faith and we pray for unity this evening. We pray all of these things in master's name of our Savior, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Pastor. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, the nomination under God and the council. We'll leave it to you in justice for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Faras, here. Mr. Volgiano, here. Mr. Amaro, here. Ms. Cree, here. Ms. Shelfine, here. All right. Thank you, Council agenda item 3.1 is approval of the regular meeting minutes, December 14, 2023, the motion by Council member Romero and the second by Council member Volgiano. Any comments or questions from the council, any public discussion? Okay, Ms. Gidry, please open the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Thank you. Finance report agenda item 4.1 approval of the November 2023 Finance report. Mr. Volgiano, make some motion. Second by Council member Romero. Any council discussion? Any public comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right, thank you, Council. Other business agenda item 5.1. Now this evening we have our auditors here, Burton and Brad Colder, and it's the presentation and acceptance of the audit report for the fiscal year which ended June 30, 2023. So Brad, welcome back, sir. Thank you, good evening, Mary and council. I'm going to lead off this evening, and as the Mary indicated, we're going over the audit for the fiscal year and the June 2023. I'm going to make some opening comments and then go over the utility fund operations as well as the sports complex operation. And then my dad will step up, and he will talk about the operation of the city as a whole, as well as a few handouts. So a couple of opening comments as far as the opinion on the financial statements and it's a cleaner unmodified opinion. This is the best opinion we can give as CPAs, and this is the opinion you've seen in prior years. We did meet with the administration before the year end and went over the audit results and some other things. And one of those things was some verbal comments we had. We had five verbal comments this year that said improvement over last year and we had seven verbal comments. So those are wise to the level of needing to be discussed here in this meeting, but I just wanted to make the comment that we are seeing improvement within the accounting function within some of the processes for the city of Young's Bill. You do have the refindings within this audit report. They are the exact same three findings you had in the audit report last year. And meetings with the administration and discussing them. We feel as though it's reasonably possible that two of the three can be resolved during this fiscal year and 24 and hopefully we're over standing here a year from now instead of three findings within the audit report, we're down to two or possibly even one. So I think we're seeing progress on all fronts. I don't know if you have any, you'd like to add, Mayor. No, I think as we continue to build out our accounting function, of course, when we're in the Screg now as our CFO, I mean, one, I'm relative to adequate segregation of duties for a determined, we're committed to making that modification, some of which we've begun the process. So that's some time ago. So we'll just have to continue to demonstrate and take step forward relative to that. One is relative to account reconciliation. And we have some, we've used the consolidated cash function of our city for probably six, seven years now. But where we are accepting the recommendation of Nellie, Screg, but also our auditors, it's probably best to untwine some of that because it also makes account reconciliation easier. So we've taken preliminary steps to do that. And then the final one was about a bank audit. I don't know. It was about having someone on staff that can draft this financial statement. Correct. And so most governments have that because they don't have a CPA on staff that could put together this huge report and in accordance with GAP. So most have it. That's why when I said I feel like y'all can resolve two of them. So one, I don't feel like y'all are gonna resolve is that one and even a management response. It says, y'all feel as if a cost benefit is better to outsource it to us. Let us do it and you guys review it. Correct. So to me that's, if that's the only thing you have next year, that'd be fantastic. Any other questions or comments? With that being said, let's get to the operations of the utility fund and that is on page 69 and 70 in the audit report. And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna start on page 70 and go through each individual department and then we'll talk about the utility fund as a whole. I'm gonna hit the high spots. If anybody has a question, does he see something they want to ask me about? Just go ahead and stop me and we'll address that at that time. So looking at page 70 on the far right, you see sanitation from both 2022 and 2023. And total revenues did increase by quite a bit. A million 481 last year to a million 648 this year, you're talking about about $165,000. You go down to the second to last line item and you can see expenditures last year, a million 618 versus a million 852. So we had revenues increase to 165,000, but expenditures about 235. So you can see that bottom line operating loss. Last year we had a loss of 137,000 this year and increase of that loss to 204,000. Ideally in sanitation, you'd like to be making a little bit of money or break even. I think you're looking at the agenda, you actually have something on the agenda tonight to address so that hopefully I'm standing here next year we're in that slightly profitable to break even situation. So this is gonna be addressed tonight to where we're not in a negative anymore. Moving on to sewer, you can see revenues increase from 2 million to 59 last year to 2 million 325. So about $65,000. Not a bad increase, not huge but not bad. Moving on down to the expenditures, you have a more listed out there. There's some variations between categories, but in total you spent a million 919 last year compared to a million 865. So you're talking about $55,000 in savings or less expenditures this year. So increase in the revenues, decrease in the expenditures, bottom line improves by approximately $120,000 and the $340,000 of income last year to $460,000 of income in the current year. So sewer is a real bright spot this year for the utility fund. That's the best one we're gonna take a look at. Moving on to water, almost the identical same dollar value increase in the revenues from 3 million 640 to 3 million 707. So approximately the same 65,000. The difference is in water, if you look at the two revenue sources, the first line, 3,040 versus almost 3.3 million. So you sold a lot more water. The next line is Missed Eleni, it's went from 600,000 down to 415. This is gonna be reconnections, penalties and things like that. So you had a lot less of those this year, but you sold a lot more water. I'm saying that to say this, the biggest increase in your expenditures, if you look at your water expenditures, the biggest expense is water purchases, okay? That went from a million 3,790,000 5,78, up about $200,000. And total your expenditures for the water department are about 190. So you sold a lot more water and you had to purchase a lot more water. Bottom line when you're looking at it, you had a profit last year of $311,000, that profit decreased to 186,000 on a profit. So it's still profitable, just not as quite as profitable as we were last year, but still good. And taking a look at the totals on page 69. You could see revenues increase almost exactly $300,000. From $7,381 to $7.6 million from 22 to 23. And you have the expenditures all listed out in detail, but just hit the high spot. $6.8 million last year, up to about $7.2 million or about $370,000 increase year over year, bottom line operating income and utility fund, $514,000 last year, down about $70,000 to $442. But we need to factor in the non-operaing revenues. In this case, you have the property taxes, which actually the revenues went up from $490,000 to $536. And in total for that category of non-operating revenues or expenditures, in this case, it's a net revenue, that increased from $411 to $453. So bottom bottom line within the utility fund, you had income of $925,000 last year, compared to $895,000 this year. So virtually identical, with all the different movements that I talked about within the funds and the categories, almost the same kind of numbers and really they're good. I mean, to generate almost $900,000 a profit is a good situation. Any questions on page 69 or 70? If there's not, you should have handouts and page two of the handout is the per-customer per month. We always go over this because it gives you a different look and we'll be just saw within the audit report. We have four years of history. And looking at award, you can see the top line is your number of customers. Those are steadily increasing every year. The next line is the incoming. You can see income is very consistent. There's not a tremendous amount of movement over the four years, basically ranging between about $46 and $48. Current year coming in a shade under $47. Operating expenditures, especially for the past three years, have been very consistent in water, basically $43 to $45 between 21 and 23. But you see the operating income trend over the four years. We're about 1050, we'll call it in 2020. They're down to about $5 in change, last year, $4 in change, this year, $236. So we're trending downward in water and it's mainly because of the increase in the expenditures. Then we add back depreciation. And then that bottom line says operating income or loss without depreciation, another way to look at this is, or regenerating cash or not. So it could be cash generated or not within the water department. And you can see we're generating cash of approximately $8 in 2023. Last year was almost 10. You have before that 11 and back in 20, almost $16. So from a cash perspective, we're about half where we were in 2020. Doing the same kind of approach with sewer, you have less sewer customers, but you do have a similar percentage increase in the number of customers. I mean, you can see that the income, similar to what we saw with water, not much change over the four years. 36 and change back in 20. We're at about $35 we'll call it in the current year. Expenditures ranging from $23 back in 20, they're about $30 in 21 and 22. We're almost at 28 this year. And about $7 of operating income in the current year, which is kind of in the middle where the past four years have been within add back depreciation. And you can see we're generating cash in the sewer department of $18 roughly. That's a little hard to last year when it was 16. And even higher than it was in 21, when it was only 13. Bottom left is garbage. You can see the income was about $22 in 2021. Then it dips to about $20 in change in 21, sorry, in 22 and 23. But that cost is steadily increasing every year, which we kind of talked about earlier. And so you can see that operating income or loss in the bottom line, we can skip it because we're going to have into depreciation so go to cash. You lost $2.55 of cash in the garbage department this year. Last year was about $2, where in 21, you generated $2.10. I'd like to see you get back to somewhere around that 2021 number in an ideal situation. To me, that would be ideal. And then moving to the bottom right is going to be bringing everything all together. And you can see how steady the revenues are. Ranging between about $105 and $102, coming into $102 in change in the current year. And looking at all consistent, the operating expenditures are between 21 and 23. Roughly 94 to 96 over that three year period. It's really difficult to do in a utility fund because some of the expenditures are so high. But over this three year period, the expenditures are very much under control. You have operating income for all three years, adding back roughly $16 of depreciation over the three or four years. And generating cash of $23 this year, which compares extremely similar to last year with $23,000 in change as well. Which makes sense with my comments in the order report that the income was almost identical. So you would expect that bottom line to be very similar. So overall, very healthy. I mean, it's not quite where it was in 20 where you could see we're generating $42. But 23 hours of generation of cash and nothing just needs that. Still very healthy. If you'd like to see that garbage part get a hole, which I think we're going to take care of that this evening. Any questions or comments on utility fund, anything I talked about? If there's, let me just one comment. I was just doing a little bit of math. I mean, for water as an example, just for the public benefit. Water customers, I mean, from the same time June 30th of 2023, compared to the previous 12 months. I mean, we're servicing 256 more water customers, 284 more sewer customers. And if I look at water, I'm going to dive into a little, I'm sorry, garbage, I'm going to dive into a little bit more, I guess behind the scenes, because I don't have it here. I mean, you look at the year of a year, I'm looking at page 73, by the way. When you look at the year of a year, customer count, it's increased by like 669. So that might be, I'm not sure that might be factoring in, I know we do have like 400 and something extra canned. So anyway, so just to kind of put it in perspective, I mean, the size of the operation, when you look at the second page of the handout on the four year comparison, water alone from 2020 to 2023 is 798 customers. You know, just telling you something you already know, just about the amount of, you know, who, more residents that were servicing and how we've really had to become more, you know, disciplined in our approach about how we're running our utility system. You know, they are servicing, you know, nearly 800 more customers, you know, for water alone. So I'm proud of the results that are there in the utility fund. Garbage may not be a labor of the point. I mean, we'll have an opportunity to talk about it during the introduction of the ordinance, so I can share some of our thoughts with you there. Any other comments on utility fund? Hearing none, why don't we go to page 72 in the audit report and that's gonna be the operations of the sports complex? I'm not gonna go through everything here. Similar, I'll take a similar approach if we look at utility fund kind of hit the high spots. In total revenues, you can see very little change. I mean, a million three, 21 in revenues last year, a million three, 13, so about $8,000 change in the revenues. So not much really to speak of there. More really to talk about as far as in the expenditures. You know, you have them all listed out here. I'm gonna hit the total and they kind of work my way back up. But total operating expenditures last year, 4.5 million in the current year, 5.4 million, you talk about an increase of roughly $900,000. For frame of reference, it's not in this report here, but in 2021, this same line item was 3.4 million. So from 21 to 23, you had about an increase of $2 million of operation expenditure increases here in the sports complex. Some of the ones that jump out to me just worth pointing out the reason for the roughly $900,000 increase. We could just start at the top salaries. You can see that's up a little over 100,000 from 603 to 7, 10, we'll call it. 203 down from there advertising was minimal in 2022 or 2000, but jumped up to 50,000 here in the current year. Couple down from there, you get to contract labor, 471 last year of about 210,000 to 682,000. Below that depreciation expense, up about 240,000. Then five or six down from depreciation, you get to repairs and maintenance. That's up roughly 100 from 352 to 455. Two below repairs and maintenance is sponsorship fees up from 164 last year, 225 this year. And then a few down from sponsorship is tournament fees, 371 up 50,000 to about 420. So again, you have a lot of expenses listed here, but I kind of want to point out some of the drivers behind the $900,000 increase year over year. Then we get to the non-operating revenues or expenditures. You did have some grant revenues last year. You don't have that this year. So that's the big reason for the change. 208,000 net of revenues last year, $8,000 net of revenues in the current year. And then the loss after it's all said and done, $3 million loss last year versus 4.1. You do transferring quite a bit of money from the sales tax is dedicated for the park. You do transferred in 5.5 million approximately in 2023. And that sales tax brings in roughly 4.7 million. So you can't continue to transfer in 5.5 million every year because you only bring in 4.7. So I would say just a general comment here is take a look at the expenditures and maybe try to level those off, stabilize those. Because $2 million increase over two year phases is tough that I guess. It's a lot. Any questions on page page 72? From that mayor, I just want clarification now. Just assuming a lot of this because I know Tim tightens his belt on all these budgets. $2 million is probably not a considerable increase considering what we're doing with the expansion. New staffing that you had to hire, equipment, retarfin fields last year, all the baseball fields. Yes. Yes. We're pretty much going from 75 to 75 acres to roughly 186 acres. Yeah. Counting the satellite bar. So it's kind of gearing up for the growth and full-time staff. Of course, we have a mobile crew now. But staff and wise, we're in the best place we could be now to take everything on. We're also going to be scheduling working a little different because we have enough full-time hours now to really cut into the contract. I mean, I didn't realize we're almost tripling our footprint, which is phenomenal. With what you're doing, I expect it there to be a jump in this. So it's not concerning. And then you bring it on two more ball fields. The ball, you bring it on amphitheatre that's got more chances for revenue, all. Sure. Yeah. So just a general comment that I'll make here. We're reviewing a lot of those processes internally and certainly cognizant of the opportunity to expand the recreation footprint and recognizing a lot of it was. The intention was accelerated because of drainage projects and what's the purpose? How do we maintain drainage projects long-term? And then also, I think the other factors. How do you balance the, you know, our sports complex? I think everyone would agree is a huge asset for our community. Balancing the customer service piece of it. But it's certainly noted, I mean, there's no expectation that we will be recommending or suggesting to the council that a trajectory of growth will continue at the pace that it has because we're really in our mind at a built-out status. But then also of that, I mean, really increasing the talent of the existing bench that Tim has, which therefore, are lessons that dependency on contract laborers. And then also evaluating the program cost and fees as well. There, we're starting to take deeper dives into individual P&L's for particular sports where we can, you know, look at, you know, the revenue taken in minus the expenses that we're paying on that same sport. So there'll be some potential recommendations, you know, on those as well. Once we take a harder look at it, that we'll be able to report back to the council on. Yeah, and the ORN inside too, you know, we had a big repair with the elevator, had to be totally replaced out. That was about 46,000. One of the units had the rec center about 25,000. So we had some wear and drink. We'll see you. All right, thanks, fine. That's my comments for utility funding sports complex. So with that being said, I'll turn over to my father and he'll go over the operation of the city as a whole. Thank you. Thanks, Brian. Okay, as Brad indicated, we're going to go over the highlights of the overall situation with the audit for last year as he just went over the sports complex and the utility fund. And those two account for approximately of the total expenditures, they account for about $12 million of the total expenditures of the city. But your total operational expenditures, exclusive of capital outlay, but it does include debt service is about 30 million. So this is about 12, but what I'm going to do is take everything, but those 12 he's already talked about. So let's go to page one. And at page one of the handout is going to be the overall totals compared to the budget that you had that you finally adopted. The final amended budget for last year ending June of 23. Everybody's got that first page. Okay, okay, first line item is the tax revenues. And the tax revenues are include the advolom taxes, franchise taxes, and of course sales taxes, which is the big driver here is the sales tax. So total budget was $18,653,000. You actually brought in 300,000 more than that at 18 million, 974. And this is an increase over the prior year in sales tax, just sales tax alone of about 5.3%. Now 5.3% for 2023 over 22, but 22 over 21 was a 16% increase. And 21 over 20 was a 17.8% increase. Now you don't see that here. I've just have those numbers available. I just wanted to point that out. We've had two phenomenal years prior to 23 with the increase. And 23 is good at 5.3, but when you coming off 15 or 16 and 18%, it is quite a bit less. So anyway, that's the situation on the tax revenues. So of the $18.9 million of revenues, $16.4 million is sales tax. So 16 and a half million, you can say, of the $18.9 million is sales taxes. And the balance of about 2.5 million is advalorum and franchise. Okay, the next line item is the licenses and permits. And here we had budgeted 1,336,000, came in significantly less than that at 981,000. Last year that number was a million 546. The intergovernmental revenues, here we budgeted 10,884,000. It came in at 9,379,000. Last year was only a million 738. What's in that 9.7 million is a couple of big drivers here is some grant monies, which is primarily for streets, which was about 5.1 million in there. And the ARPA monies will recognize this year. You had some that was spent on this complex and also some that was recognized as a replacement of loss revenues, which you were eligible to do. Total ARPA monies was 3.4 million. So included in the 9.4 million dollars, there's 8.5 million dollars, which is ARPA monies and mainly federal grant monies. So those two items, but generally, you're around the 800,000 in the intergovernmental revenues that come into the city. So that's, we're going to get to that just a minute and we're going to factor in what's the operating revenues are, the operating surplus for the year. Utility charges, Brad just went over this. You budgeted 8.3 million, came in at 7.7 million, 600,000 less than we thought. And last year that number was 7.3 million. Sports complex, sponsorships and fees. You budgeted a million, 457, came in at a million, 313. You just went over that. Last year was a million, 321. Fines and forfeits, budgeted a million, 2.45, came in at a million, 3.42, 96,000 more than we thought. Last year that number was 709,000 dollars. Year before that was 851,000. So a significant increase in the fines revenues. Miscellaneous revenues were budgeted at 741,000. They actually came in at 404,337,000 less than we thought. Total revenues for the city of Youngville. This year you had budgeted 41.9 million, came in at 40,100,000, a million, 7, below budget. You might say, wow, that's quite a bit. Remember you have a 5% tolerance. And if you look down at the bottom of the page, it's 4.1% less than what we thought. So it's a negative variance, but it's within the tolerance of 5%. The expenditures, how did we spend the money? Under administration, you budgeted to spend 2,337, spent 2,490,000 dollars. That's 150,000 more than what was anticipated. Last year was 2,054,000. Under public safety, made up of the police department, budgeted 4,678, spent 4,479, 150,000 less than we thought. Last year that number was 3.9 million. Fire department, and a lot of this is an appropriation to the fire department. Of course, you do collect some property taxes for the funding of that, but it's not sufficient. 2,182, on the budget, to be spent, you actually spent 2,234, $52,000 more than we thought. Last year was 1,570. And you can see last year was 1,570 this year is 2.2 million. The mayor and I talked about this today. Part of this, we think, and the mayor's pretty certain it is. Is that your help outside of the city limits is cost in the city this money. We're not getting enough from LCG or from other sources, but primarily from LCG, to fund for the outer city assistance that's being provided. So something needs to happen in that regard. I know you all have been talking about this. Hopefully we'll get some resolution on it. Yeah, and if I could just comment and mean council, you've heard. We've discussed this issue before. You know, just I don't have the numbers in front of me, but if I recall right, we're talking about roughly a third of our calls. As the last report I looked at, we're really responding to the unincorporated area. And you know, we, of course, as you know, we have a new parish council person. We have a new administration at the parish level. The free ride in the philanthropy is really that it's over. So everyone should be on notice that. I mean, we can't continue to fund, you know, helping our brothers and sisters in the parish. I think they'll, and I'm confident that our new parish council and administration are really going to take a, you know, concerted look at, is this a service at the unincorporated area would like? And I don't have, frankly, an opinion on it. I think I have an opinion on they need to be communicated to and a decision at the appropriate level needs to be made to know that. The other variable here would be, I think it's 42 or 42 and a half percent of our property tax is automatically, or marked for our fire department. So, you know, some of the improvements that you've authorized, the new apparatus, I think it was two or three new apparatus in probably three years, two years, three apparatus. This is just rough numbers. I mean, we've agreed to incur, you know, that, you know, that 10-year payment, that debt for that 10-year payment. The expectation is that the property tax will be climbing, you know, every year. So then at that case, you know, the reliance on the other funding sources wouldn't need to be, you know, as heavy as we see the property tax. Just worth noting, we have not received any property tax yet. I mean, we know that the parish sent them out late, you know, that's been well reported. But, you know, I'm sure that just from how I know I've received my property tax, it was later, you know, payments are being made later. So I think everything's just pushed back there. So that is the silver lining here with fires that I'm hopeful that. I mean, if we're servicing, what did I say? Like 300 more, you know, 300 more, you know, water customers on a similar amount of 300 more sewer customers, you know, logic would tell you that that's also 300 homes that are paying a property tax to where we should see the property tax contribution increasing as well. So I think it's fair to say that more, more coming, you know, in this story, it'll be, it'll be unfolding this year. But as we just pointed out, we're spending mayor $2.2 million for fire. And based on what you just said, like property taxes, we're bringing in about 600,000, maybe 650, relative to fire, that's earmarked for fire. So we've got a big gap there. And so something needs to happen so that that gap can hopefully close and be hopefully eliminated down the road. But anyway, we're hopefully something will happen. Streets and drainage, we budgeted $2.2 million, $2.94. We actually spent $2.2 million, $2.43, $51,000 less than we thought. Utility fund expenses, Brad just talked about it. You had budgeted $7 million, $2.43 million, you actually spent $7 million, $2.39, $4,700 less than you thought. Sports complex, budgeted $5.3 million, spent $5.4 million, about $85,000 more than we thought. Last year was $4.5 million in that particular category. We just talked about why it increased. Dead service, principal retirement was budgeted at $4 million, $148 million. And we actually spent $3 million, $607 on debt retirement for principal. $500,000 less than we thought. Interest payment to the fiscal agent and the bond issuance, $1,555 was budgeted. We actually spent $1,601 that's $45,000 more than we thought. Last year was $1,344. Obviously, we've issued some debt, so our interest costs have gone up over the prior year. A capital outlay was a significant item here. $14,848 is what was budgeted. We actually spent $16 million, $824 million, $9.76 over budget. Again, the budget is based upon where we think we are, or where we are, let's say for 10 months or nine months with the projects. And then you have to forecast how much is going to be needed or spent in the next three months. And it's kind of difficult because you don't know exactly where all of these projects are. But the funds were approved. I'll misunderstand because you approved the projects. They were bid in whatever cases. But the spending is what you're budgeting here on an annual basis. So $1,976 more than what was anticipated when the budget was amended. Total expenditures for the city, you budgeted to spend $44,577,000. We actually spent $46,144,000. That's $1,5 more than we thought. Primarily mainly in a capital outlay area, because some of the others were up and down in various cases. But that being said, remember the 5% variance, and the variance came in right at the bottom of the page. I've indicated it came in at 3.86% off of budget. So again, within the tolerance level, even though the numbers seem large, they are, but they're within tolerance. Access or deficiency back towards the middle of the page, you had anticipated an excess or deficiency in this case that you were going to spend more, primarily because of capital of $2.7 million more than we thought. We came in at $6 million, $68,000 more than we thought. That's $3.3 million difference from where we were anticipating at this line item. Now other financing sources, as you know with the government, when you issue debt, it shows as like another financing source, like a revenue source. 23 million was budgeted, 23 million, 590, and proceeds from issuance of bonds. It came in at $23 million, $786,000, $195,000 over budget. Gain on sale of assets, you had budgeted nothing, came in at $154,000 on sale of some surplus properties, and also proceeds from the capital lease, $620,000. Again, that's the issuance of debt for some leases. We hadn't budgeted anything there. So you had budgeted other financing sources, as 23.5 million that came in at $24.5 million, about $900,000 difference there. I'm going to skip down, and you can see Admiral O'Neill taxes from the utility fund. Brad talked about that earlier, and it's in other revenues and expenses. The very bottom line, the city, y'all had anticipated with the proceeds from the issuance of the debt, that you had ended up with an extra or a surplus, so to speak, an excess of 21.3 million. It came in at $19,000,000, $18,000, $9.55, $2.3 million, more than what was anticipated as far as the excess. Any questions on these items here? Again, the details are within the audit report, which is about 85 pages, so we always try and bring this down because we'd have to spend time going through about five or six different pages to even get this, and then you'd have to add all of this together. So we kind of put it together for you so we can present it here, and hopefully everyone can get the gist of what happened during the past fiscal year. Any questions? Okay, hearing none, let's go ahead now and look at the third page of the handout. Remember, I talked about earlier, we were going to try and look at what was the operating surplus. In other words, I'm taking out the capital outlay because that's kind of some one time expended years. I'm also going to deduct out of this some of the bond proceeds and so on. So let's look at this. Look at the last column. We have six years of history here for the city. So we started with that $18.9 million surplus on column for 23. That's the sixth column that's listed. $18.9 million. That's after the proceeds of the debt. But to that, I'm going to add back all the capital. We spent $16.8 million on capital. So those are one time type expenditures. We're going to add that back to that 18 million. But from that, we're going to take off the one time grants and bond proceeds that you had. And that number equates back to about 33 million. So the operational surplus or deficiency, but in your case, it's always been a surplus. The surplus for 23 when it's all said done from an operational standpoint, you ended up with $2,528,000 of surplus, operational surplus for the city of Youngville. And we have all the prior five years beginning with 18. And you can see it was 1.8 million and 18, 2.6 million and 19 from an operational standpoint. And 20, it was 3.5 million. 21, it jumped to 4.9 million. Remember that big increase I talked about in sales tax. We were showing tremendous increases of 16, 17% increases in 21 and also into 22. Well, 22 ended up at 6.2 million. And this year we're 2.5. But the overall, if you look at the six year average, I have highlighted down at the bottom of this page, the average per year for the last six has been 3.6 million dollars. So that's very good to have an operational surplus of this for the past six years. The concern that I would have is that our revenues have now flattened off. They've leveled off. And Ken and I spoke today and I think our sales tax are up maybe 1% Ken over the prior year, but we had budgeted 4%. So we're 3% behind budget on the revenues, especially sales tax, which is a big drive and force here, but our expenditures are there at a certain level. And you've had to get them at that level. So I would suggest that we just look at the expenditures and Brad kind of pointed this out earlier and see if there's any areas where we can improve some efficiencies and possibly some reductions if we could to level off some of these expenditures because our revenues have flattened. Ken, if you don't want to add anything to that, we concur. And we had talked about this and we had to exit at the latter part of the year in December with the administration. We had talked about these particular factors. So it's just something to consider and it's something to try and address. I guess the last thing that I want to look at is going to be on page 58. If everybody will turn to that, we'll quickly look at it. We've been looking at the operations of the city page 58. And now what I want to do is look at a one page. This is all of the assets of the city as well as the respective debts that the city has. And what's our remaining surplus, which is our surplus that we have accumulated over the years. And what do we have going forward? How many days can we operate? Or months can we operate the city with, you know, suppose we had a catastrophic event. So we're going to get into that. But look at the, I'm going to focus on the third column on page 58, which is the total numbers as of June 30th of 23, compared to the totals and the fourth column, which is June 30th of 22. So it's a snapshot. It's a balance sheet. It shows what's your assets, what assets you had at year in, what liabilities you had at year in, and what's our remaining surplus. So our cash, as you can see, was 6.8 million last year. The cash and interest bearing deposits this year is 6.2 million. We do have another 4.2 million that's been invested this year. We didn't have any of that last year. Total current assets of the city were 10 million last year. They're 19.3 million for the current year. The non-current assets, primarily your fixed assets, which is this building that we're sitting in, all of the assets, the park, the utility assets, the police cars, all of it. That equates non-current assets and is primarily fixed assets. You do have some restricted cash for construction projects. But primarily it's in the form of fixed assets. 136 million last year, it's 165 million this year. You can see the non-current. All assets of the city of Young'sville last year, 146 million this year, it's 184 million. Remember, we've issued some debt, as we talked about, 20 some odd million. We still have pretty much all of that as of June, to be spent on construction projects. But it's all included in that. But we'll look at our debt in a minute. Total current liabilities on the bottom half of the page were 10.1 million last year. They're 13.3 million this year. And then, your non-current liabilities are all shown, 46 million versus 72 million because we've issued more debt. So total liabilities of the city increased from 56 million to 85 million. So about a 29 million dollar increase in liabilities. And what's our remaining net position as indicated here? Very bottom line. Total net position of this city was 89 million last year of which we had reinvested about 79 million in the form of capital assets. And this year, we have a hundred million with about 78 million being reinvested in net capital assets. And we also have about 14.2 million dollars that's restricted for capital projects. What I want to focus on, guys, is the unrestricted, which is only 319,000 if everybody sees that. And I want to also add back the sales tax dedications of about 4 million dollars. Okay. So everybody sees that. It's about 4.5 million dollars. Last year, that same number, if you look at those two numbers, the 5.7 plus the 300,000 was about 6 million. So our available surplus going forward, taking out the capital assets that we've already reinvested and the capital projects, we're basically at about 4.5 million this year and we were at 6 million last year. So it's come down. And just to give you an idea, based on your operational spending looks like you would have somewhere around 86 days of available surplus, citywide, which is almost three months. It's 2.9 months. And as we've talked about in the past, you should have at least 60 days. Okay. So you're at, you can say 90 days. Last year, we were at 118 days. We were at four months. So we basically dropped about 30 days, about one month of surplus. And that's why we're cautioning that we need to get a handle on the expenses and be as efficient as possible because our revenues have flattened. So I wanted to point that out. Your general fund, and last year, your general fund was really down. We just look at the general fund itself because that general fund is used. If you can't find monies in a certain dedicated facility, but you need to spend it, the general fund is where you go to. So we want to look at the strength of your general fund. Last year, that general fund was down to about a half month. That's not indicated on anything that I've given you. This year, we're up to about a month and 10 days. Okay. So it is improving. But remember what I said, we're not at two months. We should be at least 60 days. So we're recommending that we look at this and maybe Catherine and her staff could look at it and maybe transfer some additional monies if we have some available, possibly from sales tax into the general fund to bring it back up to the 60 days. So but it is improving. That has improved. You would need to transfer about $430,000 to be able to do that. So. Okay. So we're going to look at a big mouthful of a lot of things here, operational wise and how we stand surplus wise going forward. So the higher that surplus is, the better off you are going forward. Questions. Matt, you have a question? I do. I was asking Mary, but I want to clarify. We talked about assets and earlier in this conversation here and you were going through several of them. You said police, other things. We're taking an account, the fire department, the multiple trucks, the stations and I said because they're independent. Technically some of the assets, we looked at this at the time of the audit, Catherine and you correct me, please. But I know some of them are not. Yeah. A lot of them are not. Okay. Right. They're on the fire department. Those assets. And there is not say that is because of the city, you know, purchasing a lot of this paying for stations that were just fine. But I want to make sure if we're not including that, that's good. No, we're not including it. So we're not including it in our assets would tend to be a little bit heavier. It would be heavier. Yeah, that's correct. Absolutely. Absolutely. So it makes the overall numbers here potentially a little bit better. Right. Right. We're giving you the worst case. Exactly. To clarify. Just to that point, if I'm not mistaken, it was the last three apparatus that we put into the cities. The latter of the rescue and the second engine we bought, which have been the last three. Correct. Yeah. The last three. But the only other station to station one is the station two is the number. Okay. So the last three have been put on the city mayor. Yes. The last three are in the city's name. Correct. I can't attest to how they've been. But I think they're on the fire department. Am I correct, Captain? I think we talked about that. The financing of the city. Yeah. Yeah. The last one is, um, uh, uh, uh, from fell into the new year. Correct. Because the first note isn't doing to, uh, but that one I think we put on to the city, correct? Yeah. Okay. And I'm just trying to paint the picture that, yeah, it's one of the cases. Absolutely right. Absolutely. A little bit healthier. Okay. Right. It would not still not what we wanted. No, not what you want to be mad, but, uh, but you're absolutely correct. It would enhance the city's position if those were on there, but that's not included. Gotcha. Thank you. Any, any other questions or comments? Hearing none, again, I want to thank the mayor, the council and the administration for allowing us to work with you again this past year. Uh, it's always a pleasure and we want to be your partner. We have to do our job, but we want to be your partner. So there's any questions or whatever. Please feel free to call us and we're starting to try and assist. Yes, sir. Again, we appreciate that we appreciate both of you, uh, Dwayne and the entire team that was here with us. I would enjoy having them around and, um, hopefully they enjoy being here as much as, as well. So thank you. The Catherine would say to say thanks sometimes. All right. So council, uh, as, uh, as usual, I mean, you make a motion to accept the audit report for the fiscal year in June 30th, 2023. So motion by Mr. Romero, excuse me, Romero, second by Bolgiano. Is there any comments from the council? Is there any public comment relative to the presentation? All right. I hear you. I'm a skidry please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Thank you, my skidry. Thank you again. Thanks again, Mayor. The report has been submitted to Bat Rouge as it was required to be, it was done prior to 1231 prior to December 31st. It may not be on the legislative auditor's website to be public because they take some time to do that. But it has been submitted. Everything's been done. And so we're good. All right. Thanks again. Appreciate it. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And it's something that I really很快. But I really has ever come to us with the research according to. So that's why we recommended bringing it in if it's something that you guys in the future want to take a look at once. You know, if you should approve it and you take a look at it if you like it, then it may be something to consider in the ordinance, I know you would answer any questions. Should they have any? I'm not sure that I'm seeing any at this time. Mr. Romero. Mr. Bruce, are you doing okay? I'm going great. Great. Just one question. Are you going with the same color scheme and everything? I'm going to do it again. Okay. I thank you very much. All right. Mr. Volgiano. I have everyone's. Then at grants, I'm going to motion to grant the variance. All right. There's a motion to approve the variance for Mr. Volgiano, Ms. Barra's, seconds. Is there any comment or question from the council? Any public comment? This is for a self-storage facility that's going to be just north of a seaball, a cross-fished restaurant. Okay. There's no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote for the variance. All in favor, motion to approve. All right. Thank you. How soon before we can have some crawfish? That's been being done. I know. I know. We're just, uh, taking the road bridge where we're trying to possibly put in the moan cap somewhere. You should just drive through from a couple days away. Yeah. Got it. Well, all right. Well, it's going to be expensive, right? I'm ahead. All right. Thank you. All right. Thank you for doing business in Young'sville. Thank you. All right. Yes, sir. Resolution 6.1. Resolution 204-01. A resolution authorizing the acceptance of a donation of movable surplus property from the Lafayette Police Department. All right. There's a motion by Mr. Volgiano and a second by Ms. Champagne. Is there any council comments or questions? No. I don't think there's any questions. No. I don't think there's any questions. There's a motion. I don't think there's any questions. I'm not chief. Anything that needs to be discussed before. Let them know, you know, if there's a motorcycle that's being donated from Lafayette Police to replace one of our older ones. So something gracious from them that we don't have to pay for. Instead of them, sort of, plus. They're going feet plus a direct with us. And we're able to surplus our older ones. They need to be replaced after this. All right. Thank you. I think there's a question, sir, from, uh, see I'm just going to turn the council mic songs up. I'm maybe from a couple of residents concerned about how we went about approving funds for, even though it's graphics or lights. I think it was in reference to your unit. But in reference to this, are we going to need to prove funds in the later months to have it the graphics done in wood on our equipment. It's going to transfer over and stuff like that. The equipment is the same on light scheme. That's the same. The only thing that's going to do changes is the two graphics on the tank. Awesome. We're doing everything else should run concurrently. What we have. Perfect. Appreciate you. Now, it's one of the compliment the chief. It was refreshing getting a female in notification this prior to the actual agenda. And I'm being presented to us. So if we had any questions, we could present to you. So thank you for reaching out. Yes, sir. All right. Is there any public comment? All right. The skidgery. There's a motion and second. Please call the vote. All right. Thank you, council chief. So we're going to start with you to do the necessary paperwork. This is to again to accept a donated motorcycle from the Lafayette Police Department. So we thank them as well. Ornances for introductions. We have won the seed in 7.1 is ordinance 488-2024 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville. Louisiana Minin section 24-23 rates established, describing the rates, charges, deposits for water, sewerage, solid waste, recycling, and service accounts, service by the city of Youngsville, Louisiana. Council, this is simply for introduction tonight because I want to give you the right information. Our adequate information is so that way you can make an informed decision on it. As you know, we currently are charging $23 to our residents for waste management service. That includes curbside pickup that also includes recycling. So the last increase last March from 20 to 23. The ordinance that you have currently does allow modifications for CPI. That's the consumer rate index. You know, the cost of goods. There's measurements out there about that. The audit report that you just saw shows, I believe that rate was increased. Assuming it was increased after the March council meeting adopted at the March council meeting from 20 to 23. You really only had the increase in April, May, and June. So I think that's what our auditors were referring to that we did take an increase last year. But it would only affected three of the 12 months of that financial report. So what we did was we took the, and just kind of given you my mythology behind it, where you can go and take the, depending upon your direction in the evening, if it gets rolled forward to a later meeting to be voted on again, we took the average number of customers and looked at what would that $3 increase be? Should you look at another nine months of revenue since we had the revenue only for April, May, and June? I think what you'll do when you go through that exercise is you'll see basically what we see in that it's, it brings you pretty much current to where you wouldn't be looking at an, you know, an operational loss within the sanitation department. The issue comes in is that waste management exercised two components of their contract. One is a CPI increase, which your existing ordinance allows us to move forward with. Should that be, but this one is a little bit larger than most of the, any one that I've seen, the CPI increase was 7.88% from waste management. And then it's also coupled with a fuel surcharge of 7%. And the existing ordinance does not have a provision to my knowledge to where we can make an adjustment on the, adjusting on the fuel surcharge without bringing it back to you. So in essence, a waste management notified us, you know, and well, the letter was dated August, but it was effective June, I believe, to where it was that's a 14.88% increase in waste collections, CPI and fuel surcharge. So last year's rate increase brings you current, but with the new CPI increase and the fuel surcharge, you'll be having a similar conversation at next audit report unless we make an adjustment there. One thing I also just want to share with you and mention is, and this is just, again, my mythology to present you, you know, information to where you can make an informed decisions. Currently, as you know, a public worksmanage is a branch to brief pick up, you know, several months of the year, it's once a month, several months of the year, twice a month, it's a pretty established program that our residents are accustomed to. That expense is probably about $9,000, $8,000 or $9,000, when we just look at the landfill cost alone. That's not your market any of the, you know, public works labor, you know, or, you know, the transport costs or anything like that. That's just the charges from the landfill is about $9,000 a month. Those expenses are not being captured within the sanitation department today. So I'm pointing that out there too, so that way you can just know the little bit, when you look at the profit and loss statement for sanitation, it's pretty cut and dry. Just know that it's absent the landfill expenses or any, you know, true accounting of the actual expenses associated with that service that's being provided. The other thing I just wanted to share with you, I mean, I know no one likes, you know, Pay more, I know I certainly don't, but one thing that I wanted to just share with you, and I put it on your place, I copied a news article. That was from the Acadian Advocate. Lafayette Consolidated Government did an RFP recently for garbage contractors. That RFP resulted five proposals. The one that was selected just started November 1st, it's been pretty, you know, documented in the news. And that service was curbside recycling and curbside, you know, trash pick up similar to what we are accustomed to here. And that bid that the LCG accepted for the city of Lafayette is $30.32. So I'm painting that picture for you today, you're at 23. I'm not of the opinion that we go up to $30.32. I think that's a pretty, that's a large increase. Even though I'm telling you the reality is waste management just went up 14.88% with one letter to us. So what's in the draft ordinance for you for your consideration as a result of the audit report and the noted, you know, the notation there. And really you can adjust the dollar amount as you see fit. I think right now in the ordinance for introduction, it's just $27. Happy to answer any questions about it or give you any information that you need there. Yes, sir, Mr. Ramara. During the budget, we were talking, you were talking about it was on the summary on the bottom left of page two in a garbage how we went from in 2021 to operating income was 210, 2010 cents and then went to a loss to 255. Looks like about almost with 670 or 650 can difference is what you stated. Correct on that. Is that 670 customers or and Terry might know this, I don't know. Getting a second can. Or is that outside of the norm like businesses or whatnot. I'm sorry, I know you're directing. I'm sorry. Now we waste management reporting there's 571 residents that have a second can currently in your in our ordinance. The second can should a resident choose to have ones out of cost of $12. If we just look at simply if you look at simply of the new cost. We're paying today when we just look at. Let's see when you look at when we just simply again look at the cost of waste management is charging the city 1879. This is including the the new fees I just mentioned so 1879 plus 723 for recycling. So that's not looking at any. That's just looking at assuming everybody's out of one you know one card you know household. So you said 18 for one. Which a price on your first card so you so basically it's like assuming everybody in the city has one card today. One card for trash one card for recycling waste management is charging the city today $26.02. And I'm taking it just off of their their letter that talked about the CPI and the rate adjustment. So the second the second can the second can cost is $10.41. You know from is what waste management is charging you. So I guess the in that's why I'm just without even a just talking about the second can yet 2602 is what waste management is charging the city of young's bill for trash and recycling $26.02. Our residents are paying $23. Okay so for we're losing money there. But and I guess my other thought was looking at opportunity. The game ground is when you have this second can are we charging enough do we need to charge even more of that because it's still essentially the same service. Yeah just more work at each at that household. Yeah so the or the the introductory ordinance that you're looking at the current charge for a second can that a residents paying is $12. And the introductory ordinance that you have that can be modified and your discretion is increasing that proposed that that proposed charge will be $14 for that service. And then just for I guess the public's you know the public's benefit. We still you know the 2602 is what waste management is charging us today that's not fact that's assuming that we don't need any staff person at all to feel you know waste management garbage calls when if garbage was missed or I need a new can. You know considerable amount of those calls come here so that's why you do see. And then there's a lot of other expenses within your sanitation P N L within the audit report. Because there is some labor that's allocated you know towards that that's the only other expense that we're coding. Without looking at it. Mariah Cat that's the only. I mean just better perspective we're only collecting 13 lower 13 grand a year for additional car. Right. So if we don't go if we don't do the increase on the trash the most would increase by how much we percent. One thing one thing that I have asked waste management for and they've agreed to provide is their mythology behind that. The second can charge you know because we know of course when residents calling request the second can. You know and making sure that that we're staying. That our accounting is is on par with you know their house count that they're charging for second cans. So there has there tends to be some fluctuation within that number so about that that. That difference you know may fluctuate each month like how many second cans are we charging for versus how many cans are they're charging for. That's something that that that's something that you know there's room for opportunity there particularly if they give us their report to say hey here's the cans that we've noted you know make sure your records reflect that as well that's not going to that's not going to make a huge difference in the overall number there though. I don't know what the number is but I'd definitely like to see as well on the second can to gain some ground somewhere. I'm just looking at. It's an easy win in my opinion and obviously we need to go up which is never easy to hear especially after a whole Magnolia water situation and so many people are worried about that but I think we've done a year and measure your team has done a good job presenting this to us every year to year and a half. And for a long time we didn't do anything we know nothing that's why we're catching up as well that's great any other I think another variable that for for when you talk about trash and sanitation the cost to recycle is considerably more than what it once was I think that's something that also we need to factor in you know. And that that cost recycling as I mentioned today is $7.27.23 per house is just what the raw cost is whether or not you use in the service or not you know years ago there was a much greater recycling market you know overseas where recycled goods could you know there was value in it reality is the cost for these waste companies to manage recycling now. When I say manage recycling I don't mean the logistics of picking it up you know but the market for selling those recyclable goods unfortunately decision what it once was a couple of years ago a couple of years ago that recycling number was was less than half. It wasn't that long ago we had waste connections that provided that same service and I believe it was three some for that I have to look back but I believe it was about $3 or so the cost for recycling is gone up considerably and in the CPI increase which is which waste management contract does allow them to do is what the big variable is I guess the good news is we're hearing I'm thinking and it depends on you know I'm not I don't have a prediction I have asked waste management what's their expectation for CPI. I increase you know moving forward I mean they've been non-committal to get to let me know what that is but they confirm that you can likely expect one and that would be you know June 1st because that's the contract anniversary so I'm just guess I guess what I'm offering to you tonight is presenting you some information you know so that way you know that that doesn't at your discretion whether or not that's a service that you want to subsidize from the market. I'm not going to be a customer of the same other you know funding sources because that's what's happening today. There's not one now. What is the what is that current cost per can for recycling that we're the were talking to the customers. So we're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. We're not going to be able to do that. I think one of the things that we can do upon our next renewal is really evaluate. Is that a service that you want to continue providing. Is that a cost you want to continue providing. Providing what's the outlook on recycling. Do you think that recycle goods are going to have more of a market. Or you know what what's what is that what does that look like and what's the pulse of the community with with regards to still wanting to have a recycling program. I mean, you can look around. You know, this is it's a new conversation for well, it's our it's our conversation tonight, but I can say that other government agencies are asking the same questions of their residents and of themselves about the to the extent that you want to provide a recycling service. So that's something, you know, and that's why you're seeing other. You know, governments mean when at contract renewal, you can look at options like eliminating that type of program you can look at drop off programs. And there's different. There's different. You know, I'm sure they'll have I'm sure they'll have options to present and consider. But keep it in mind that's likely going to be just more volume that would be picked up, you know, in trash cans if it if that was discontinued. Well, that's not my concern was I remember last year, you know, you and your staff and team that are really good job of trying to advocate on how to properly recycle because we were paying a pretty substantial increase in the difference because they were not recycling properly. So I guess I'm just thinking about it logically. I don't want to speak for obviously all residents, but I can I can the test that I see quite a bit of cans that are just filled with. You know, I'm trash and debris and recycling cans that aren't supposed to be in there. So I know we're absorbing that cost. And that's where the loss is. I mean, I don't I don't mind, you know, taking a little bit of a loss and in garbage, but are maintaining is where I'm about to be. But if we're if we're if we have to increase the cost at the risk of, you know, increasing the utility bills, just so that we can absorb a greater loss later on recycling. I don't know if it's going to be worth it. I don't know if we had something with the poll or something we get more information on, but. I don't know, I guess looking at it on a on a two to three year basis every time we review this, it's we're taking a pretty substantial loss continuously recycling and into waste. So if we increase that, I don't know where that loss is going to be. Just something to think about. I'm going to make a motion, but my right and I know we can amend this when it gets presented for final introduction at the next meeting. For making the motion, though, just everybody's on the same page. There's two adjustments on here. First one being the solid the base rate for solid waste item three going from 23 to 27, which is only a $4 increase, which is something that we talked about years ago about trying not to go up too too much. I'm making a recommendation though with the motion that will go from 12 to $17 for the additional cart, which would be a $5 difference. You're looking at about $34,000 a year. So I would like to make a motion. I find my agenda on ordinance number 488-2024 to prove as is recommended with the change on item three solid waste additional cart to $17 from $12. All right. Thank you, Mr. Ramara. Is there a second on his motion? I'm just creating seconds the motion. Miss Creed, did you have a comment, man? Just clarification. We're all from 23 to 27. I'm sorry. On the 12th, 17th, on the second. That was the only. Yeah, from what was recommended to us by administration and the mayor, the only suggestion I had was going instead of $14 from 12 to 17. So just an additional $3 on what they'd recommended. Okay. And this is only going to affect people who have the second can. Correct. You know, pay a little bit more because you're getting additional usage. That way it's not affecting the people who just have one can. Correct. Paying the additional. Okay. All right. Is there any council comment? All right. Any public comment? Any public comment? Yes. Yes, ma'am. We're not coming only so we can. You can be on the audio. Miss Cox. Hi. Are you all accounting for the credit card fees? That's associated with the payments. For example, if you're collecting $23 for waste management and the credit card fees are usually 3 to 5%. Is that part of the loss that's happening that you're not accounting that in? Yeah. That's a great question. So currently, well, let me let me answer it twofold. So currently, if you pay in your utility bill with the city of Young'sville, you're paying the use in a credit card. You're paying just the $23. Or the, you know, it's lumped in with water sewer and garbage. There's no convenience fee to pay with your credit card. So that's part of the loss. That's one of the, that's noted as an operational expense in the utility department. We don't have that specifically charged back to sanitation. But you can see that there is a charge. There is credit card processing fee charge within the utility fund. Yeah. I know that hurts a lot of businesses with the credit card fees. Thank you. Yes. Great question. Is there any other public comment? All right, Ms. Giddard, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. As is that ordinance will come back at the next meeting in February to be brought it again for final adoption. All right. Council, you have the staff reports in your packet. I guess we can start by letting Tim review his or you can discuss with Tim if there's a question on his report that he submitted for you. Okay. For that YSC, the baseball and softball registration will close on January 19. Again, we'll be the host for the girls will series this year. Biddy basketball continues until league play until February 4. The tournament's coming up right here in the in the in the soon would be the mardi Gras invetational, which is a junior college and D2 women's fast pitch softball tournament. February 2nd through the 4th. Our southeast and sugar beach slam, which is the collegiate women's beach volleyball tournament March 15th through the 17th. We've been officially war the conference USA women's beach volleyball conference tournament, which will be April 25th through the 28th. And then our mardi Gras mom will tournament will take place February 9th through the 11th. The 10 teams playing will be the Louisiana teams will be south eastern who's the hosting from Hammond Nichols from Tibado, ULM from Monroe. Southern from Baton Rouge. And then the out of state teams will be University of Wisconsin from Green Bay, Wisconsin. University of North Dakota from Grand Forks, North Dakota. Providence College from Providence, Rhode Island. Eastern Illinois and Charleston Illinois, UTA from Arlington, Texas and the University of Montana from Mizulu, Montana. Rec center wise, all pickable and free play continues with Council and Agent class is starting up again on Monday and Wednesdays at noon. Special events coming will be the Lions Club gumbo cookoff will be on Saturday, January 20th at the YSC soccer parking lot. And then just an update on the dog part, 211 large dog permits and 89 small dog permits for a total of 300 as of today. Any questions for Tim? All right, thank you Tim. Appreciate it. Some moments I just was that for an announcement or java. Okay. Pam. Okay, no problem. Sure. We haven't had a whole lot of progress since December on construction of roadway from standpoint between the holidays and weather. So we are starting with our contractor on Tuesday. We're going to start having weekly meetings for all of our projects since we want to want to be kept up on all of it with regards to fortune roundabout and roadway. They have started that they've started from the Bruce, Bruce art side. They've been clearing and groving because they're going to need to put dirt on their side. And then we need to remove some dirt in an area where we have to put our detention pond. So they are working. You just can't see them unless you go to the Bruce art side at this point. So today, I mean, you can tell behind sable palms like you can you can start to get a visual of where it will go. So it is it is better because we're connecting there and then come back towards doing our roundabout. So and because all you drain and Joey start downstream work your way up. So that is why so hopefully in the next month or so you start seeing them coming back towards 89. We had some great meetings with DOTD and the APC. So we're now at a point we are putting together the GMPs for concurrence with facility plan control. We do have a new project manager. There's a lot of people that moved around at state agencies. I'm sure you know. And so we are going to I think so Nicole and I for sure are going to go down there and just kind of meet the project manager and kind of give it to him in person to explain the projects thinking. So he'll understand what's going on. He is new to the agency. And so here we are handing him C more 90% concurrence on projects. So hopefully if we can get concurrence then you would have the full contracts for the fortune road and 89 signed. So the contractor could move straight in from all of his early work he's doing into the actual final construction for those projects. Our detention ponds of course are complete. We're doing final paperwork. We do have a couple of punch list items. Some a little bit of erosion on a concrete slab that we want them to address. So we're holding retainage for that to happen. So but I'm sure you've noticed with the rain they've been working very well. So glad to have them in place when we did. We are submitting our we have our drainage and bridge study reports to submit to for the river road. We've working with the O2D it's still scheduled for this fiscal year to start construction on the river air. Anselam Cooley we've completed our modeling and we've gotten feedback on environmental documentation. Of course they want to do archaeological investigations. So because they want archaeological investigations and I think we have a butterfly could possibly have a butterfly issue on one of them. You know how you have to check and make sure you have potential. Anyway, in doing the environmental we're asking them for an extension on the plans because I don't want to submit plans and then have an archaeological issue come up. We are doing survey so the contractor is there. I mean the surveyer is taking cross sections. So basically behind route 92 all the way down. Anselam to. Barrow so that we can have new cross sections in there. But we do have six alternatives and I need to sit down with you mayor on the six alternatives. What's which property owners we want to start meeting with to move forward on that. So the alternative is all good. All provide relatively the same benefits so it's going to so the good thing is we have six different places that we can put the pond in. Along the way road we're meeting with the different property owners in order to kind of finalize where we think the alignment is going to be. We're meeting a meeting with slim co for two weeks from now to talk to them about the easement kind of start talking about utilities so that we know if they're okay with our alignment on long and a road. We've completed the survey for the Prescott roundabout and we're at 50% plans with with that particular project on the Prescott 92. So we're waiting for 90% complete with our survey along 92 for your future sidewalk drainage project. And then we're waiting we are we have one more approval from enterprise to get so that we can start on the drainage and the roadway work for Valesco crossing. So through the first tier of all those and we're getting the final sign off that they believe everything for drainage and stuff they were actually fine with they've been told us we wouldn't have to do the normal concrete bridging we have to do over because it is very deep. So we're just we're one step away from our letter of no objection to get started on Valesco crossing. I don't know how to actually last many but have we heard the update back from the state legislature on how much the additional funds we're going to need for young so highway when we could possibly hear back from that. To the additional funding so we can I know if it's not a chance to ask how we're not doesn't seem like we're doing much work but I try to explain the best that between the design phase and pipeline and then funding source so that's kind of the we're just kind of in limbo waiting to hear back. So we did hear back so we know how much we can do for our 60% based on our 60% plans and the 60% GMP you have enough funding right now to do fortune to ambassador so the next so right now they're all starting their sessions and we've told them that if there's any way that they can do an extra approval we would love to have it but if not it's going to go through this regular legislative session to do it but that would be the next phase. So we're going to have a couple of days from fortune back to the 92 roundabout we did have a very productive meeting for some what I'm going to call interim alternatives for that section to get to you some of your credits that you have from DOTD to get cash for that so that we definitely could do some sort of I'm going to repair from fortune road back or basically like a patchy milling and overlay in the interim while we're designing because there are so many utilities that we're working on and individual businesses we need to see but it's not going to stop us from doing the other part. So we're going to have a contractor on 89 with the GMP now that we've kind of gone through and found funding mechanisms for some of the other projects that we have we can do and we do have enough money for that phase so the phase that we want to do and the plans that we have you have enough money right now for that. So we're going to have a timeline back on completion from that original point I'm assuming because I think we first started this it was like three years maybe maybe a hinge more from like beginning conversation to completion and robable I'm assuming that pushed it back to another six months to a year I would have to say. Probably six months but keeping in mind that when we had said like three years from that point knowing just like around about normally takes you 15 months but could take you a little bit longer because it was this so we did put some additional into that but what we said to do the whole thing all the way back down to the roundabout was going to be close at a five years to get all of that done just because you can't close it all at the same time so you may have added six months maybe not if you end up having good weather like you had this last year then you can be surprised how much you can get done. Well, again last week I mean there's there I appreciate the question because there are so many moving pieces I mean to all of this the funding the plans that even when funding comes at the state level getting it through the bond commission getting the contracts approved it's it's extremely lengthy and then you know you really need it all to be complete before you can direct the contractor like where is he starting where is he stopping recognizing like how long they holding their price for there's a lot of money. There's been a lot of variables I think the good news right now is we're taking advantage to the best of our ability are trying to leverage to our advantage to the best of our ability new new legislators and also a new administration because we have close to three million dollars and I've referred to it as monopoly money credits because we've initially taken ownership of 89. So now we have their credits but we're trying to determine how can we best apply those credits we've spent years trying to play the game of okay I have your credits thank you so that's now a young zool road we wanted we we're doing young zool highway with capital outlay so we want to use those credits on another project within the city. But it has to go through so many hurdles with the state in our argument is that we took it it's a city road it's our project let us do with it how we want so we were we met with representative Jacob Landry before he was already before he was sworn in just to get him up to speed on it senator kusonspin very knowledgeable understanding of course as representative bowie and also our local do td office. You know so we're trying our best to unlock those credits to apply to cash on the prod on 89 so that way it'll continuously work even if that credit is unlocked for an overlay from fortune like south to 89 because let's face it as that roads rebuilt you know you still the existing two lanes could be rebuilt could be overlaid with it if they advance if they convert those credits. So that's to cash any administration has the ability to do it so that's what we're that's trying that's what we're leveraging and we haven't stopped design because the good part about if we were doing this design bid build you we wouldn't be at 100% plans but we're at 90% plans on fortune and we're pat beyond 60% plans on 89 so the contractors been given several rounds of plans and has given us prices all along so we're in a great position that's going to be a good plan. And that's why you haven't seen the construction we're still moving forward on all the other stuff the getting the the approvals moving utilities and things like that. If we'd given everything to the contract he still would have been waiting for all these utilities to get moved so like I said I think you're going to gain some traction on your timing because he's just gonna have that much more information and that much more the utility things that were getting out the way while we're waiting on all of this so we didn't stop trying at the whole time we were looking for a transaction. at what can we do and what can we get out of the way so that when he gets in there it's just done and you I mean it took months first just to get that poll and the AT&T stuff so a lot of people might not have seen it but he never would have been able to start at that roundabout because of that one poll that he used to have all the police cameras on so that was several months to get that done and to get the AT&T line moved out the way and then several months working with enterprise typically a gas company will tell you it takes six months to get a permit from them but yet they won't give you the permit and won't review it till you have the plans far enough along because they're you they want like a hundred percent plans so we had to expedite plans to get them to a point to get the permit to get the permission so it's a lot of move because they're not used to see more so you know we're working with a lot of utility companies and they're you know saying hey this is what it is and changing things for them to accommodate them but again telling them the process so it does get their attention because we can't tell them we do have a contractor on board and he could dig any day now so we've kind of and we've put a lot of things on them so those two see more projects plus push and valesco crossing and you know awesome we'll hope our residents can be understanding I know we preface we want to be as transparent as possible but if we kind of get caught in the weeds have explained the details because it's of such great yeah it's of such great details so people don't really want to they don't care to hear about it because it boars in but from reality that's just the reason why the government is what it is today so we're removing behind the scenes but it's uh right they don't see asphalt so they don't that there are people that I think have asked questions because they don't see asphalt they don't see dirt or whatever but there's so much that has to be done before that that if you have had all of the stuff moved you would have never been able to get your contractor you'd have been moving relocations getting other utility companies to do it and then you'd have designed big build after it was all done all right thanks Pam Susan gave anything to report to the council so yeah on the waste water treatment plan upgrade and pump station for upgrade we're awaiting the completed rate study that's underway for the water treatment plant we receive the authorization to go to bed so we're going to be setting that bid date fairly soon for the elevated tank and the water lines interconnections we're waiting awaiting that rate study and we're working on the sugar mill pond pump station upgrade so that's underway oh I think what I what I want to do and I wanted to call your earlyers I want to schedule a meeting next week what I'd like to do we've been planning the water elevated storage tank and also the water treatment plant for for years now and you're ready we've had a lot of hurdles to go through no different than what Pam was just outlining permitting funding the the the affordable I mean grant you know with the latest the latest hang up just so you know to the council is we we were able to successfully compete in we're awarded a five million dollar grant for water improvements and a five million dollar grant for sewer improvements the caveat with both of those is that you have to they it's a grant but they want to make sure that your your system the feasibility of your income is sufficient to be able to operate and maintain set plant wants to give you the grant so it was so what has happened is we've now been submitted with a draft report for water and sewer it's a rate study and the draft report I mean just to throw it out there is basically a $1,300 impact fee for new connections to water I'm not talking about a resident moving in our out I'm talking about new development new construction new development so I'm talking about development costs not you know buying a new house and an existing neighborhood so with their draft report is this $1,300 for a water impact fee and I'm sorry you just told me the sewer one I think it was 1700 1700 for for sewer so while we're reviewing that draft report I think it's also incumbent on us now that we have a new CFO we have some new internal staff I want to regroup with you just to review the project and to also review you know like the scope of the project the benefit of the project the expected OPC and then also the you know the debt service on that project just so we can kind of you know in the room comes to the same agreement you know with with not not specific I mean we look at the end of the day if we have to accept you know a $1,300 water connection fee and a $1,700 sewer connection fee for new development from a certain date forward that may be the cost of doing business because and we're evaluating that because reality is that's $10 million in grants that are on the line to receive those funding even if we put this hypothetically this water plan out to bid what I want to make sure what I want to what I want to make sure about the water plan is hypothetically if it came in under budget you may say well you don't need the grant but the reality is what you still want to accept $5 million grant regardless of what the bid price is on the water plan so I think we need to have just a little bit of a conversation internally you know just so we can I can get on your team players up to speed you know on that and then also you know with regards to like the I mean this has been a progressive prod project no different than you know building a road I mean we've drilled we have three new deep water wells that we can't use full throttle at our existing plan there's a second component which is an elevated storage tank on in our southern city limits that will help boost and strengthen the LUS purchase system we operate two systems here so I want to just review kind of both of them you know what was the goal when you know how we're accomplishing and how is that relative to our current rate of growth today is this all started with the growth study yes that's where five years ago yeah maybe so I think it's just incumbent upon and we can do this pretty quickly I'm just talking about like an internal workshop where we can get up to get up to speed on it is the water sectors ask that we've met all we've met all hurdles now they're asking us to bid the project within 30 days so that's what I wanted to convey to you today sure sure yeah and yeah and they want our comments on their rate study so I think we all need to be on the same page as to how we want to go forward and what we do want to do with regard to the rates absolutely yeah okay all right any questions for Susan all right are there any are there any other staff or council comments or announcements yes sir oh I'll come back to you Miss Creed all right mr. Boljana yes I do not have anything in great detail in reference to what I'm gonna I guess convey our far rating report came back we did maintain a class the ring it was a higher class to read them what we previously we previously were four years ago chief revets gonna be working with the rating team the deals with the rates is to find out exactly you know where where the areas that we can grow and critique in I'm sure he'll be able to pull back to you with some of those findings and whatnot so for the homeowners say your your homeowners insurance rates from the far side will not have an increase not to say they want a decrease but as far as they should stay flat and remain the same and then we're gonna continue to obviously diligently work to improve that rating to to lower those rates down over the next few years till we get rated which will get rated for four years so awesome I didn't I didn't year so that's great maintaining a class theory but improving the class three I think is a theme it's a great spot to be right now yeah and thanks to the obviously the tax base in the city the increase of a new I've not just a new apparatus but more or less the manpower in the stations and then the hydrants that the I've written the water lines was the main thing so all three of those were the big proponents of keeping that class three so awesome good to know miss Creed this one is an announcement from on behalf of the chamber leadership young civil applications did open up yesterday and they are going to be accepted until March 8 so each application in all right thank you miss Creed class five that's very exciting so we welcome we welcome everyone to to sign up to be more active and learn more about the leadership program all right any other announcements all right is there a motion to adjourn councilman Ramara keep an announcement yeah just real quick we still have another meeting but we're going to do our annual keeping young civil beautiful on Saturday February 17th which is always the Saturday after mortigal it'll be at we'll convene at sugar beach complex sets us up Angie's already got everything on the website Facebook all that so we've already got about a dozen people who've signed up just in the last three four hours so great job and it's open to any community group individual resident business owner to come participate wonderful thank you all right miss champagne it makes a motion to adjourn is there a second all right second by miss Barra is all in favor meeting adjourned thank you all so much have a great evening