 you We המק Good morning everyone it is Thursday August eight twenty twenty four tonight is the regular, schedule city council meeting for the city of Yongeville for there are invocation I'd like to invite Pastor John Cannon from Asvery United Methodist to lead us in our invocation. And then, if you remain, staying in and Boris. Pastor, welcome to Yenzo, sir. Thank you. Let us pray. All loving and evergracious God. We give you thanks for this life and all of its wonder. For family and friends and neighbors, for opportunities to bring goodness to the people around us, and for the privilege of serving those to whom we are responsible. We pray for this community that it might be a place where people can thrive together, that it might be a place of cooperation and caring, and that it might be a place where loving kindness builds bonds of peace. We pray for our elected and appointed leaders and all who serve in civic life, for wisdom in the fulfillment of their duties, for a sense of meaning and purpose in their work, for fairness and equity in their decisions, and for integrity in the service of the public interest. May their work here this evening be a gift of goodness to the people, bringing prosperity and safety to those who call Young'sville their home, and promoting the well-being of all who may pass through. We pray this in the name of the God who steadfast love and self-giving grace is a light of guidance for our lives. Amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands one-an, under God, indivisible with liberty and justice for all. Thank you. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Bares, here. Ms. Volgiano, here. Vermeiro, here. Ms. Cree, here. Ms. Champagne, here. Thank you, Nicole. For recognition's persons to address the City Council, this evening in Dignyle and Sierra D'Oedinances Canada, to see for City Council Division D. Nick, welcome. Hello, everyone. Thank you all for having me here today. Like Mayor Ritter just said, my name is Nick Nyland, and I am running for City Council Division D. I'm a husband and a father, and I've been in Young'sville for about eight or nine years now, and I also started out by thanking all of our teachers. I know today was a great day for all of them, getting to see all of those fresh, new smiling faces, and I know 13 years ago, 14 years ago, for me, it was my first day as a teacher and a coach in my first career, and I know how exciting that was for me, so just to shout out to all the teachers out there. And then just to kind of give like a little brief rundown on me education wise, I got my degree in education. I got my second degree in nursing, and my third degree was my master's and business administration of the healthcare, with a folks in healthcare management. I wanted to get involved in Young'sville because of leadership Young'sville. I was in the first class. It did a great introduction to the city, got involved with the Chamber, now involved with the Rotor Club of Young'sville. I think the greatest thing that you can do in a community is to be a public servant. And I think being elected to the city council would be able to provide me with that next level to really be able to serve my community. And that's really what I'm looking to do. My focus is on economic development, our local businesses, growing our local businesses, and then focusing on community. Without community, you don't have anything. And so I'd really like to focus on that. I'm gonna keep it short and sweet. Just again, thank you all for having me. I'll see y'all around. I'll be knocking on doors. And I look forward to this whole process. Thank you Mayor, thank you council. Thank you citizens of Young'sville. Thank you, Nick. Best of luck to you in a couple of November. Thank you. All right, the item 4.1 is approval of July 11th, 2024 council meeting minutes. Motion to approve. Motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Mr. Romero. Is there any comment related to the minutes? Any public comment? Okay, no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All right. Yes. Just the Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Cree. Yes. Ms. Shampa. Yes. All right, thank you council. A gin the item. Shampa. Motion approved. All right, thank you council. A gin item 5.1 is approval of the June 2024 finance report. Move. Okay, a motion by Councilman Romero. And second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any council comment or discussion? Okay, Ms. Catherine. Are you still using Greg? Okay. My apology, Mrs. Greg or Miss Greg. She was recently married. My apology. Maven, and it's been busy. I haven't changed it yet. Looking at the financial report, sales tax is over last year's time for in the quarter. So we're on a good trend there. And then last comparative for last month, we're about 2.7 percent of increased. We've also done some corrective measures on our AUP. I read upon procedures for audit. So we want to highlight those here tonight. Various policies listed. Number one, we're continuing to fine tune. We're still currently working to implement procedures to correct numbers three through six. For various other. Okay. All right. Thank you. Great to hear about the sales tax. Any comments or discussion of questions? Any public comment relative to the financial report? All right. No public comment. I'm a skidry. Please call the vote. Ms. Barraz? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Emerald? Yes. Ms. Crey? Yes. Ms. Shampine? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Councilor Jean-Natham 6.1 is request for preliminary pletipruvil of sugarmobon phase 10C. Okay. Is motion by councilwoman Shampine to approve their second in councilman Barraz seconds? Council, any comments or questions? Are any public comment related to the approval of sugarmobon phase 10C? Okay. Here no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote to approve. Ms. Barraz? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Emerald? Ms. Crey? Yes. Ms. Shampine? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Councilor, other business 7.1, Ms. Monica Abshires here this evening to request a setback variance for a mobile home located at 112 Young Street. Yes. Ms. Abshires, come on up. Good to see you. Same here. Good evening, Councilor Mayor. I'm here asking for a variance on 112 Young Street. I have a home up down there for sale. And for since 2004, we've had a trailer on the side that was my daughters and then my other daughters and my cousins and my cousin passed away last year. A trailer was moved last year after 23 years. That one's been there. And I just lost a major cash sale because they were told first by somebody at City Hall that yes, you can have a trailer there. So we saw in all the preliminary papers and did a constancy sale and then a week later, her real estate agent decided to call City Hall herself and they said no, cannot be done. So I'm here asking y'all if we could please do some type of variance being on how to trailer there for 23 years. Everything set up for it. The polls are still there. Electricity is there. Water's there. I mean, I've lost one sale. I just don't know. My mom has a trailer park right on the side of it and yes, it doesn't sit in the trailer park, but there's a trailer right across the street from it. So I don't know if you're familiar with that, but it's right behind actually behind VFW and more of a launch in the dog place. There's a home there and then the trailer was on the side and there's another home. Yeah, we gave the have a layout in their package. Okay. So I'm just here asking if something could be done about it if possible. If not, I completely understand. Any questions from the council? Councilor, I see a board. And you're so you're trying to sell the home itself and then the lot that is currently vacant. It's a home with the whole property. Yes. And so what's the conflict with the variance there? Yeah, so the the conflict our land use code requires there to be that a mobile home has to be 10 years or less, which is an applicable here. I assume that it would comply with that, but the particular provision that this would be in conflict of is that the code of ordinance requires a 30 foot enhanced setback in all four locations of the proposed mobile home on the on the graphic that I think we have for you. Nicole circled the location the tax assessor sites actually a little bit dated. So the where it's circled is the desired location for Mrs. Appshar. As she said, there's not one there now. And if if one would be placed there now, it would be in conflict of the 30 foot setback requirement, mostly because of the that would be I guess the set the southern and then the the eastern property lines because it would have to be 30 feet from each of those two property lines. I mean, there is no conflict necessarily next to her house or we didn't measure it off of the road in that particular direction that way. Yeah, I'm looking at the updated on Google maps and the aviath foam. I mean, if this is involving any other mobile home, it looks like they wouldn't even meet the criteria either. As far as the the right of ways, like none of the other current ones that are there now wouldn't meet the right of ways either. Yeah, the difference with the neighboring property that's ruby deans mobile home park that we currently have classified, you know, we know that that's the use there. So if if if one were to come out of ruby deans mobile home park, the only requirement in that case, I believe would be that it would have to be the age requirement of 10 years or less because that we know that property, you know, is already kind of it's already designated that that's the use there. Okay. And the only area is the ones connected to instrument no a bear in them because all the rest it's all family property. So 30 feet from me to my brother's house to the road, it's all family. So we have no problem, you know, we're fine. It's always been. I never had a trouble with Elton or Rubin L either, but I know there's a law or whatever else said with a 30 feet and there's not 30 feet there. And I'm asking if that could be. Miss Shampon. Oh, thank you, ma'am. Oh, ma'am, can you remind us vaguely remember what do we do with the dogs alone because wasn't there. Yeah. Another building that maybe I wasn't on the con. I'm not sure then, but I worked for you. We allowed it. It was a setback on a side variance, but this is our variance was. If I'm not missing, I think that if I'm not mistaken, well, you know, I don't even have to let me defer to Pam. Oh, I'm sorry, Pam. Am I on the mayor and I always pick about my memory when the salon to Shampon came and they wanted to add while it was a, I'm going to call it a manufactured building of some sort, they did have to meet the facade ordinance. So we didn't, they, because they didn't want to meet the facade ordinance because the facade ordinance came into place after they had ordered, but before they ever brought it and before they ever brought plans. But the council took the position of you still have to meet the facade ordinance. That's the new ones. So they weren't able and one of their reasons they didn't think so is they were like, well, there's trailers all over. And that didn't, the council said, no, it doesn't matter if there's trailers all over you stuff to meet our new ordinance. So that, that is what occurred with regards to that one. And so we made them do things that they had to do. Otherwise they were just planning a, I hate to say plug and play, but just bring that one on board and we did make them do some upgrades. That's, that was pre-COVID. That's been a lot. Yeah. Shampons that satisfy your question. Okay. Was it because it was a business? Manufactured. I mean, I'm building. Well, even though it was a business, like the point I was making was they were saying we might be a business, but it's trailer by trailer by trailer. And the council said, even though it's trailer by trailer, what we're saying is you still no matter what, they wouldn't grandfather them in for not having to do a different ordinance. So I guess the, in answering what I'm going to say is while it's a business, grandfathering wasn't allowed to be able to get them a variance because they asked for a variance from meeting that because of the fact that everything around there was trailers. So why did it matter if it had a facade? If it had, that was my part. Mr. Mayor, I miss Monica. Hi. 30 feet is what city asked for. What are you asking for? Do you know with your parents? What are you trying to get down to? I really, whenever I have an issue, so I really have no, you haven't gotten to that point to measure it off like if 20 would work or 25. No, because I didn't realize it was an issue until this came up. Yeah. But when the charity was there part of that, my husband might like how many, maybe 10 feet, 12 feet, it's not much before it gets to Elton. Yeah. Oh, I mean, that's on the setback. But again, Elton, right? You're talking about more bonds property? Yes. It touches my property. On the rear. Yes. I think that's the southern, the southern part of the issue. 23 years we never had a issue. And have you talked to? Can you? I mean, no, because I needed to come to y'all first. Yeah, no, no, I totally get it. I totally get it. I mean, that knowing what our setback, what our setback requirement is and then what kind of variance you're asking for can play a very heavy part in whether, you know, we decided to do it or not. I mean, based on what I would do. And the rest of the council, I don't know, that's up to them. But I mean, if it was like a five foot setback or some of that in my, your variance, it would probably be a little more realistic. But if it's a, you know, 15, 20 foot, that's a big variance. So that's why I know you. And no, he's too, depending on what, so I straight it would, and again, it's only the next people come up and say, look, we want to put a trailer there. But I will, but you don't know what they're wanting to do. I'll lose that too. So. It was a trailer. It was a trailer. Well, yes, it was a woman moving that takes care of her mother who lived in a trailer at 73 years old. That's very ill. And it was a perfect setup because her daughter lives in honor of rich. Didn't work out because again, she calls city halls, but what's up, she called herself. And they said, yes, you can do that. And then thank God, the realtor. After we signed everything, the realtor decided, well, let me call and check. Spoke to, did I tell you, Garrett? Yes. Garrett said, no, it can't be done. There's an ordinance on that. Right. That's when I call out. Yeah. And we don't, I mean, I don't just speak with the buyer said, but we don't know who she talks to. No, it doesn't matter. It doesn't. Yeah. Because I mean, the call would have been, it should have been worked. The decision she was misled. So. Yeah. And signed and put a down payment and everything. And it all felt. Do you have a prospective buyer now? Or you're trying to get all this work out? I'm just trying to figure out before I get it back to the realtor, I want to know how we can word this because we have it worded that you could put a trailer there. Yeah. And we need to, you know, see what can be done. She was supposed to be here, but she had to go around to a house and get the rose. She was trying to meet me here. All the property that's not actual. I know that's the problem. Is that, I mean, if we knew what the size of the mobile home was that was going to go in there. If we knew what the variance was going to be exactly, I think a decision is easier to be made as far as I can make. I would from a. We got an 80 foot there. And the tongue, we have the tongue facing more vans. And we still were probably five feet, I'd say, from more vans if you push the tongue under, you know, you're giving 10 feet. And then from there, you know, if it's going to be a variance backing up to more vans, a letter from them or something stating, you know, hey, they'd be okay with this. You know, this is, you know, whatever it might be, that always helps. But there's a lot of unknowns right now. Right. So we have like 20 feet. What you would say to the precondry from the end of the trade to the precondry, you could pass two cars so we could always move it up. If need be, there's room to move a trailer if we have to move it up a little bit. But I just need to know, can is this feasible or not before I even go further with this? I think, I think the challenge or misschamp, I think you. So, did you want to say something, or? Well, I agree with that. I think if we had a little, if we knew a little more about what that exact variance would be, it would help us make a decision. But we can't know that until you know that. And the other thing is my question to the mayor or someone on set. I'll try my best. Have we granted any variances for the mobile home ordinance since it came into place? The 30-foot setbacks that you'll weigh on. I think, so you just came under the base. I don't know if it was going to be more than one. There was one on Cain Derek several years ago. Do we know what the footage was, what the variance was? I think the challenge here is that it's speculative, too, because we don't know if the next, I mean, we don't know if it's even something that the property owner, the new property owner would want at that location. So, I mean, what you would be doing is really granting a variance on a circumstance that may not happen. And then is there an expiration to it, or what's the, it would just be attached to the property. But. And this morning, I'd hate to say, hey, let's do a variance for 10 feet, but they need 11 feet. You know, we don't quite give you what you, you know, if what we might think is working, then you got to come back anyways. Or we grant 10, but really they only need five. So should I, if somebody comes up with the same scenario, should I figure out the, I would recommend you probably get the recorded plot of the property itself and know exactly how many foot, footage you're going to have from the setbacks, or you know off the bat. That way, when you're, however you're going to word that, they'll know exactly what size trailer can go there from the jump before, I guess before you have to even come thus, you might not even need a variance if you're, if the setbacks, I guess wherever the properties recorded at is, if you would need like a 20 foot setback versus if it's a five, you would know that before you would come to us. So you could, you could tell them exactly what would link the trailer they would need. You may be to just move it forward more without having to come for a variance. I would probably just start there and find out exactly what the, the properties recorded as with the, you know, the details of the lot size. And then I would look at that that way. That's not per se a lot. It's all combined into my property. But I don't have a trailer lot. The trailer was my daughter's in my yard. Yeah. Well, then I would, I guess then I would, I would measure off the, I would measure off the, the setback from the back of the property line. And then, in the term, if that's, you know, if it's, if it's a five foot difference between being compliant for 80 foot trailer, if it was moved up and not being compliant, then you could come back for a five foot variance, or if it may fit, if you just moved it up, you mean I need a variance. But I would measure off the setback of what's currently coded as today before you would, you know, to determine that. But I would, I would say that I mean, even, but it's, it's not, it's not, it's on more than one size. Right. I think it's not. You don't want setback. Yeah. So I'm only worried about the one's face and more bonds. Again. Well, I mean, but if it's, I mean, if, if you have to come off the rear setback, then it, it could encroach on the front with a straight and everything on the setback and easement or anything like that. So I think that's why Lindy is saying, if we, if you get the measurements to make sure what exactly can fit there. And if you do need a variance, then it's a lot easier to say, look, I'm fine with the front setback and everything. I just need two feet for the setback on the rear. That's what I come back to y'all. I mean, I know this is definitely not 30 feet. Yeah. No, no, no, go ahead, Pam. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just to kind of remind, in the previous ones, it's because Councilman Shumpheim has asked, they did come, they had what their plat was, what their dimensioning was, and what they were asking. I think I remember one being a hardship. I think something had burned down and what they were trying to put back, didn't so that was one of them. But I would, you mentioned that this is all part of one lot, that there was a trailer and it was all part of your property. Well, my home's there and we share the driveway. Okay. So now you have separated that property for sale. So okay, so I guess I'm confused that you lost the sale. She had the property today is listed for sale. The whole thing with her house, your house and everything. Okay, so what they're trying to do is if they bought the whole thing, would they be able to put another trailer on that same one? Yeah, okay, right. Okay. So anybody's ever come to us with that kind of a wood if, no, it's not to sell a lot part trailer. Okay, so the home and somebody be able to put a trailer. So yeah, so when we've had, so if you're going to be putting a trailer on that same piece of property, the one that I recall, there was one I think downtown sometime. Again, they brought what their plat was, what the dimensions of everything else that was on that house and what they would have in between. So we've never done one of the wood ifs. It's always been that they came to us and said, this is the size trailer that we're going to put. This is what's existing on the lot and this is what we need and we had something in writing. So that is what we had on the previous where you guys did grant a variance. I do know one, it was to one was to replace one was an additional one on a large lot that they had multiple. I think we were working, our attention was to work with the buyer and have the buyer make the case as opposed to just a speculative, like what if scenario that's all of your microphones are on by the way. And Ms. Monica, it could be as easy as taking what was provided to us, blowing it up a little bit and just putting the rectangular. Well, I have the flats on there. Okay. And you could write the dimensions from there on that and submit it back to Garrett and I was in Garrett. We want to see this. So I don't know. I don't. It'll still be rejected for the reason, you know, it's not going to have, I don't see a scenario where it's going to have 30 feet and all. No, it will not have 30 feet. There's no possible way on how 30 feet. Yeah. So what you're wanting after 23 years, you're not grandfathered in or I mean, is there unfortunate things that you know, I mean, because of age requirements and stuff of mobile homes and what laws are passing everything on those, you have to be a certain age on them. We have requirements on like Pam said, setbacks and all that. So it doesn't infringe on other property owners and stuff. But not to say that a variance cannot be granted in certain situations. Okay. Yeah, it's just not enough information for us. I can't give anymore because I'm just going on this scenario that just happened. You know, and it might be if they're still interested, maybe have them, you know, that's what I'm before coming because they were going to try to meet me here, but they've already found something else as of now. The last, the last prospect they moved on. Yes, because it's, she's coming from Karen Crow and her husband, her spouse died and she's a widow and needs to get out because it was his property. That's what I was told. So and the daughter was said to have been perfect right here because she's the middle town. They ride their grandmothers there and you know, but I understand. I think you have a beautiful house. I mean, I think you have a beautiful house. Yeah. Thank you. So if this comes up again, can I just contact, not Garrett, but why not? Well, you know, I'm seeking direction really from the council. And I can only, I can only permit what they allow. And I understand that. But it's like, if I can get the, the footage and the measurements and. Yeah. Here is my cell phones on their emails on there. Feel free to send it to me. I will even distribute it to the council for does, you know, for them to see. And if. If there's a variance request, we can go through the mayor's office to put it on the next agenda or something. Okay. I think, I think with the point we're looking at is that even if she comes back with a lot size, no matter what, that there is no 30, there's not going to be a 30 feet. So I guess the realistic is that if you come back to us and it's, you know, I think if it's, if it's within reason that we can, you know, we can make that work. And even it might be a very small trailer that's possible. We can look at it. But if it's, you know, if it's still, if we're looking for like a 25 foot easement variance, that's going to be really hard to push. Like we can give some slide, but I don't, I don't know that. I would say measure that within reason. I would say if you, if you looked at the lot size, you know, I said lot size, but that particular one area for the trailer and, you know, you ever get it, you thought that a reasonable amount would be you're only asking for five feet or something, something within reason, and that might be something we can entertain. But I don't know that I personally could, that's, that's, it's just extremely small the way that the layout is. And then I'm looking at it from the road front edge coming in on the gravel drive. Anyway, well, like you said, that's just like information. I hope it wants to get the measurements if you can come back and we can, maybe we'll talk something out with that. Again, it's not only going to be of this scenario comes up. It may be Taylor, you're at say small trailer, maybe put, and then it's up to them to come to us. Instead of you, it would depend on the size of the trailer they want to put. Well, I was just trying to help anything, you know? I know, I know. Well, I'm, I'm going to hope you get a good, you know, well, thank you. I'm even thinking of zoning for commercial. It's like I'm surrounded by businesses. Sure. You know, what do you do? What do I do for that? I, I think, I think you would have a receptive council here because of the location where that, where it is next to an existing business. It's on a, it's on a great road. I don't know. I also think it's a great house and a, yeah, I know you have a pool and other things. So how long have you been on the market? Uh, probably now about six months. Been with the realtor for about four. It's not, I mean, we have people looking, but it says I'm materialized in. Yeah. So, okay. So if I do zone for business, I come back and present the sale. Yeah, that was a scenario. I mean, I like, I mean, tell me if you all object, but I think you, they possibly could be an appetite, you know, for that. I mean, you know, as well, because I think you're in a location that could favor that as well. I mean, business does have, there is a buffer requirement with that as well. So I don't want to mislead you. Right. And what do I find this out, Tideol? Well, I can, we, I can work with you on that. I mean, if there's a prospect, what I would do is have your realtor perhaps updated and say that it's a residential could be, could be for possibly a business as well. Yeah. You know, contact for more information, something like, you know, something to that. Because the proximity to the dance studio and to the, to the, you know, maybe that would open it up to other, you know, scenarios that could be an, I don't know, an insurance office. So there could be other, another use I never thought of it. And so you just mentioned. Yeah. Well, I thought I just didn't want to do it with my mother right there, but I mean, we have the beauty shop, we have the dog shop, we have the VFW, we have more bonds. I mean, that business complex. Well, business complex. Yeah. So, okay. Well, I appreciate each other. I'm. Thank you, Ms. Mom. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, ma'am. I'm not a 7.2. Our lobbyist is here this evening, Mr. Burrell. He was, we asked them our, he actually asked to come and give us an update on the most recent legislative session. As I know, Josh represents our interest in, in Baton Rouge, not just during the legislative session, primarily during the legislative session, but year round. Thanks for having me. Yeah. Thank you, Mayor and thank you, Councilmembers. Most of you may know me, but my name is Josh Burrell, owner and operator of state, government relations have over 20 years of experience in a legislature, working the legislature at the Capitol and 12 years as a lobbyist, worked with Simone while she was a state rep there years back. But I provided a handout to everyone. These were the projects that were passed in HB2 this session. As you can see, there's two or six, eight projects here, ranging from Fortune Road, the Fire Station, Shimon Mettery Parkway, which the Mayor and I had spoke about, I mean, we've been speaking about it quite often. So most of these projects, and you can see if you run down the Excel spreadsheet on P1, total is about nine million, $480,000 that was passed this session. P5 was around $39,789,515, and then you have a total for each project. And then if there was any cash, because sometimes in HB2, they do plug in cash dollars for capriot lay projects, that was not the case this year, but we did receive cash money in the supplemental bill, which was House Bill 782 for 600,000 for the water and road infrastructure in HB782. Most of these projects have already been approved by the bond commission that met in July. The bond commission meets every month, and typically right now, when session ends, and HB2 has passed in June, and finalized bond commission, and the administration will start, looking over all these projects, seeing what they can afford, because typically HB2 is overfunded. This year, it was as bad as last year, it was overfunded last year, more than 300 million. This year was 120 million. So the administration has to decipher what projects can move forward, and what bonds they want to sell for the projects that were passed in HB2. So most of these projects, like I said, were already passed in the July bond commission. I did speak with Taylor Bhavara on Monday. I've shared that conversation with the mayor. It looks like our Shim and Metry Parkway project, we're still waiting to get bond approval on the $2.3 million. Texas Taylor today, he did say that they're looking at possibly putting this on the September bond commission for the P1 approval. And in doubt, Lancer, any questions that you have? I just added a little bit more context. First of all, Josh, it's a pleasure working with you. You do a phenomenal job with us. It's a pleasure, you know, year-round working with you. Everything we've asked for is really, at some phase, is in some state of fruition. The relevancy of Shim and Metry Parkway, getting that one accelerated, of course, this is, as you all know, the guillot Shim and Metry roundabout. We have full design plans already completed on the shelf right now for a second circulating lane to rebuild that entire intersection with the second circulating lane in concrete. So that is going to be such a, I mean, that'll be a transformational project as we continue to grow south of Shim and Metry with a lot of the development that's happening between Dayton and Dayton and G.I.D. south of Shim and Metry. So that's kind of the urgency with that, you know, particular request to try to help us get it through the bond commission. We do have some money available from last year, but it's just unfortunately not enough, so we're seeking this to add to it. So we'll be in the right posture to put it out for competitive bid. The timing really is still kind of working out because we are working at Pam will tell us, I mean, when she gets, when we get to our report on the Valesco crossing extension and we really had desired to finish that project first. So Sugar Ridge would have another outlet prior to our start of construction on that project. I will besides just that, the other P1 fortunes, this money on fortune is really going to be adequate to do complete water and sewer along the new fortune extension to Brusard. And then the Shim and Metry, I'm sorry, the 89 improvements, this is enough to come down probably somewhere, copper, copper field maybe. Okay. So it's getting us further, Mianna, our goal is really to have a continuous project. The project that's underway today is two years contract time for 89 and we hope as this additional funding comes available, we're just going to keep moving down 89 South to get us close to this building as we can. And as funding for our match comes further available, we'll work to move the priority five projects forward. So any questions for Josh or for myself? Yeah, and a good thing about these P5 projects already being approved by the Bonn Commission, then we can start working next session to move that money up from P1. A lot of the projects last year that were passed, they got bumped back down again, so they had to restart again regarding P5. So they've pushed them behind almost two years. So this is a good sign that we've already got that approval and we can start moving that money up with the help of Representative Boye and Senator Kusall. Well, I think anybody would agree that, I mean for us to put, I mean, you have here 32 million and P5 and 9.5 million and P1, our share of course is 25% of that. So it's still a considerable burden. It's still a considerable lift on our local budget. But to be able to make our 25% stretch this far is a work in progress, helpful. So, all right. Well, Josh, thank you. Yeah, thank you, Mayor of the council. Look forward to continuing the progress. Thank you. Thank you. All right, Jim, item 7.3, to authorize the Mayor to execute an amendment to an agreement with the Katie and a Renaissance Charter Academy for an existing SRO position. I just want to point out the amendment actually does two things. One, it's an amendment to our current contract to provide for, I think, lunch or something to that effect for the existing two SROs. And then it is a, it is a formalizing the details of a third. McCrackway. That's correct. Formalizing the request for a third, which you did include in the budget that you recently passed. So move. Sorry. Motion by Councilman Romero and second by Mr. Bulls. John, is there any council comment or discussion? A question. Yes, ma'am. The city pays for the SRO's salaries, correct? Or the police department pays? How many kids go to this is for Oracle? Out of town, do we know? That aren't young, still citizen or young children? I don't know that number of hand. I mean, I can, we can request that number. With this, this is for a couple of things about the SRO program. One is, in the agreement you're signed and I think we, our pays is 55,000 per SRO. That is more than LPSS pays. LPSS, you know, if he, yeah, LPSS is a lower amount, but it has escalates the right word, like 3% every year. It does not pay any taxes or other related benefits with it. So it's a partial, basically a partial reimbursement. I don't know, Arcus campus with the building that's opening this week, the campus there has capacity for 4,000 students. So I would agree with you that a lot of them, well, I don't know, I don't want to speculate, but I think it's pretty safe to assume because they're able to take students from, you know, anywhere it's a lottery system. That's a good question. We'll find out. We'll request the information. A couple years ago, 70 30 split. Oh, 70 residents in 30. 70 30. A couple years ago. A couple of years ago, what they estimated. I'm sure that's changed drastically because you had two campuses open since. Yeah, I would say it's probably. Probably it's probably the high school. Chief, did anything that are, you already staffed for this? Yes. We're already there. We budgeted for this too. Missed. Yes, Miss Champagne. I have a few questions. The $55,000 that covers their entire salary, just the salary. That's $55, that's what they, that's what they mean. That's what they mean. That's what they mean in the contract. Catherine, do you know what the total benefits, what do they have benefits at the city pays? I know we absorb the taxes on it. What else do we absorb, the city? We have emperors. Emperors in how much is a percentage of emperors now? It's recently just going up to $35.6. $35.6%. $35.6% for retirement. So do you know about what that would come to? I'm sorry. The taxes, what would be the total cost to the city per SRO? I guess we could do that. First and third, too, not to put her on the spot. She is. I'm sorry. Because we also, these are also social security, right? Yeah. Yes. So there's other pay and benefits that are associated with it. Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I could ask. Chris. Christian. Can you come to the front please, if you don't mind? I think she's been to a meeting. So I say, hold on. Welcome to the new council chambers. And so the taxes would be in. Pulling mine. Oh, if you don't mind. The taxes would depend on what the employee elects. So that's kind of hard to determine. I mean, did a ballpark it? The estimate. You can, you know, 13,000 to $13,000 to $13,000. I'm sorry. Can you push my key? I can. She's saying the higher end, 13,000 to $13,000 to $18,000. Do they get supplemental pay also? They do. Is that included in the 13,000 that you just quoted? Yeah, it would. Yeah. Yes, it does. And the taxes will about. OK, well, it would be it would be the tax. We pay the taxes and in person on the supplemental pay. Yes, we're reimbursed. We're reimbursed for the supplemental. Supplement. From the state. Social security on the sheet that you gave me earlier, 6.2%. Medic medic. I don't know if it's Medicare or Medicaid. I apologize. It's 1.45. And the city's also responsible for insurance benefits. Yes. Yes. Probably about $500 roughly. It's roughly 500 either. 504 single coverage. Per month, right? Yes. 6,000. OK, thank you. And we just for reference, we had been taking that it's 3% 3% escalation on the LPSS. Yes. Open. Yes. Yes, really? OK. So it's about the difference. You asked earlier about $53,000, $75,000 to the $55,000 or $Auka between the LPSS officer and salary. What is it? So $53,570 is the officer salary for LPSS compared to Auka's $55,000. OK. Katherine, can I actually speak in my please? Because I don't know why. I can't hear you. I'm so. I'm sorry. So Auka's $55,000 is compared to $53,000, $75,000 for LPSS. Thank you. All right. So what's on the floor is a motion to authorize me to amend the contract to provide for the budgeted SRO that you have in place today. There's a motion. Oh, there was my apology. Any lady public comment? Sorry. We've asked it. OK. You know public. You said here, every year. I don't recall if Arcas goes up 3% every year, but LPSS does. It does not. Arcas does not. OK. Any other comments? OK. Ms. Giddry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraz? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Cree? Yes. Ms. Chalvine? Yes. Motion approved. All right. 7.4. Discuss potential modifications to the Young'sville Police Department fund budget for an increase in vacation days as adopted by the Young'sville Municipal Civil Service Board. Council, I put this on the agenda tonight simply as an FYI to make you aware because the Young'sville Civil Service Board is allowed per statue to make modifications to the leave policy, including paid and unpaid time off for classified positions in the Young'sville Police Department. So recently, the Young'sville Civil Service Board met, and there was an adjustment made to vacation days. So I'm not requesting any action from this evening. I'm just letting you know that it may be something that we have to bring back at a later date for our potential budget modification if it's necessary. The change in vacation, basically, there's a state law as my appreciation that officers have to get 15 days of vacation. And now that we're classified as a large municipality in the Louisiana Police Civil Service Statute. So we were previously at 144 hours. The state civil service board made a modification to move that to 180 for one to five years of employment. The other change that I see that took place at that time was administrative employees. Their vacation hours were increased from 96 to 180. Six or more years, 144 to 216. So in essence, my appreciation of it is everyone is the same across the board with it now. It's kind of hard to quantify what that could potentially be, which is why I don't have a specific ask of you this evening, other than just to share it with you. And that's an area that will monitor and see if it needs to be, if we need to make modifications to that particular line in the budget in future months as we progress further into the fiscal year. Mr. Bulljana. Yeah, I had a question. Chief, the vacation hours for the police officers, well, I was looking at the civil service laws compared to our fire service law law. I know ours is slightly different. We're at 219. This is 216. So I can understand it increased to be more compliant as per the law. But I had called some other agencies in the area to compare us into us. And no one that I found in the comparison to the far from as well, the admin hours is matching the officers, almost identical, as far as the vacation is the reason why. I don't, as far as just the admin hours. Yeah, like they're basically, it removes the incentive to be an officer all together. I mean, at the other point, the hours of vacation being applied towards an administrative position is going to replicate identical to the officer. So there's no. So your administrative position, whatever we're talking about, like a detective, right? There are eight hours, which is the reason we matched the time. Because if we had a situation when I got here where we had a detective that was an eight-hour employee that went to patrol, right? And the 15 days comes into hours for us. Because they're paid by hours, they take their time by hours. So that means that that eight-hour employee when he switches over to a 12-hour employee in patrol now, now the hours are different. It's 180 minus or to the 120. So that's why we just went 180 across the board. It's not about really incentive for vacation. It's the amount of hours that equate to the days that they want. In other words, like I said, let's go back. Patrolman is a 12-hour employee. Gets 15 days, 180 hours. We had one where we had employees swap. He went from patrol to detectives. Now he is an eight-hour employee who everything's changed. Now we have to recalculate his hours because he actually has less vacation hours now. So we just did it a hundred-a-day across the board that way it's the same. And it's not a change if they change positions. So would this be classified for an hour person that's post-certified or eight-hour person in general? Say it again. Would this be classified for an eight-hour employee in general or an eight-hour employee that's post-certified as an officer, like an detective who is post-certified? You classified into that or is this pertinent to an eight-hour employee in general across the board? This was an eight-hour employee across the board. Right, it's like a secretary. We get the same hours of vacation that someone who works shift work does. Right. I call Brusar, Karen Crow, Scott, and Dusal, and none of them of the admin, secretaries, and any positions within office registered of that. Like none of them, everybody who in that position would get the same standard two-week vacation like everybody else. So similar to the FAR chief or his secretary here, they get the two-week vacation, and then you get a lot of so many extra hours after that. I was just curious because I called around because I've never seen that. But also after Brusar just seems like the state law and the civil service law can flip each other. So it seems like even if state law says something to the civil service law, with our civil service work in this, we come in and make up their own law and do whatever they want, which is kind of conflicting for us as a city council mayor. So I'm just trying to understand this a little bit better. Right. Sorry. No, this... Laurie, you mind coming up? For those that don't know, Laurie is the head of our civil service board or secretary of office. I knew I messed that up. How you doing? Thank you. I did talk to one of other members who's not here tonight. He wasn't in the air, Mr. Held. I guess I wanted to clarify what the intent of the three-person board was. If it was to make sure that everybody in the department was at 15 days off, or was it to make sure that everybody's going to get 180 hours? The intent of the board was to make everyone consistent. Their time is calculated by hours, and when they take time off is calculated by hours. We had employees who were not just in the secretary or records clerk's position. They may work SRO. So if they're on patrol, let's say they start on patrol, and then they would move to an SRO position. They're losing over 40, I think 49 hours of vacation. So it would swap in back and forth. And it was just mainly just to keep time consistent across the board. And I guess, you know, always crunching numbers. So my concern is, is that just ballparking numbers on Monday, when I heard about this, it was about 40 to 45,000 a year. Is what the city was going to have to pay when you have eight hour employees compared to 12 hour employees. And from the chief from head of the department, if you have someone going from one to the other, that employee just needs to understand, hey, I'm either gaining hours or I'm losing hours by taking a different position or being reassigned position. Where this is taxpayer money that is frivolously being thrown out the window. And I was, the one person I did, Dr. Mr. Held, he was under the impression it was, we're proven the days, not knowing that there was a difference with the eight hours and 12 hour employees, because it's probably about 40% of the department is eight hour employees, maybe 35%. 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20. And the rest are all 12? Yes. Oh, so it's more like a 70, 30s, but probably or something like that. I personally, what I was going to suggest to y'all, and I'm sure the other council members are going to have something to say. And it's not berating y'all or anything like that. I get what the intent was to make things a little smoother and easier, but this budget is the tightest budget we have. The tax can't even cover 60% of what this budget is annually. We have to dip into lace, general fun, other avenues, the LPSS paying for it, or a campaign for stuff. So my suggestion was going to be for the board, maybe hopefully to meet again, and revamp, maybe that motion to where it's a, we're proven 15 days. I'm all for everybody getting the time off, but administrative wise should figure out how to dictate the hourly of an eight hour time off, compared to a 12 hour time off. And if they're switching from one to the other, that's going to follow on the chief of police, deputy chief. You know, whoever's handling that to make sure they're clearly telling that person, hey, this is what you're getting off. This is what you might gain, this is what you might lose. I mean, if someone's going from patrol to SRO, you got to take the go with the bad. You know, like, I mean, you're getting a good, sweet gig, working in a school, a lot less, you know, probability of, you know, gunfight or other stuff, but you're going to lose a little time off. I disagree with the gunfight port. That's why that's why we're there. Well, you know what, Cody, I'm going to disagree too, that, you know, 45 to 50,000 or more dollars being thrown out by a simple act. I'm not talking about the one. It's ridiculous. I'm just talking about simple, fact of the person aligned to the medical college. I apologize. I've got kids in schools, and I'm in and out of the schools all the time, and I haven't heard of one gunfight at the school. In Young'sville. I'm not. So I'm slated that. Should I suggest that the board that they go back to their original rules and only change the hours of the police officers that work 12 hours shift? I mean, it's a pregnant girl. It's everybody is supposed to go from 12 days to 15 days in the department or is it just there was no, the rules that we had before were set in place before I ever started working here. Yeah, this was set in place in 2013. Oh, okay. So we had to we had to change to large municipality. And the office of state examiner is the one that told the board us that we had to go to 15 days times 12 is what a patrol officer works. Took a long time to get, you know, all this back and forth with the office of state examiner. But do I need to tell them that we need to go back to what the original keep at admin like it is and up patrol officers? Well, I mean, my my thought would be that based on what the examiner's are telling you is that the 12 hour employees should be 15 days. Okay. So that probably should have been what it is. Anything else for any other eight hour employees? Probably needs to come via the chief to the council for a budget amendment. Because really essentially that's what it is. I mean, it'd be like Tim's department decided to say, hey, instead of eight hour employees, they're all going to be 10 hour. We're going to pay them a little bit extra without, you know, getting the budget, getting it approved. That and I don't think the intent was ill willed by any means by you three. I think you're just trying to be clean and clean things up. Yeah, because this started, this started probably us working on the, the new rules may be last August. So around that time. And I don't want this to come as a I'm attacking you. No, no, no, I don't, or I don't, or that I don't agree with any of these people getting the time off. I just, when I hear that it's, you know, everybody is going to be more of a hourly quantitative instead of, hey, this is how many days you get. And you still get the 15 days if it's all across the board. But the eight hour employees are obviously getting less hours for the 15 days compared to the 12 hour employees for the 15 days. There's a big gap there. Okay. I don't know. And I don't know if it can go back in front of the board. We have another agenda item. Look, I'm only one person speaking up here about it right now. I know Lindy said his part. So all you know, four. Yes. We'll go to miss shop. Fine. Just give me a second miss shop. Thank you. I agree with Matt in Lindy's comments. Do we need a motion? To request the board civil service board meet to discuss this item? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I didn't like I meant this is other business require no action to discussion. But if in the event you want to discuss it in the next meeting, you're free to do so and put it on the agenda at the next meeting. Okay. Next board meeting is not until October, October 31st. Okay. So we can put it on that agenda and have and discuss the hours of just maintaining police officers, kids. Those 15 days, right? Are we talking about 12 hour days for 15 days for 12 hour employees? Yes. Okay. Yeah. And the only reason that I'm making that comment is because I knew that the SR rows, when they're not in the schools in the summer, they're put on patrol. But I don't know that we could justify it enough to say that they're considered 12 hours employees. Because really their whole schedule is justified on school, school hours. So I would, I would keep it to the 12 hour employees just because that's the standard customary. I know you used to work perk a while ago, but I think it's just the customary vacation days. I want it to a 12 hour employee. Okay. I guess let me just, you know, I'm sorry. No, just what I, so in the interim, we're not taking action on this. Kristen will not take action on any of the, that's just what I want to, what I want to, what I want to bring up. I mean, that my appreciation of it is that civil service rules have the, have the same effect as, as law. I mean, the, the states that you does give that authority to the, to the young civil service board. However, I mean, with, with that said, I, I did ask the state examiner myself. I said, well, what happens when, you know, how does it, how does this work now? Because I, I mean, I certainly want to be in compliance. And I think we, I'm sure I can say everyone we certainly want to be in compliance. I mean, there are, there are new rules as we have grown in populations. So I, so I don't think, I don't think we can, nor would we dispute 15 days, you know, for that, you know, and I think the way it's been and I think the way it still is, is that it's tiered, you know, after that, it's six years. You have an incentive as you work more out as you have a greater tenure. I think that's great. I think the, the concern that I've just heard individually from my colleagues on the council is that we either need to figure out a different way to keep track of occasion time within our system. Because there are examples of where, you know, if someone becomes unavailable to fill in at a school and someone's coming off of patrol, it's a, it's a, it's a very at times fluid situation. So there has to be something that's fair to the associates when they are moving back. I mean, perhaps there's a system within Tyler where, where it could be the vacation, you aren't so many hours per hour's worked, but it would be not less than a total of the equivalent of what 15 days would be. So, you know, I don't know, I don't know the system. I do know that it's a, it's a frequent conversation within the office when someone's fluctuating between patrol and, and eight hours. I think, I think the issue here in part is the fact that a majority of the department is working eight hour, eight hour shifts now. And I think it's, so I think that's what, that's what brought the concern not necessarily or not entirely the difference in the difference between administrative. But it that's, we're referring to administrative is that's how it's set up in the previous rules that just kind of got carried over. I think the, I think the concern that I heard was more of its majority of the departments eight hours. So why, why does that matter? The only reason it would really matter would be if someone really, you know, departs the department and there's a, there's a payout and you're getting paid out the equivalent of 12 hour, 12 hours days when you may have not really worked that. State, state examiner office, I mean, they are, they are there as a tool. I think they recognize that it's, you know, the rules of civil service boards are do have the effect of, do have the effect of law. I mean, ideally they're, they're worked in conjunction with the, the governing board that's doing the budget. To work hand in hand, to some extent, you know, recognizing the position that they have and they are looking out for, you know, the, their, their task with civil service board does have a lot of, a lot of responsibilities and a lot of, you know, a lot with it. I think what brought them to that point was, and if you just leave out secretaries and records clerk and just keep them at what they are, I think it was just a huge morale decline. Whenever you, you may not want to go to S or but you get put there, you might not want to be in traffic, but you get there and you come off the road and you go to those positions. You're not only lose, you're, you're getting an eight hour day, you're only losing eight hours a month in, in hours of pay, which are taking almost a 50 hour lick in vacation benefits. So, so, I mean, Mr. Ponte, answer your question and I'm already thinking ahead because I mean, we like tomorrow is a payday, so I've had to make decisions on how to handle situations. So, so a real scenario that's happening now is we have, we have some, some members of the department that if, if I don't make the adjustment for them to 180, they're, they're simply not getting, they're not getting even. They're not getting paid. I've already made a decision to do that to be in compliance with state law. So, you know, how do we do this, you know, moving forward? I think that's, that is a question. I mean, we have, I think I've taken, I think we've addressed the immediate scenarios that, that as I appreciate them, but I'm sure I'm just not thinking of all of them, you know, throughout. Hey, Laura, is it possible for you all to have a emergency meeting? Is that, does that, I mean, I don't know, I know Mr. Hell is not here. Is it possible to have a special meeting? Okay. And, you know, I mean, again, it's, if that's possible, then maybe y'all can act on it, you know, a little quicker to reclareify the intent, you know, exactly what it is. I mean, we do it all the time, you know, we make a motion, is it shall or should, you know, those can be taken very different, you know, how you make motions. And the other thing is, and like the mayor said, I know y'all usually email his office on anything that happens on y'all's agenda. I would, I would suggest, and this is just my suggestion if it's anything financial implication, please copy every council member or maybe Nicole where she can disseminate to all of us. That way we're releasing the loot on it. You know, I don't, I think we've talked to y'all more in this last six months of year than I have in the 10 years I've been on council. I think you are doing, you know, a great job, which I'll do. I know it took a lot for you to get up here and probably talk and go back and forth, but, yeah, I mean, if that's possible, that that would be my suggestion is try to have it quicker and that way it's a little easier for the mayor's or for the payroll. Yeah, if I could, I mean, just because I mean, my members of my team here, Kristen, are there are there scenarios that I need to like better you're going to hit me with tomorrow. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Well, so essentially, we're going to. Yeah. So essentially, we're going to pay the one eighty. Well, which is, I think we can handle scenarios. I mean, in the meantime, and if given the opportunity, I'm going to always, I'm going to air on what's. There's a law. There's a rule passed. I'm not asking for any action because we do have funds in the budget we would that would require a minute later. So I'm going to, I think I'm unless I'm directed otherwise, I'm proceeding the way it is. If the civil service board decides to take a look and revisit it, I think we would, we would. Sounds like we would welcome some of that. And maybe if you do before the next agenda, maybe you can just be on there as a, hey, just heads up. It's been taken care of or this is what's happened by the three panel. And whether y'all come or not to that, I mean, I think it's just more of an update for us. Okay. If that's happened, let me, let me take the opportunity to ask for any, any public comment. I think we've heard from the council that wants to speak. Certainly open the floor if there's any other comment. Questions. Yes, sir. Thanks for the break. Thank you. How you doing, Mr. Lemberton? Sorry. Hurry up. I'll be brief. I'm not as familiar with civil service law because my background is going out of the sheriff's office. My appreciation of the civil service laws is that the state examiner can give you advice, give you direction. I don't think that there's any action they can take to compel you. Obviously, if it's civil service law, then someone could pursue enforcement of the civil service law. It just from my experience. And I don't know young, little PDs policies, but it just seems to me that it will be a much simpler process. If vacation time is converted to hours, if regardless of your assignment, whether you're a 12-hour employee or an eight-hour employee, if you get next number of hours based on your cost of your tenure, then irregardless of whether you're in an eight-hour position or a 12-hour position, you're going to get compensated for that number of hours annually. So, the reason that's going days to hours is because whenever you read the state statute, the state statute specifically says 15 days. So, we're not implementing the days. The state statute says days. We in turn have to break it down to hours for those employees who are eight or 12. Well, that's not a labor law issue, though, because one employee has been in fitting form from more compensation. That's what exactly what the law was explaining. Whenever you read the statute itself, it says, any employee after one year of service, shall get 15 days, which is then when we in turn have to dictate it as, are you a 12-hour employee at 180 hours or you ate an employee at 120? We're given the days in the statute, not the hours. I get where you're coming from. If it's shall, shall can be objected in the court of law. Or maybe it should be addressed. The legislature is laterally shall. Shall is shall. Yes. Shall is not. Shall is shall. Regardless, I mean, I don't know the limitations. I mean, we have a pretty sophisticated system, so I just don't know if there's a way to, you know, we're open. This is a result of becoming a large municipality. I mean, this is, I think, just a question that, right now, this is the topic, but I mean any other agenda item that we have tonight that we're discussing is really how do we scale our growth and how do we do it? And so, and I think the challenge is really because the department is becoming more heavy on the other side, and we, I think everyone wants to be fair and equitable. And I think that's probably just what my colleagues are saying that, you know, rather than just simply asking three, three members of a civil service board, those are public meetings. We, anyone can go to them. And I think that's perhaps the opportunity that, you know, we should test those that are responsible for making a determination with that I would encourage. If should they decide to meet again that, that there's input because I do agree when there's more people, you know, that there's got to, there's got to be a solution that would probably be fair, you know, to everyone. But I do think that this one has come from, it didn't just drop from the sky. I mean, there's obviously been thought that's been put into it, you know, for some time. So, yeah. Well, I appreciate the opportunity. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Other comment. All right. Then we'll move on to the next agenda item. Lori, thank you very much for, for coming. Kristen, thank you as well. All right, resolution, resolutions 8.1, resolution 2024, 14, a resolution authorize an indirect in the mayor to execute on behalf of the city of Young'sville, the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, an act of substantial completion from J.B. Mootong, pertaining to the completion of a contract for the Young'sville sports complex face to. Dax is here and Stewart from J.B. Mootong, feel free to come up. I know Dax put a, has some information on your, at your desk now. I'm going to have a question. So, I'm going to have a question. Oh, okay. I'll keep that in mind. Good evening. I'm assuming you're having your agenda packet to let it at a road. Just a little quick. A couple of key points. Excuse me. Oh, my letter. We had a final inspection on the project. And, by the way, this is a Stewart B.O. with J.B. Mootong, who is the lead contract on the job. So, thanks for coming, Stewart. We had a final inspection. We've had several inspections. A project like this has many different elements to eventually get a punch list that's 50 items, down to 20 items, down to 10 items, until a point where we feel comfortable. So, we are tonight. But, we had a final inspection. This past Thursday, July 25th. Several individuals walked the site. And, as such, after looking at the punch list, how, if you'd kept dwindling down myself, my other, the other design colleagues, we have our sub consultant, Poche Pruitt, who is the architect on the concession building and the amphitheater stage, as well as David Carroll, who is our electrical engineer sub consultant on the job. That all the major items of the project have been sufficiently completed for the projects intended use, allowing the city of young people to assume the session and begin occupying the premises. I will also add that on August 2nd, we met with the Louisiana State Farm Marshall, walked the site intently. And, they gave us an acceptable for use occupancy. So, that was the green light. So, that was good news. In the pocket, we have a punch list. And, that punch list is with the nice weather we're having the last day, the punch list has dwindled down to, to hardly anything. So, that punch list had a value of about $68,000, which is only about a half a percent of the total project costs and their minor items. I will tell you, one of the items in particular is about $24,000. It's just a piece of equipment that goes behind the stage for some, some of the power that's just, it's supposed to be coming in in the next. Day a two, it was an eight month lead period, so it's coming in and JB moved all certainly. They sell a couple of things to do, but the project is very polished. The only thing that we were kind of waiting on is what we call the cleaning in terms of pressure washing. And, as I discussed with you, Mary, we kind of want to wait till we, till we, till maybe we have a grand opening or ribbing cutting, that way we can do it right before. Right now, a site like this was challenging is this so much open dirt areas, falacabetta words that we're trying to get the grass to grow. And we also, not getting rain right now. So, that's something that I personally can live with because I read the project, look very polished when the public begins to take, take you to the facility. But a, a, a, a, Bonn-Tal, a concession air has already begun to put all the equipment is in there virtually all the equipment. They might have a piece here or there, but so they're beginning to occupy the space. So, um, so yeah, any questions that you all may have, I have the punch puzzle, I have many of the items I just noted tonight are done on the punch list because I went there again this morning. Uh, so, um, any questions? Well, that doesn't surprise me with JV Mootsaw. So. Well, the weather has cooperated at the right time in the last two weeks or so. They've made a great effort. You know, on a site like this, we had a lot of concrete. And I'm surprised we didn't have as much problems with cracks, just, you know, but where we did, we did six. And it's been a great process because when we made these walk throughs, you know, they saw cut and saw cut, excuse me, and removed all these sort of monoconcrete panels and with no conflict. So again, you know, thanks to JV Mootsaw and their subs, it's been a great process. So yeah. So we're requesting approval to deem the project substantially complete as of yesterday was the date of my recommendation. Turn them on. I'll let her. I have some own motion, but I want to give Stuart the opportunity if you want to say anything. Yeah, I think Dax did a pretty good job of filling you in, but I want to thank y'all. Let's about the church for the opportunity. Sure. We can get to that. I want to thank y'all for the opportunity to work with your own sports complex. You'll have been a great partner on it. And like Dax said, we're still polishing it up and we're going to continue to polish it up, make it as nice as we can. And even after we leave, if you all need anything, we'll be around to help out with it. Sure. And the church is doing great too. We just walked it this afternoon. Bricks are going up us out today. Church is on schedule and it's going to be a really nice architecture feature to the city. I want our community to go walk inside the church. And what was amazing to me was it feels like it's twice the size of what you see the inside. It's a really neat use of space. I was taken back by the size inside. And I had to go back outside and look at it as in a way. And that's pretty neat. So great design. Thank you guys. It's a moment I think you get a signal to motion to first substantial completion and the second by Councilman Barraz. Any council discussion? Any public comment? This is for to start the, to deem the project substantially complete. So, okay, if there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraz? Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Cree? Yes. Ms. Shampon? Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks, guys. Ordnance is for final adoption tonight. There's one. A gen item 9.1 is ordnance 492, 2024. In order to the city council, the city of Young Zoo authorize in the mayor, the city of Young Zoo Louisiana to execute a franchise agreement with that most energy corporation. Motion. Section. By Volgiano, second by Romero. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraz? Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Ms. Cree? Yes. Ms. Shampon? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Ordnance is for introduction. First one, 10.1 is ordnance 375.2, 2024. In order to amend ordnance 375. 2014 regulating the permitting of golf carts and slow moving vehicles. I can tell you the highlights of it. I'll give the chief an opportunity to speak to it as well. As council, as you guys know, and as the public is probably aware, we're really probably at about the 10-year anniversary of the city's ordnance pertaining to golf carts and slow moving vehicles. And I know there's a difference or maybe saying it wrong, slow moving and low-speed vehicles. With the proposed introduction, proposed introductory ordinance does is removing any reference or any regulation to the slow moving vehicle or the low-speed vehicle. And really just referring to the state statute on that particular component. And it's narrowing the focus of our existing ordinance to be one that's really focused on golf carts. Reason why are the slow moving vehicles or the low-speed vehicles just because I don't know the type, I don't know, I'm one of them, the right one. Those are generally able to be licensed by the Department of Motor Vehicles with a license plate. There's a then number. There's a state statute dealing with regulations components of that. And as you all know, I mean, this current ordinance put imposes extra-regulate regulations from the city that require a home visit to inspect the vehicle. You've recently changed that. You know, to extend that to every two years. But I mean, from my perspective, at least, we're just removing the regulation on the vehicles that are permitted by license plate, then numbers, et cetera, by the state. So the ordinance as set up for you tonight really just references that state statute. Chief. Yeah. So I put a copy of the state statute. But we've been advised statute 301, which completely speaks of actual low-speed vehicles, which are purchased as a regular vehicle. City gets the tax on it like any other vehicle. They purchase it registered, inspected, and opposed to the same standards of your ordinance as far as license driver, insurance regulations, and everything as far as I goes. So all this would do would be removed that low-speed vehicle from the ordinance currently. Allow that to be completely governed by the 300.1, which is specifically for those vehicles. But still keep the spirit of your ordinance allowing your golf courts that meet the actual regulations that you guys put in place to continuously ride it and hold to those stipulations. Like he said, the low-speed vehicles get a little more freedom as far as crossing in certain areas, but it's all dictated in the statute. And it's very clear and concise on everything. And then the golf courts, again, is an actual vehicle that is not meant for the road that is actually prohibited in state statute from being a road unless in that statute, a municipality creates an ordinance such as you guys did. OK. Thank you, Chief. Mr. Ameri. And you might not have the answer now, but do we have an idea how many slow-moving vehicles we have registered in Nunsville? I know not all golf courts and some of the vehicles are registered, but I don't know. But I'll look into it tomorrow. I don't know if there's an easy way for us to pull that. I'm sure Dawn can probably go through her reports. I don't know if there's a way. I don't know her tracking of them. I can say I piggyback real quick. It also takes those low-speed vehicles who are going through an entire process of registering like a vehicle and getting the inspection sticker to not have to get an additional fee of a public. Just trying to send those. Correct. The only reason I asked is I'm curious because now that we're potentially going to separate the two, after about six months seeing how that happens with these vehicles crossing in certain areas. Because the one area I've always envisioned allowing any golf cart is where a show when Williams goes to T-Mobile, I guess. Is that correct? Correct. Verizon. Sorry, Verizon. Yeah, right there. Yeah, speed limit being reduced. Crosswalk. Now this is going to give us a little eye-opening seeing the slow-moving vehicles that are similar to golf carts. And being allowed to do it, just in my vision of looking in the city, since I've lived here, I think it's mostly the golf courts. I'd even see a ton of slow-moving vehicles. I think it's very hard to see. Do you go to McDonald's at 5 a.m.? Yeah, you'll see. And I think the state law dictates that you can't just cross a road. I think you have to cross it in intersection. At an intersection? Yeah, and that is an intersection. That's a street there. This is where it's not an intersection. That's not an intersection. That's a cross in the middle of a median. It's not an actual road-like intersection. Right. It's specific in the statute. It has to be at an intersection. I'll give you a quarter of a mile, I believe, to travel in that. So yeah, that's not considered in this. That's just considered across over on the median. So they still couldn't cross that statute. Yeah. Speed of the roadway. I can't know what's important. I'll be doing that. I'll be reducing that speed. Yeah. You can't be. I think I understand your point, though. It's perhaps there's other potential, other modifications. I haven't become. I haven't familiarized myself with newer rules on golf cards since we did enforce that since we adopted this 10 years ago. But if there is more allowance provided by the state for a local government on those vehicles, then perhaps you do have the opportunity. I don't know what they all are. So all right. Any other council comment? Any public comment? We don't have a motion. I'm sorry. I'm on motion. All right. All right. Motion by Romero. Second by Volgiano. The public comment. All right. No public comment. The state should just call the vote for introduction. Ms. Barrett. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Creed. Yes. Ms. Shantan. Yes. Motion approved. 10.2. Ordinance 493-2024. Ordinance of the City of Youngso, Louisiana. Authorizing the City of Youngso, the other self-certain, in that available surplus property located 3 on 4th street, Youngso, Louisiana. Which is not needed for public purpose. I'll move. Motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Miss Creed. Any council comment. Or discussion, any public comment? There was a water well previously at this site that was, we've abandoned that water well several years ago. There was a shallow well. And now that we have three new wells that are deep water that are be feeding our new water plant. We really don't have a need for it. So we're just looking at the process to surplus, immovable property, because as you know, we'll have other properties that I think will have the same opportunity for at the city owns. So all right, Ms. Creed, Joe, comment? Or no, that was just sorry. All right, any public comment? Did I have a motion? All right, Ms. Kidry. It's called a vote. Ms. Bares? Yes. Mr. Bajiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Ms. Shalvan? Yes. Motion approved. 10.3 ordinance 494, 2024, an ordinance of the city of Youngsoe, Louisiana, and I'm in the chapter 24 utilities, section 24, 110, building sewers and connections relative to sewer specifications. Terrier sewers and can tell us what we're doing if you have life. If you have any questions about it. So Amanda, who does locating for Youngspell, she was having a lot of problems locating the forced mains with how we were calling for it to be traced with Tracer Warsh couldn't pick up the signal. So she did all the research in conjunction with CG Logan. And they found this marker system that they felt would work really well. And the developers don't seem to have a problem with it, with the cost of it. So we're recommending we put it into the ordinance so that it's a requirement of all the developments. I think Susan, Amanda, I apologize. I didn't know that you proposed anything that you like to add or. I'm not going to be in the summary of questions like that. Yeah. The long one. The utility team works hard to ensure that all the lines are marked properly out in the field. And part of part, big component of that is ensuring as we acquire new infrastructure through private development that everything's marked properly, preventatively, to save issues potentially in the future if they go out in the lines. The accuracy, a lot of prevention can go into place before we record the final plots. So, Mayor, one thing I'd like to say about Amanda, she's real into her work and she takes the prodding, what she does and does a really good job and anytime that information is needed, she has it. So my kudos out. Typery. I'm sorry. Thank you for bringing it forward. All right. Motion. All right. Motion by Mr. Romero and second by Ms. Barras. Any discussion, any public comment? Can Ms. Kidjury please call the vote. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Dermero? Yes. Ms. Dermero? Ms. DeBogiano? Yes. Ms. Barras? Yes. Motion approved. Are we playing good? All right. For announcements this evening, I'm going to yield my time initially at least to Haley, the update is on an initiative she's been working on. Yes, thanks, Mayor. So I just want to let everybody know about an event that we've been working on in the Mayor's office. August 30th through September 15th, we are going to be doing each sweet restaurant week. So we have, we've already got about 12 restaurants that have signed on and I expect a lot more the deadline is Monday, so I expect more to come. But basically we're going to ask everyone to get their little passports out, which I'll be providing closer to the event. And you're going to go around and visit our restaurants, eat in our restaurants. And we've got some great prizes, all of the restaurants are contributing gift cards that we will basically after you go get stamped at a certain number of restaurants to be determined based on how many we have participating. You'll turn in your passport the week after and we will be doing prize drawings for gift cards for all of the restaurants that are participating as well as we are very grateful to the Chidamatcha Tribe of Louisiana. They have donated a complimentary night's stay in Cyprus Bayou, Casino Hotel along with a $400 gift card to Miss Celestars' restaurant. So some great prizes and it's a great way to get out, support your local businesses, support your local restaurants and eat sweet youngsville. Thank you, Haley. All right, look forward to seeing that rolled out. And there is information already on the website, eat sweet youngsville.com. And then you'll also see lots of stuff going out on the city's Facebook page and you'll see stuff going up into businesses hopefully in the next week. Thanks, Haley. All right, Pam? Yeah, well mine's not as interesting out. Nobody's going to get a prize and nobody's going to get to eat. You will get to travel faster and safer in the future. So that's what I can do. So Highway 89, I'm sure you guys are noticing they've knocked down some of the cane. They're preparing to do some, start doing the drainage on the east side of Highway 89. And then they will be paving on the west side the temporary road so that we can shift traffic along 75% of the drainage has been done on the fortune road round. So there at the point now it won't be long. You're going to start seeing the parts of the round about come to light as we start shifting traffic. I do want to remind people again, it is 35 miles an hour in the speed limit within the work zone. So please get the word out so people could slow down. We have guys working there right at the edge of the road as you've seen. And let's be cautious of our construction workers out there. We are also starting the geotech for the Highway 92 Prescott because we've been working on the design and our geotechnical engineers going to be in town working on getting some geotechnical borings for our payment design on 92 and Prescott, Shemet Agriab, and also our Anselm Kool-E regional detention pond on the detention pond, the geotech and the shovel test archaeology is what's left on that project. And we are waiting to hear from the Corvian engineers and on any wetland issues we're trying to avoid. So that project is in pretty good shape. LaRuvia Road, Final Plans, we'll be going in, they are signed and sealed and going to be going in on Monday. I just have to get the Mayor and I both need to sign the title sheet but I want to make sure nothing was changed before we sign that on our special paper and so that we can send that in. So that is still on track to be bid in December. They've got to get all of their money moved. And what's important is yesterday I went to the Transportation Technical Committee of which the MPO did move funds from the old Highway 89. We had some Highway 89 funding in the MPO but Highway 89 as you know, as Mr. Borrell just said, that's being funded through capital outlay. So we had sat on that money if you will. So nobody else could take for a project that was equal to or worse than the Highway 89. We did need additional funding for LaRuvia and that's being moved. So Councilman Shalpine, if you need to go that policy committee, we need to make sure that that vote gets final. So the Transportation Technical Committee moved but whoever is going on behalf of the policy, make sure you vote for that money to be moved in the tip. 2024 roadway improvements, they've done patching and overlay on hawk. They are at Velesco Crossing. They've got the subgrade. They're trying to dry out. They've already stripped everything, bringing everything to grade. So by next week we will be doing the base work on Velesco Crossing. So that's moving. The weather has been very cooperative, so that's moving real quickly. And then of course the next road would be NESPKS course for overlay. And that's what I have no price. That's exactly right. We have a meeting with DOT tomorrow to discuss the utilization of some more credits and still trying to cash them in. Yeah, so Susan. Sorry, Susan, I should have asked you to stay out. So the Wastewater Plant, we have received the EQ approval. So we're going to seek the water system authorization to bed and we'll be going out to bed on that shortly. On pump station four, we are setting up the pre-construction meeting. So that's going to be happening at the end of August. We received bids on pump station three upgrade on Tuesday. And the water plant, the notice to proceed is effective. Monday, they want to get started right away. So the estimated completion date is in September of 2025. The first thing they're going to be working on is the ground storage tank, which will be right up on my various street. Revisible. And the survey is underway for the Sugar Mill Pond pump station upgrade. The first phase, which is the force main. So that's it. So we'll be bringing in pump station three award to hopefully at the September meeting and then Wastewater treatment plan before the end of the year sounds. Yeah, yeah, yeah, probably, probably bit it late September early October. Yeah. Any comments or questions, Pam or Susan? All right. Thank you. Ten. So far, sports programming, Sugar Beach volleyball that don't leave continues to summer league continues. Our girls indoor volleyball. We'll start practice. We've had about 64 teams for indoor volleyball. F and A football will start August 26 with about 78 teams. Our adult softball league will start next week with about 94 teams. And at the 10th of center, all the programming continues, but I think it's going to be maybe our fourth collegiate tournament. We'll be held September 13th through the 15th. It'll be you, men's will host two lay in Southern Miss and a fourth team to be determined. And then for us, you know, the expansion, we're going and our maintenance personnel going through all the training for the HVAC to build in the school boards, the lighting. And just a second, which you said, Mary about JV Muteau, how great it was to work with them. And of course, always, you know, DAX also. Yes, absolutely. Yeah, with regard to the with regard to the amphitheater, we are excited to be hosting the rotary clubs. Patch at the park. Yeah, patch at the park. I forgot Jamie's our rotary president. Yeah, so we're excited about doing that. We also have some exciting things that we're looking at doing into the spring. And we're having conversations about the possibility of moving a like a spring and fall concert series, you know, there. So if there's any particular type of programming that the public would like to see or activities, it doesn't necessarily have to be music related, community related, you know, could be, we've had inquiries for things like yoga for food truck roundups. I mean, just just a variety of things. So what else? Oh, okay. Yeah, so anyway, we're open to certainly feedback about that, about how we can layer in programming that would be beneficial for your families. So all right, thank you, Tim. I think I just had one other comment. August 27th, the council and I are calling a special meeting. And that is to you recall at the last, our two council meetings ago, it was me, sorry, 27. It's a solicit feedback about the downtown area of Young'sville. We've had, in our opinion, a lot of wins, you know, lately in this particular area from St. Anne's Church, as I commented on earlier, to the downtown streetscape improvement, to Foster Park's ownership transition to the city and that revitalization, to of course, the police and city hall, police prominent city hall here. And now we're having, you know, the connectivity to Fair Haven, Foster, through Foster Park. So as you, as you, if you follow the council meetings, you know, we've had some development interest in that particular area of our community recently. So the council and their wisdoms, asking questions about what's the best way to see, you know, that area developed, I mean, should it be limited, you know, it's a single family residential, should there be density, you know, new density requirements, we're getting a lot of interest in town homes, tribal access, things that nature, we do have an ordinance that governs density, which would be, you know, townhouses and do plexes and things like that. But it is really a unique opportunity for us to, for the community to share feedback about how they would like to see that area developed in the future. So that's, they're going to be, I think it's a Tuesday, August 27th at 6 p.m. I don't believe, it's, while it's a special council meeting, I don't think we're intending to take any action that night, but based on feedback that day, the council will take it and perhaps do some, you know, do something in the future related to how we govern. So we're covering that area. Any, any announcements from the council? Chief, anything on your answer? Just, I think everybody's happy to have their kids in school. I am, because my grocery bill went down. But with that comes, you know, we're going to have offices in our school zones, monitoring speeds. We asked everybody, leave early, give yourself enough time and hope it's life's hectic, but we need these school zones to slow for our children, make sure they're safe, not only in the school zones, but in our neighborhoods, we have kids waiting for buses that are on corners. We have groups of them and a lot of areas, stop signs, this is solid poll. We just make sure we're doing the right thing for our children, make sure we're keeping these, these vehicle safety rules, texting and driving, all to a minimum. We have a lot of kids out every day, crossing roads, walking to school, like I said, as well as bus stops. So I just like everybody to keep that in mind. All right, thank you, sir. Mr. Ramirez. Yeah, I just wanted two things. Tim didn't talk about it, but all the World Series events we had and everything. I know we were at the breakfast for champions, which is probably your most prestigious event that we host. And the flattery that the mayor and our table was getting from China and Mexico team and stuff, how catered to them. And I mean, it seemed like everything went off without a hitch. So I commend y'all for continuing to do that and make it so great. It's phenomenal. It really is. And then the only thing I want to say is, to the three gentlemen that qualified for City Council and the three gentlemen that qualified for two places. Good luck. I know you got a lot of work to do and hit the ground running hard. What good luck to y'all. All right, Terry, anything, any other council announcements, any comments from the public? All right, I'll entertain a motion to adjourn. Motion by Mr. Bulls, Gianno. Second by Ms. Barrett. All in favor. Thank you so much meetings adjourn. Have a great evening. Thank you. You