 Good evening everyone and welcome. It's Thursday February 8th. The time is 6 p.m. We welcome you to the February meeting of the Youngso City Council in Mayer. For our opening, I would ask Pastor Joe Kormey from First Assembly Youngsoville to lead us in the invocation. And if you please remain standing, our pledges this evening will be led by Councilwoman Shampon. Pastor, welcome sir. Thank you so much. Such an honor to be here. As always, just take a moment and read from Psalm 133. It says, behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we thank you for just the spirit of unity that you're bringing into our city. Lord, as we just discuss your business and the business of this city, the business of its citizens. Lord, I pray that today that we can keep the best interest of everyone in our minds as we decide and make decisions in this meeting today. Lord, I pray that over this weekend, the festivities that are coming, Lord, I just pray that you just keep our citizens safe, that you protect them, that you keep our public officials in your hands and in your care. Lord, for all of our families that you let them grow closer together as they grow closer to you. And finally, Lord, we just thank you for just the blessings and prosperity you've poured out upon Young'sville and upon its citizens. Lord, I pray that you continue to bless us and that we continue to have thankful hearts as we remember everything that you've done for us. And we pray all these things in the name of Jesus. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the United States of America and to the Republic, which stands, one nation under God, individual, liberty to trust the justice. Thank you so much, Pastor. Ms. Gidry, please call the God the roll. Ms. P. Hanna, please call the God the roll. Ms. P. Hanna, please call the God the roll. Ms. P. Hanna, please call the God the roll. Ms. P. Hanna, please call the God the roll. Ms. P. Hanna, please call the God the roll. Ms. P. Hanna, please call the God the roll. Mr. coefficients are consistent as the meantime. Ms. Phalyas, Mr. Spirits serves, Mr. Boulets, new grad goes torot it and I clarifies frequently.wn Tire New minutes full affairs Lee. Accountant didn't recognize 65. The . It's important to me to let our city know our council know everybody know how great our guys do. They go out there every day, they bust their butts for us for our citizens to make sure we're safe. And whenever they go above and beyond and do these things, I want to make sure they recognize for the time, the efforts and the things that they do for us and our citizens. That being said, I have two letters of the combination that were written on two different cases that we have a couple of them couldn't be with tonight. The first and I'm going to read or two of officers that are here on December 22, 2023. Officer Scott Closio, Clay Dirk and Isaiah Rochon were dispatched at 200 block of all year road in two impossible burglary and progress. Officers responded quickly and tactically to the area coordinating a perimeter and attempt to keep the suspects contained during the course of the investigation officers gave chase to the suspects and after several minutes were able to take both suspects and. The shifts determination coordination and teamwork made them successful while it would have been easy to just take the report in the case and allow the suspects to escape these officers took pride in their department and their city to push through and pursue these suspects that plague our neighborhoods every day. It's that kind of dedication and work ethic that make our department stand out. So I'm very proud to have these guys with us tonight. I'm having a certificate for both of you if you can come up real quick. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. I have one more officer Clay Dirk couldn't be with this tonight and also officer tired or see this is first not here this evening but we'll be given to her later time. I'm sure you're going to have a chance to see the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and the police and then he'd like to talk about 4899 and Charlie and Charlie and Charlie and Charlie and Charlie and Charlie and Charlie and Charlie and Charlie and Charlie we're all happy too and we're all happy too and family. Another report from the set!!" both�� from the set million ats with the cost budget of yoururch, and we're going to keep doing this for you guys and making this city safer. Thank you! Thank you. Thank you, chief. I appreciate the feedback and recognizing the officers. They're doing sub YOUTAIN—!' First of all, to my fellow person that I've known what back in my day, Mr. Waiterall, first of all, Mayor and Council, the purpose of me being here not only for representing the school system is to extend that moving forward, I can assure you that Lafayette Parish school system will be good partners with you moving forward. I was in a different position and I saw a lot of you at our different meetings and I'm going to apologize. I'm truly going to apologize for some of the things that took place in the past. That is not what good partners are as far as government is concerned. We should always remember that we should be working together as a community and most importantly, we should be working together to make sure that our kids are in the right place. I will tell you that I always lead by example. I am with my team in schools. This particular year we have been into 244 schools giving feedback to teachers and administrators. I am in 75% of my time as in schools and I put myself in this position that number one safety is the priority for this administration. Number two is having well-disciplined schools. Number three, and the one thing that I can tell you that is probably the most troublesome of all is that we don't have kids that go to school consistently. We don't have adults that go to work consistently. I say that to you is because education is the key to any government, any municipality, and it's something that I really, as the superintendent of schools, wants to lead by example by coming and provide you with updates. This is a source of subject and this is something that I really want you to all know that I'm going to repair and I'm going to make sure that I work with the mayor and U.S. City Councilman is moving forward. Regardless of what board members did in the past, regardless of what has happened as far as decisions made at the table, we need to move forward and I say that to our board members every day that there are kids, regardless of what happened seven years ago, eight years ago that knows nothing about all of those things. And we need to, we need to think about kids. And that is what I'm going to say to you is that last night, and believe it or not, we've met with some of some resistance from some of the community members about when we brought this up and just just reminded us of past sins that we created. And things that I assure them that behind the scenes, I worked with your board member. I worked with all of those board members because I did not want any objections to what happened last night. It is a $3.5 million to where we're going to build that turf field at Southside. We're going to get those lights there. We're going to make sure that there is one of those big scantron videos that you can actually go to UL and see that's going to be that. These two, I am working behind the scenes that will include a track. It will include bleachers. It will include the various things as far as additional bathrooms, concession stands, et cetera. And I can assure you that if the things that are happening on the north side of town, or whether it's happening on the east side of town, it should be happening every single place in Lafayette Parish. The citizens of Youngsville contribute to the taxpayer dollars that we receive. You should get your fair share just like everyone else. And I say that to you is because it's not about just talking about it. I can promise you I'm a man of action. I'm a man that will deliver on these different things. I will make sure that the citizens of Youngsville see that what is due to them they're going to get. So again, moving forward, I will always come here and I will acknowledge that, hey, education, parents have choice. I'm a person, I believe in choice. I'm a public school person and I believe in choice. I talk to our team all the time. It's about competition. It's about strapping it up and it's about let's get the game going. And we have to compete. We have to do what we have to do. That means we compete with facilities. We compete with what's going on in schools. And I can tell you, we will compete. We will make sure that the kids in those schools in Youngsville get what's deserving of them. Again, I can't do this without board member support. I will tell you that Mr. Jeremy Hidalgo is a champion for this community. He is a person that, again, he works it behind. He's behind the scenes too. He is a guy that is negotiating with different board members. He's someone that he knows that we have to do it's right. So I can't take all the credit. I can tell you that those guys give me guidance and they tell me what I need to do as far as moving forward. So again, I want to thank him. I want to thank this entire school board that has dedicated what they said they were going to do. But more importantly, there's more to get done. There's more that we have to do. We will deliver on these actions. Again, the mayor has my cell number. Some of you have my cell number. You can call me any single day. You can call me about anything that we can do to kind of help. Because again, I'm going to end with this. I apologize. I apologize to you. I remember. I was in those meetings. That shit not have happened. We're going to move forward. We're going to work together. We're going to make sure that our partnership is what it's all about. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you. Superintendents, I'm inspired every time I hear you speak. Since you've been appointed, I've met you on your campuses. Well, actually before, when you were the intern, and also most recently, and I know where your heart is, your heart's with the kids and education. It's been a pleasure to develop our relationship. And I know that it'll only get stronger. So thank you for what you're doing to serve the life of our school system. Is it 30,000 students that are in your care and all the facilities. But we appreciate it. And I can tell you, I know that we have a partner in education with you as a superintendent. So thank you for coming to be open the dialogue even broader than you and I have done so far. So thank you, Mr. Ramirez. Yeah. Superintendents, I'll say this might be the first time a superintendent has been in front of us in the 10 years I've served. It takes a lot to come up and take the licks for prior administration and prior. But I think it ended the day, the fact that you were more than willing to work with your board, but you're more than willing to work with the other elected officials and leaders within communities is huge. It doesn't matter how we get to finish line, the fact that you're getting us toward that finish line is phenomenal. I've heard nothing but good things. Kudos to yourself, Jeremy, the other board members who've pushed this. I talked to a couple of them today and it's much appreciated. So thank you. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Councilman Shampa. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I'd like to thank you all so superintendent to shit. I've known you for quite a few years prior to you being superintendent when you were with the Department of Education as well as principals. And you always he always means what he says and he does what he says. So I want to thank you for being here tonight. We know our children are in good hands in our parish and welcome to the city of a young school. I'm not sure if you're going to be here. I'm just feeling our parish will look forward to seeing more of you. Thank you. All right. Thank you, Mr. Shampa. All right. It's in item 4.1. It's approval of January 11, 2024 regular meeting minutes. Motion by Mr. Romero and a second by Mr. Volgiano. Any council comment? Any public comment? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. I think council 5.1 approval of the December 2023 finance report. Motion by Mr. Volgiano and a second by Mr. Romero and a council comment. Any public comment? Yes. Sir, please come on. Oh, yes. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. So you have a comment first. Yeah, just comparing from December to January. The trajectory is looking a little bit better. And I assume I'm having a good feeling about with Mardi Gras coming up and everything. Our trajectory might dip a little bit, but with more some Mardi Gras numbers and they can come in with a Mamba and other events. You're going to be back right up. So Kudos to you guys, Titan in the Bell, Fondin some ways to save some money and all the behind scenes that we are doing. Thank you. Appreciate it. A lot of work to see. Thank you, John. Thank you. Yes, sir. Thank you. Oh, couple. Thank you. A couple of questions. When we did our budget for the B for the annual budget, did we recognize like a 304% gain over this next this period? If so, how are we coming now and how are we going to fix it if we're lower than what we are? And then I have the second questions is basically for you and for Chief Cody. Budget wise, it looks like we're still having issues of getting our officers some more money. And I would like to know what we're going to do to try to help our officers get more money and more life insurance. Trying to get that figured out. As I understand, there's possibly some type of unity between the mayors and some chief of police that there might be a way to keep our officers down. Is that an accurate statement? Because that's what I'm getting back from the field for the people that I talked to that you guys have an unwritten rule of where to start people, how to and how they work through the system. Is that something that I'm right about, wrong about? Have you all talked with other mayors or chief of police about the amount of money that we're paying our officers? Try to keep everybody on even kill? I'm not aware of what you're talking about recently. I will say that a couple years ago there was a plan that was put together by all the chiefs to increase starting pay and there was paid plans that were put together at that time. And the council at that time did adopt one in accordance with exactly what was presented from the chief of police then, but any type of recent discussion, I'm not familiar with it. Anything from you by chance? No, I'm not familiar with anything remotely on that page. And I am, I'll tell you, I am still looking at paying and looking at those pay scales and making sure they're where we need to be and see what we can do with them. So I am looking at it. If I made to your first question, this is our current budget for the fiscal year that we're currently and our projection was a 4% increase. We're currently trending about 1% or just shy of 1% up. So we're not trending to our full projection at this time. It's not unusual. I mean, it's a budget is a projection, but I mean, part of our opportunity now is to look at expenses to make sure that we deliver profit and loss statement at the end of the fiscal year that's within the acceptable margin. Are we going to be putting any more projects where we'll be pulling monies out of the general fund, you know, mending the budgets and things like that in the future since we are behind on that basically 3%. There's nothing, no new initiatives currently that I'm aware of. Sorry. Okay. Thank you. All right. Thank you. All right. There was a motion. Say is there any other public comment? All right. You have a motion. A second. Please call for the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. Other business 6.1 is to consider mending the 2023-2024 Young'sville Police Department budget in the amount of $33,000 to facilitate funding for security system upgrades at the 24th, 4th Street Facility. Have a motion by council member Mayor Pro Temmer-Marrow and there's a second by Mr. Bolziano any comment from either gentleman. Yeah. All right, Mr. Romero. Yeah. I had a conversation with our CEO, Catherine. Money is there and if I was reminded about this in the report we got back from the Sheriff's Office. Some of these items were in there. I know Chief Olivier, this is some of the things that you brought up during the interview process. Yeah. So I think it's great that you know, so quickly moving on this to especially for the minimal amount. Yeah. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Mr. Bolziano. Yeah, Chief. Appreciate you giving us a heads up and talking us through this. Obviously, this is something we want to get taken care of as quickly as possible. What, did you have a timeline? If it approves and I don't have like what that would look like when you get that all. I've already got the three quotes. This was the lowest obviously. Awesome. Just to give everybody just kind of a heads up what we're talking about, I'll explain in a little more detail. Our fourth street office is our basically a necessary patrol building, right? That's where we keep our cars, our evidence and our patrol guys do their day to day functions along with their supervisors. That building in essence houses, the outside of the exterior, the building houses our cars. Since then since I've come in, I found money to fix the gate, automatic gate we have to make sure our cars are secure. It keeps that exterior the building secure, but the interior of the building at this point, we don't have any access to who comes in and out of the building really if they have keys. Our camera system, our DVR only records for about an hour and it overrides itself. So it's useless to us if we have any issues. And then our evidence room we had to expand due to the amount of evidence which we need camera systems to watch all that stuff. So that's what this is and even before we share some support, you might have stuff that on my initial walkthrough, I was noticing that these were issues. But yeah, so it's immediately ready to go. I have the contracts drawn up from the company, ready to be signed and ready to move on it. Awesome. Thanks, Chief. Appreciate the work. Thank you. All right, is there any other council comment? Any public comment? Okay, if there's no public comment, Ms. Giddjerk, please open the book. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, Chief and council. I did see Officer Dirk walking him briefly and he slipped that again. So if he was one of the ones that I know are chief wanted to compliment this evening. So if I do see him walk back in, if you all allow me to, I mean, I said I'll snatch him up. Okay, yeah. So if you all just work with him, if I do see him come back in, I'll I'll interrupt you guys and give the chief the opportunity to give us all an opportunity to come in, Officer Dirk. All right, resolution 7.1, resolution 202402. The resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute for and on behalf of the city of Youngso, the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, an act of substantial completion from Griner drilling services, incorporated contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for what, what are well numbered nine? So motion by Mr. Volgiano and second by Ms. Jean Pym. Is there any council comment? All right, is there any public comment? We can hear from Susan during her report, if you'd like. I can say this is the final well. We now have three, is it fair to say deep water wells? Yeah, so we have three water wells. They're currently are able to service our water plant, but as you know, the water plants 50 years old. So we really can't max, we can't really see the full potential of these wells until we move forward with building our new water plant. These three wells really have replaced over the years much shallower wells that were surrounding the previous city hall at 305 and then also the previous police department property. So this is a huge milestone. This is the property on East Parkwood. So the ones on East Parkwood, that's number nine and then the other two are what's known as the horse arena site, which is going to house our future water plant that we've been in talks with you about in our final design phase. So all right, is there any public comment? All right, no public comment. The skidry please call the vote to accept the resolution. All in favor, motion approved. All right, thank you, the skidry. Ordnance is for final adoption. Tonight there's one agenda item 8.1 is amended ordinance for 8 8 2024. In order to the city of Yongezo, Louisiana, amending section 24 23 rates established, prescribing the rates, charges and deposits for water, sewerage, solid waste and recycling service, accounts service by the city of Yongezo, Louisiana. Okay, there's a motion by Councilmember Boljano and a second by Mrs. Councilman Barres. Is there any council comment? Any public comment or discussion? All right, hearing none, the skidry, please call for the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right, thank you, Council. We'll go ahead and move into staff announcements. Susan, since we were talking about water, you want to maybe tee us off to start that conversation, perhaps? So, we're in the process of doing some changes to the water treatment plant design to decrease the size of the building and take away some architectural features to kind of decrease the cost of the project. And so we've asked for an extension to go to bed on this job. And we're just awaiting the water sector committee approving that. The rest of it, we're looking at some changes for the upgrade of pump station for on Iberia Street, how it can reduce the cost of that, as well as the waste water treatment plant upgrade, you know, trying to save some money where we can there. And the rest of it, we're working on the Shugamil Pond upgrade, which will involve a new force main, a parallel force main to the existing force main. So we're working with Robert Dagle and those people to site where that new force main will go and then we'll design the pump station upgrade. So that's all in the works. Okay. So any questions for Susan relative to her report? All right. All right. Well, we appreciate it. I know that we appreciate you working with us to control the cost. I mean, it's no surprise to everyone. The cost of construction has gone up considerably over the last couple of years. So even though we've been in plans and in planning and design for several years on our new water treatment facility, we really felt it was incumbent upon us to really scrub the design the best that we could small lower the footprint and really reassess what those needs were for the water treatment plant. For the public's benefit, I know I've told the council is aware of this, but our water treatment plan, when we do go out to bid, which now we've asked for an extension to the end of March, the benefit of our water treatment plan is that it will quadruple our daily production of water. The idea is that it'll lessen our dependency on our LUS wholesale water purchases. The majority of us in this room and the majority of our residents are LUS wholesale water customers since the city's master plan and before that time, we've known that in order to continue growing, that we would have to make some decisions relative to water and the decisions that were made was to continue drilling wells, which we've just completed our third one. Those enable us to produce more water with quadruple in our daily production. Our goal is to lower the currently 1.3 million gallons of water that we're purchasing wholesale today and increase the 220,000 gallons of water that we're making today. And that way we can be in essence in charge of our own destiny, but it's largely, over largely related to our ability to continue growing. But as you know, over the past year, we've had some severe weather issues drought. We had an interesting drought where there was some water pressure issues across a lot of water systems. The LUS wholesale system was not immune from that. And then also more recently, the freeze, those are variables that have affected our system further, I think, emphasizing the need that we need to be finalizing the plans to move forward. But when we do move forward with those plans, it's going to be in a scrub down version of the original initial design, but still achieve the same goals to where we can produce more water and purchase less. So we appreciate you working with us because I know you were very close to the finish line. So look forward to bringing more conversations to the council about that topic soon. So all right. Thank you, Susan. Pam. Okay. So on the roadway improvements, we are milling and overlaying right now in both field crest and devinway. Most of the milling has finished. We did have to do a couple more patches. But the weather provided, we should be finished with overlay. I'm thinking by end of next week, maybe beginning of the following. I know we have the holiday. I think they're planning on working Monte Grau, day, you know, if weather is good because I'm going to be around. So there's, you know, with our parade being on Saturday. In fact, I even told them that after the road's closed, I didn't have a problem with them overlay. And if that's what they needed to do in on, on devinway, you know, in devinway, if they wanted to do it just to kind of get it, they can't overlay on field crest. I'm very well organized. Yeah. No, it's not. But they haven't asked. But if that was, I know last year, we did have a detention ponds working while we were all doing the Monte Grau parade because the contract worked on on the Saturday. The Seymour projects, so Glilagia did start moving some of their dirt to where the road would be started removing top soil. Of course, we got hit with a two inch rain. So we also got to a GMP for both projects for what we're calling phase one. So phase one, again, going back to the funding. The mayor talked about between funding and what you guys have in priority one with capital outlay. Your phase one, a fortune road will be your roundabout and the road extending to Fairfield with Rousard. Your phase one A is now going on 89 is still fortune road, but two heart to farm. So based upon your funding, we're going to get as far as heart to farm. It's actually not fortune road. I'm sorry, it's from Sabel Palms Road, just south of Sabel Palms all the way to heart to farm. And then we'll transition phase one B already designed. As your funding comes in with the next capital outlay bill, then that that's already designed and ready to go. And so we're now trying to finalize a couple of things there so that we can start working on phase two design with those two projects. So we are waiting on concurrence from capital from facility plan control. Nicole and the mayor and I did talk to we have a new project manager, but he said it is his top priority since he knows a contractor is actually on site. We're currently working on your letters for funding sources to move some money to pay for the tractor roundabout expansion. So that those plans are done to improve that roundabout. And so we you do have some funding with the MPO that was originally for 89 that we want to move for that tractor roundabout construction. So a writing the letters that allows you to transfer it and also to get funding for milling and overlaying phase two of highway 89 while we're doing the ultimate widening design. And then grant funding for highway 92 that's already designed for construction through the race program. That was part of the transportation infrastructure bills or whatever bipartisan infrastructure bill. It was formerly long and a road, the south east west corridor. We are working with the property owners. We have a pretty good alignment set. Now we're working with the property owners to see if everybody is amenable to start working to appraisals for purchasing property. You do have funding in facility plan control for the purchase of right away and for design. And you know in talking with the guy from facility plan control, he said and kind of gave me a couple of recommendations on buttons we can press and forms and stuff so that they recognize it's moving forward so that they don't just give us money for a year so they give us the construction dollars moving forward. So it was some good advice. Press got 92 roundabout moving forward with our preliminary plans and Anselam Cooley. We're doing some additional work that they requested on the environmental assessment and completing the survey for the preferred site. Perfect. Okay. I couldn't help it. It looks to hit it representative Pierre because we've come full circle. We went before his committee when he was the chairman of the House Transportation Committee to get Seymour approval for these same projects. And so we're still working on him. But what may be of interest to you representative and then also to my colleagues here. I know two of our council colleagues went to the I guess it's still called the DOTD Road Show. Is that the right DOTD Road Show was today. Yes. So council members Creed and Boris went on behalf and I know DAX was there to representing Fence to Maker. But what councilman Boris spoke on behalf of the city for was really we have three million dollars of road transfer credits that we accepted to take ownership of Young Zohaiway initially. So it's a state road. We had a lot of different grant funding source opportunities. The one that seemed to be the most viable path was capital outlay dollars. So that's the path we went in order to get ownership of it. So we could move forward with it. We accepted road transfer credits. Those are in essence the way I describe them just to myself or it's monopoly money because you still have a lot of limitations about how and where you can use them. So as Pam's going through the litany of other projects, as you know we've been designing the track around about for improvements to veterans around about for improvements, long lane road extension, all these things. We're trying to plug in the various funding sources because sales tax and sales tax bonds and cash on loan aren't going to get us there. I'm reminded that we have three million dollars of road transfer credits and the only reason we're doing the capital outlay project on Young Zohaiway is because we're fixing a former state road. So now with a new administration, new transportation secretary are asked, I believe is a simple one and that is hey we have a C-more project. We have a contractor that's mobilized. We have we have phase, I'm sorry, priority one money that's made it through the bond commission. We know what our total dollar amount is. We have the match. We're waiting on concurrence of the contract. So everything's stepped in place and what we're asking our legislative delegation, the new secretary and the new administration is can we unlock? At least part of those three million dollars in road transfer credits, so it's what I call monopoly credits, can we unlock part, if not all of them, to cash to where we can apply that to continue on our next phase of Young Zohaiway, which would be from Fortune Road, Sable Palm, South to the intersection where we are today. The challenge has been we've tried to play the textbook game of use those road transfer credits on eligible roads. The issue in Young'sville is there's really not eligible roads in which to use them. Yes, we could use them on Young Zohaiway, but Young Zohaiway would have required the Department of Transportation to have been part of the design, but we've already now have it designed. So there's some levels of bureaucracy to go through there, but we believe that it's the best use of taxpayer dollars, whether it's the state or our local taxpayer dollars to, can we work out a settlement, if you will, on these road transfer credits, because we have a contractor that can continue, if nothing else, to do a mill and overlay of Young Zohaiway from Sable Palms towards Copperfield, to which we can build on the exterior lanes and a future capital outlay project. So I appreciate Shannon and Jamie gone and conveying that on our behalf today. That's also what our administration with PAMS help has conveyed to our new legislators, the local DOTD office, did say that they would be in support of it, and that they would tee it up with the new secretary. So we're optimistic that we'll continue to get that level of support, because our belief is that there's projects that are in the queue that may not be able to actually go through funding, where part of our $3 million in credits could be slid in, therefore applied to the Seymour project as an amendment, and we get to continue seamlessly on Young Zohaiway without just depending on solely capital outlay. So any help would be appreciated. So did I? Yes, you did convey that. I mean, I honestly think the $3 million is so everybody knows when they did part of that $3 million when you took, it was based upon how they calculated when they were going to, you started this road transfer with Highway 89 in 2012 under Wilson's administration. So when they calculated from your first road transfer, it was based on those dollars. So I believe you've already given them a very good bargain, because I can assure you you can't do anything in 2024 that you could do in 2012 for $1.8 million. So we've deff, the good thing is this was the first and we had a meeting several weeks ago and it was the first time the guy in Baton Rouge actually agreed that he had seen his jump through enough hoops that he in fact is also going to support that we have run out of options. I mean, and it's not because he didn't try everything he could and we're just like, we're at a point now that the longer you do it, the $3 million is going to be like not even having anything. And that's not the spirit of which the city took on this road. And I can't say with everything else we've seen from all the other agencies and just the short 40 days, payment to communities and getting money to communities and everything else has been a hot button of this administration all the way across from GoSEP and also Office of Community Development and everything we're hearing, they've all been instructed by the governor, like people need to be paid, communities need to be paid within 30 days. And so they're trying to unlock the money because of course what's best for sales tech community recovery for anything then to start getting infrastructure. So we have seen a huge trend in working with different project managers across all the state agencies in the last 40 days. I'll just say that I've probably seen more responsiveness than ever in my 30 year career of doing work in Louisiana. All right, any questions for Pam or any concerns? All right, thank you, Pam. Tim, since the microphone's already on there, you want to just go ahead. Yes, thanks, Mayor. Our baseball and softball registration closed. We'll be having player evaluations on Saturday, February 17th. Bitty basketball regular season ended and now they'll be moving into all store play. Outside soccer has started practice here and at Foster Port and they will start game, their game weekends on the 17th of February. We've completed the Martigrow Invitational this past weekend with 23, you know, Juco and D2 Women's Fast Pitch teams and of course the Martigrow Mamba Tournament will take place this weekend. The only game change so far is South Eastern and University of Wisconsin from Green Bay is planned tonight at 7 because they've traveled so far. They want to make sure that their Sunday game will get played tonight. So there's single day tickets and weekend passes and you can get on our website, yumsillsportscomplex.com for tickets for the tournament. Perfect. All right, thank you so much. Let's see, Dax is still in no pressure obligation. We have your report, but if you'd like to. The sports complex, there's been a significant and stewards here with JB Muton, a significant amount of workers out there. There's been a lot of concrete place over the last three weeks. We were waiting for this time. Just a quick note, a lot of the steel is going to be coming in. It takes a long lead time. So we've, I think in two weeks, we're going to get the steel in so we can start building the concession structure. All the light poles have been coming in. So you'll start seeing the light poles going up. And so it's going well. It's going to, right now, we're projected to be late spring early summer. That's been the conversation. There's been a lot, there's a lot of concrete in the amphitheater already. So it's, it's coming a lot. So that's it. Any questions? Yeah. We are, just for the public's benefit. We are now seeking sponsorships for this new phase of the sports complex, pickleball courts. I think we're down to one of the two fields, amphitheater. We also have sponsorship opportunities still on the inclusive play set. So just throwing that out there because these are new opportunities for anyone that has been previously interested for sponsorships at the, at our set original 70 acre site that may not have had the opportunity yet. So Tim's office is handling that. So. All right. Thank you. Thank you, thanks. Appreciate it. Chief. And do you have anything else? Good. Thank you. All right. Appreciate it. Let's see. Anyone else on my team? Terry or Stant? All right. But any counseling? Yes. Miss. Let's see. I'm so glad the superintendent and our school board member stayed tonight because I wanted to not only thank the mayor, but acknowledge the fact that I was able to honor and humbled to be able to participate in the school garden initiative this weekend with green tea lending. And they were awesome. First graders, of course, I was a little nervous when they picked up the knife, but they were pros. They were pros. I tell you, green tea, lending, God, best organized and Ernest Godlet made a very good showing. But if someone has never been to the garden initiative, what it is is the students have their own gardens behind their schools. So they use those garden items to cook. And green tea cooked fried chicken tenders, which they didn't grow, but maybe one day, maybe I don't know if the city will let them have chickens, but they did the fried chicken. And as well as they had a delicious green bean casserole with all of that, they grew their own basil and garlic and everything. It was really, really awesome. And I was so proud of them and so proud to be a part of it. It is a great initiative. The school board actually sponsors a part of it also. And green tea, lending and Ernest Godlet, super talented kids. That's all I can say. I want to give them a big round of applause, even though they're not here tonight. Other thing is I was very honored to be able to attend a ceremony this week, the Milken Awards. They were forgiven out in the state of Louisiana. One went to a wonderful teacher and Johnston Hopkins Elementary in New Iberia. Her name is Christine Bayard. I wanted to make sure we acknowledge her tonight because she is a resident of Young'sville. She's a math teacher at Johnston Hopkins Elementary. She's a resident of Young'sville and her children, actually one of them was in the Gordon initiative, her little first grade at Liam on Saturday. Wonderful family. This award is, it acknowledges excellence in education. They only do maybe 40 a year. And it came with a $25,000 award that she can use, however she likes. But she now becomes a team of the Milken Foundation, which is leadership in teachers. So I think it's awesome. And I hope we get to acknowledge Miss Bayard being a resident of the city of Young'sville. Absolutely. It was awesome. Please invite her to come by. I think it was last year, the year before it on recall. Almost certain green tea linden head and educator that was awarded the same where they come in and it's that there's an assembly and they award them at the assembly. So they come out of Los Angeles. It's a foundation out of Los Angeles. Very cool to see. Milken, low milken. And it was awesome. And he energized all the kids. You know, he made them participate in the program. It was really a good thing to see. And even more wonderful, that is one of our residents that received the award. Absolutely. All right. Yeah. That's great. All right. Thank you, Miss Jean-Pine. Mr. Boljana. Yeah, it's two things. I'll piggyback a little bit off of a councilwoman Jean-Pine to our superintendent, Tushet and a school member, Ted Algo. I really want to appreciate you guys for getting this accomplished. The sound of a huge win for Young'sville, but really for the south side of Acadiana for Bruce R. Milton, Young'sville included. Not only to have our kids play at a stadium right here in Young'sville and have that home-filled advantage and create memories for our students that will last a lifetime, but we're also going to keep our sales tax dollars right here and life a perish. That's going to be a huge win for us. So thank you all for that and Kudos to you all for getting that done. We're excited to see the city erected and have our team play at home. Secondly, just want to wish all of our residential residents good luck this set tomorrow. Saturday for the parade. We can't wait to see everybody out there. Our team here, Public Works and PD, has put in a tremendous amount of work and mayor and staff on getting this parade organized and put together. So excited to have another record-breaking year in Young'sville. And obviously, we don't wish our safety for our first responders out there keeping our parade going safe. And hope you have a great time. That clock you've been somewhere before. Speaking of Marty Grive, I was... Oh, well... Oh, no. Let me talk. Chief Luvier, you have the floor, sir. You come up real quick. Don't sit down. Congratulations, Officer Dirk. We're all so proud of you. Thank you. Keep up the great work. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Speaking of Marty Grive, of course, we're proud to have our two Marty Grive crews in Young'sville. But I was also just paying attention to a lot of things through social media this past couple of weeks. We have several other residents that are part of Marty Grive royalty that I just want to acknowledge. Because if you've never been in a Marty Grive crew, which I have not, it is very... It's very, very expensive to do so that is such a commitment. So, I want to just start by acknowledging, of course, our oldest Marty Grive crew. Crudez, I'm me, Michael, and Holly Williams are our King and Queen. Crue Lavie, do as Michael Crowell, Jennifer Perron. I want to congratulate those are our two Young'sville crews, as everyone knows. And then three other crews, Crue DeWideload, our King, the King this year. As Jared Bro, he's a resident here in Young'sville. The Mystic crew of Iberians is Dr. Chris Feldman, he's the King this year, and he's our resident here in Young'sville. And the Mystic crew of Apollo, the King and Queen are both residents of Young'sville, King Jay Frost and the Queen Kevin Doer. So we think... I think of Marty Grive and a bubble thinking in terms of our Marty Grive parade and working with the team and how to execute that. But I'd be remiss if I didn't take the opportunity just to congratulate our residents along with Miss Champagne's thought about all the other great things that are happening and the members of the community that are contributing so much to their organization. So congratulations to each of you. Let's see, Chief... Yeah. Let's see... Chief DeWideload, please. I did, yeah. I almost forgot Marty Grive. God forbid, how do we do that? Oh, I just... I want to thank everybody who worked hard. We put our heads together from the Council to the Mayor. Public Works, you guys have done a great job to get everything set up. My Deputy Chief, Gave Topse, I want to recognize him. He's put a lot of tireless hours into this and get it together. We have the most police officers this year that we've ever had work in, which I think is going to be phenomenal for the city. Keep everybody safe. Our intersection safe. Our participants and not only our participants and citizens, but the people that come and visit for this parade. So I think it's going to be a good time for all exercise safety with everybody with whatever you need. And I think it's going to be a good weekend. All right. Thank you, Chief. We're looking forward to it and Mr. Ramirez. Yeah, just two things. I'll piggyback off of what you said. Cudos to your staff, your administration, all the people behind the scenes, Terry, your people, Chief Fire Department. It doesn't go and recognize how much of a pain in the butt to put a mortal go parade on is. Y'all make it look seamless. Y'all really have, I think I feel before going into it, found a great balance of what we're all needing moving forward. I'm sure we'll have things to change. There always is change. But you'll listen to the people. You'll listen to everybody. Y'all went all over the place back and forth with different ideas. And I think y'all have a great route. Great ideas for the whole parade. It crews everything. And definitely doesn't go on notice. So hopefully y'all enjoy Sunday after it's all over a bit better. Especially with the Super Bowl and everything. And speaking of cleaning up and everything with mortal go, we do have our keeping young's will beautiful. This is a great project. I think it's a 90 year maybe I want to say. Eighth or 90 year because we had to miss one year. This is a great opportunity for citizens. Groups. I know we have a group from, I think Green Tea. We have a group from Arca. I think a couple groups from South Side of No Coming. They always show up big. It's just a great opportunity for neighborhoods and people to get together and dig in, get a little dirty and get young's will back looking like it should. And after we have our cleanup crews come in during the week, we will meet at Sugar Beach at Sports Complex. About eight o'clock. We'll have a little bit of breakfast and food. Do a little safety rundown by the chief and fire department should be there. And we'll have vests for people who need them. We'll have safety personnel. We'll assign you an area and you can work till 11 o'clock. You can put an hour in a couple hours in. 830 or so will be on the roads, starting cleanup and just get young's will back to the way it should look. So hopefully if you want to sign up, you can go to the City Facebook page or just search keeping young's will beautiful. There's a link and we get the alert and you can sign your group up or yourself up. And kids are allowed. All right. Well, thank you sincerely. All right. Any other business before the council? Yes, Miss Pan. I just wanted to let the council know that while I know they just recently voted for the stadium just so you know, their design professionals are already working with me on drainage. So. That's a prop. Maybe my reputation must pursue itself, I guess. So I know you didn't want to say it, Mayor, but I can say it. But I've already like twice already talked to him with regards to drainage, but he initiated it and so he is on top of it. So. I'll be a little more excited about it. 24. All right. Anything else council? All right. Is there a motion to adjourn? All right. Motion by Mr. Boljano, second by Mr. Romero. And Miss Gidjard, do you want to do the vote? So all right. You can vote on your screen. Thank you all. Have a great evening. Happy Marty Grott. And thank you for allowing us to serve. Thank you.