 Father, we just come to you at the end of the year, Father, to thank you for a great year for the city of Young's will, Father, the things that you've done in our city, God, and just the improvements. And more than anything, Father, a city that honors you above all, God. Father, we pray for this meeting that the words that are said tonight, glorify you and honor you. And thank you for the smiles as I walked in and the friendliness in this room, God. We thank you for our mayor and his leadership, God, and the council for their leadership, God. More than anything, Father, as we come to this time of year, let us remember this time of year is all about Jesus, God. And it's because of him we're here. We pray all of this in his name, amen. Amen. Allegedly, just to the body of the United States of America, and to the Republic, which expands when nation, when it got invisible, liberty and justice for all. All right, well, before we get started with the regular meeting, first like to welcome councilmember Nick Nylon to the days. And, yeah. Applause. And his wife Taylor and Sun Jude are here in the front row, as well as his end-laws in the second row. I'd like to ask our city attorney to swear on our new councilmember. So Nick, if you wouldn't mind coming around the front, family, certainly welcome to join. And Mr. Trahyes is going to administer your oath of officer. Good luck. We'll do the actual thing. I'm sorry, let's do that one. I'm sorry. I like that. Thank you. They could please repeat after me. I, Nicholas Nylon. I, Nicholas Nylon. You solemnly swear or a firm that I will support. You solemnly swear or a firm or a firm that I will support. The Constitution and the laws of the United States and the laws of the United States. Have a Constitution and laws and a Constitution and laws of this state? This state is that I will faithfully and that I will faithfully and impartially and impartially. This charge is before this charge and before all the students, all the duties, incumbent upon me as council member, as council member, division D, city of young's bill, according to the best, according to the best, of liability and understanding and understanding the healthy God. So, healthy God. Congratulations. Thank you. All right. All right. Miss Gidry, please call the roll. Miss Barres. Here. Mr. Volgiano. Here. Mr. Romero. Here. Mr. Nylon. Here. Miss Champagne. Here. All right. Thank you, Nicole. Thank you. I also want to take a moment to recognize our incoming chief of police is here with us. Where is he? I don't see him. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I've used to seeing you on this slide. Our incoming chief of police, JP Brusards here. Mr. Brusard, you're welcome to say a few words if you'd like. We appreciate you being here with us this evening. As I shared earlier this week that our incoming chief is going to take the oath of office at a later date in the Sunrise determines when that is. I'm going to share it on his behalf with the public. So the floor is yours, sir. Good evening. First of all, I'd like to thank the citizens of Youngsville, the council, the mayor, chief and beer. I appreciate your dedication, sir. Today. I'm here to say thank you to everybody. I appreciate everybody's support, especially the citizens of Youngsville. I'm here to work tirelessly for them, moving forward. My goal is to make Youngsville one of the sacred cities in the state. Thank you. Thank you. Looking forward to working with you, JP. Thank you. All right. This evening we also have, let's, well, let me do this one first. We have two candidates for office here, but let me go and order if you don't mind. I have a gen item 4.1. I have the privilege this evening to recognize and just an outstanding friend of the Youngsville community. I was thinking about it, you know, earlier this year and there's really few people that come to mind just at a, you know, quick thinking that have had more influence on Youngsville as a non-resident than Mr. John and Bruce R. has contributed a lot to our community, but he's never actually lived here in Youngsville. So I wanted to share, you know, some of, some of what I believe are his best attributes highlight his contributions to our city. And, you know, why, why do this now? As we continue to grow, I don't want to lose sight. I don't think any of us want to lose sight of where we've come from. So tonight, Mr. John, we've, we've want to give you some recognition. Your Youngsville High School graduate attended SLI. Your wife's here. Miss Emma, nice to see you, ma'am. Immigilor fromville plant. They've had one son guy. Those of you that don't know, Mr. Bruce R. served as the postmaster of Youngsville. He was licensed in real estate for a short time and decided that that wasn't really the best thing for him, but he developed a real good knack for real estate development during that time. If you've grown up in politics around our community, you know that Mr. John was always interested in politics as well. He is best friend. I was like a brother. Was our former Paris president, Walcoma. So, Mr. John always sat in on a lot of those conversations and discussions about how to move not only the Paris, but of course Youngsville forward. When I spoke to the former Paris president's son this week, he said that you were literally one of the best human beings that he's ever known. The compliment is that his interest in politics brought him to some interesting places in the history of our community. He sponsored a couple of lunches that proved to be very important in our history. One was with Mayor Denayas. Of course, the Paris president and the Acadiana delegation to start conversations on how we could have a loop in our community, how we could have a shimmmetory parkway. Of course, we know how that project worked out. We were proud to have it here today. Another lunch that Mr. John spearheaded was also with the Paris president staff, Mr. Bill Font-Know with DOTD. And that was to work on the Ambassador Caffrey extension, which as we know, you know, has been such such a vital project for not only getting getting us here to Youngsville, but to Bruce Art and just developing South Lafayette as well. He mentioned his failure on that project was we didn't deliver or they couldn't deliver on a six foot wide sidewalk. But maybe they'll do that one day for you, Mr. John. Also, he was very closely aligned with Mayor Gallet at the time. Mayor Gallet had created the Youngsville Industrial Development Association, which we still believe was really a committee of one person. And that was Mr. John. At the time, Mayor Gallet was trying to replace the jobs associated with the sugar mill that we had in Youngsville because it burned down. So, Mayor Gallet, this is something I didn't know, was really, Mayor Gallet was trying to get a key a car dealership, a car manufacturer here in Youngsville. We were unsuccessful in that, but they were successful in bringing southern structures to Youngsville. And they were at that time sending a frame packages worldwide. So, that was a little bit background about Mr. John, but how do we all more currently know Mr. John? What I'm proudest of is that he took a gamble on Youngsville before we were a solid bet. He assembled a group of builders to purchase 450 acres in Youngsville, which later became the copper fields and copper meadows neighborhoods. So those projects in the time frame that was during the 80s, the oil busts, and some challenging economic time periods. So, but worked out well. And Mr. John and Steve Aschie developed field crest and then later, sable poems as well. As a home builder, he built hundreds of homes in our community. And he also built dozens of post offices. He was the Acadiana home builder builder of the year, 1994. He was a Lions Club member for about 55 years and still is today. We saw him at the dedication of the inclusive play play set. He was also the Lions Club citizen of the year, Youngsville Chamber citizen of the year, served many years on the planning commission and as a lead up board member. He was involved in so many meetings and conversations about all things Youngsville. His family donated property for the fire station on fountain view, fountain view drive today that we know as the Jason Seymaw fire station one. He was a family guy specifically donated the acreage for St. Anne's for school or church. And then when they decided to focus more on the church, they re re met got together and the Brewsert family was was very generous and helping St. Anne's get their footing. And then there was probably I don't know I don't know I'm guessing maybe five years four or five years ago that that Mr. John came to me. Giggling and he said he's going to do he's he told him that he's going to do one more. And that one more was Southern trails. And so Southern trails is still being developed today. He did sell that property to Rusty Brewsert and also Steve and Ashley that are finishing the project. But I know Mr. John is keeping a good eye on that project. So when you think about the the neighborhoods that Mr. John developed before Youngsville is a solid bed copper field is one that we've used many times as an example. In fact, have created ordinances based on because of the several things one that the design, you know, short call to sex streets. He had the foresight to put an HOA when HOAs weren't popular dedicated green space that copper field could later build their own common areas. And those principles we've later, you know, about 10 years ago put as standards across our entire development criteria for new neighborhoods. And this I was always interested in if you ever want to know where the copper names come from. I was wondering I said what did I miss in Youngsville that was relative to that Mr. John told me that it was just inspired from his travels and that was from some traveling in Las Vegas. So when you're picking street names with 911 I did know this. I mean it's it's you have to kind of come up with several back back up streets because 911 has to make sure there's no conflicts. You know with anything similar there. But in one thing that has always stuck out for me Mr. John that you've always said was that it doesn't cost a lot to be helpful to somebody. And I think it's through that generosity and that spirit that that you've taken just such a great interest in Youngsville. So tonight I want to present you with a key to the city from the citizens of Youngsville. It's presented to John C. Broussard in recognition of your exceptional dedication and transformative contributions to the city of Youngsville as an original developer home builder, property donor, postmaster, community leader, and steadfast supporter of civic growth. So the legacy has shaped the heart of our city and your vision and service exemplify the spirit of Youngsville where life is sweeter. So with heartfelt gratitude I'd like to call you up and present you with this key to the city Mr. John C. Broussard. We're ripping it out the class. Maybe I'll meet Mr. John here and Youngsville. We're going to be behind Mr. John C. Broussard. We're going to be behind Mr. John C. Broussard. You might have to ride home on your own. I'll film that good. Next item on the agenda. I'm going to introduce Mr. John C. Broussard. Mr. John C. Broussard. I'd like to thank you for having me tonight to address not only you but all the citizens of Youngsville. My name is Jesse Reagan. I'm running for state senate district 23. District 23 encompasses Youngsville, Broussard, Milton, Lafayette, Scott, and the Austin area. I'm married to my beautiful wife, Kyla, for 20 years. We have three teenage boys and we actually reside right down the road in Sabel Ponds, which is one of Mr. John Broussard's developments. For the past 20 years, I've been a mortgage banker in a KDN. I've served thousands of families in a KDN. I've realized an apiece of the American dream through home ownership. I also have partnerships in several other companies that specialize in finance, hospitality, and real estate development. 15 years ago, I chose to get more involved in the community. I've held chairmanship roles in the Broussard Chamber of Commerce, the Broussard Economic Development Corporation, the Broussard Civil Service Board, the leukemia and lymphoma society, and I'm the current chair of the Lafayette Industrial Development Board. That service led me to seek public office for the last six years of in a city councilman in Broussard. I'm just like you sitting in these chairs here, you know, we chose public service because we wanted to be able to affect change and to bring prosperity to our future generations in our communities so they don't have to leave and find opportunities elsewhere. As a city councilman, I've worked directly on municipal budgets, on infrastructure projects, as well as essential services. So I understand firsthand the challenges that that local government's face. This hands-on experience gives me a unique perspective that you can't get from the private sector alone. I built crucial relationships in Bat Rouge needed to advocate for our communities and navigate the legislative process effectively. This isn't just about making laws. It's about understanding how those those laws affect our families and our communities and our daily lives. As a father and a business owner, I understand the daily struggles. Educating our children, paying higher insurance premium, ever rising higher insurance premiums, children higher taxes than our neighboring states and watching family members have to leave to find opportunities elsewhere. So my commitment is simple. I bring the same conservative principles that guided me as a city councilman in Broussard all the way to Bat Rouge. That's exactly what I'll do in the state senate, putting our families first, fighting for lower taxes, affordable insurance, and protecting the values that we all share as a community. I've said it once and I'll say it again. The seat cannot be bought. The state is not for sale and our values will not be compromised. Just as I thought for the values in Broussard, you can trust that I'll never back down for defending our faith and our values in Bat Rouge. So I humbly ask for your support and your vote in the upcoming Senate election. It's going to be here in 60 days. It's going to be a sprint. So I thank you for your time and I'm happy to answer any questions that you may have. We should the best of luck. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And agenda item 4.3 Mr. Brock Mars is here also to announce his candidacy to Young'sville for Senate District 23 representative. Welcome, sir. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, council members. Nick, congratulations again. It was great to be here and see you sworn in today. I'm going to introduce myself a Brock Mars representative Brock Mars, a born and raised in St. Andrew, Paris. So not necessarily down the road, but spit the last 20 years here in Lafayette, Paris. Spit my entire career in the health care side. My family started a company 30 years ago called LHC group. I grew up in that company. I've spent my entire career in life building, helping to build that company. I've spent 42 states across the United States. We have 35,000 employees who are based right there on Hugh Wallace Road in Lafayette. And we kept that company here in Lafayette, in Lafayette, Paris because of the living and breathing culture that exists in this area. Not only that, the people are special, the geography is special, and we've chosen to keep that company here. And that is something that I think is worth fighting for and protecting. A year ago, sorry, two years ago, I decided to lean into service. Our company went through a transition. And for me, I've saved one thing that our constituents are not going to have to worry about Senate District 23 this time. It's for me. I found myself going into the ballot box year after year and not seeing good options. And I'm proud to say that even just here, Mr. Reagan, just now speaking, the more that I learn about him, I don't think that we're going to have that issue in Senate District 23. I think we're going to give people at least two good options. We don't know how many options are going to be there, but I think two good options are going to be there. When I decided to make that run for House District 45 and represent the Central Portal Lafayette, I went in with the experience of private industry, but very little on the government side. And I tell my closest friends this every day, the day that I become a politician, I don't want to be there anymore because that is not what I'm there to be in service. I was actually chosen to be the rising store of the legislature of both houses and honored without award earlier this year by the Southwest Chamber of Commerce. I was selected to be the vice chairman of the Acadiana delegation, a serve under Chairman Boye. So he and I are both the officers that lead that delegation. I was chosen for the Speaker's Executive Committee, so I helped to lead all changes with staff and decisions that take place at the Capitol. Also serve on the Ways and Means Committee. So we've just, of course, ended a historic tax session where we spent three weeks as many of you I'm sure know, resetting the tax structure for the state of Louisiana. I serve Health and Welfare, which is where my background and monologist, of course, and I also serve on the retirement and the joint budget committees. So in one single year, I've been through five sessions and implemented so much change in the state of Louisiana that I think we can be proud of. As I said, my career has certainly been through a number of things inside health care, but I focus most of my career on mergers and acquisitions. So I negotiate transactions throughout our state, which is very much part of collaboration and building and building up and deals together, which is what we've been doing in the legislature. And I think it's important to be able to collaborate with communities across across this great parish. I've been married to my wife for 20 years as well. We have a 14 year old son, my wife here, Carly in the back. We were just talking her employers, Dr. John Terry, who's been a dental hygienist for 20 years. They just opened an office, actually a block away from from here. So that's their third office and she's she's hardworking every day as does my son. I will say that, you know, I hope to have the chance to be able to serve Senate District 23. I know it's a fast jump one year in the House of Representatives. I actually have to go to leadership and say, you know, for me and my career and having been able to lead as many people as I have throughout my career. I went out and I took somebody in and I see them growing and they jump and they go to another job that always did kind of burn me a little bit. So I had to go to leadership and had to say, you guys have put in a lot of investment at me. And I need to make sure that this is the right move. And I was assured from my leaders that Brock Louisiana needs you in this role. And so it's not an easy jump to just come out of a campaign for a representative and go right back into a campaign after five sessions, but our heart and soul is in it. And we're so ready to go and I hope they chance to get a good represent you guys. And I have you take any questions as well. All right. Well, we wish you both the best of luck. Thank you all both for being here. Thank you. And Brock, I know you and your wife have other. You told me other obligations. So no hard feelings if you have to step out. So. All right. And just one acknowledge of instant Pierre from mayor president, Boulay's office is here with us and also our parish council member. Ken stands very so welcome. Welcome back. Ken. All right agenda item 5.1 approval of the November 14, 2024 meeting minutes motion. All right. Motion by Mr. Boljano second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barrett. Yes. Mr. Boljano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council agenda item 6.1 is approval of the October 2024 finance report. Motion by council member Romero and the second by councilwoman Boris. Is there any council comment or discussion? All right. Catherine has provided you as the sales tax update. I'm going to share it with the public. Catherine. So looking at November and we are for tax collections. Higher year or six a little bit over 6.5% increase. So again, another good month. All right. Thank you. Any questions? Okay. We have a motion. The second any public comment. There's no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote to approve the financial report from October 2024. Mr. Voljano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Miss Barrett. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council. Catherine. Other business 7.1. Actually, two items kind of go related. They're both for sweet water point, which is a new development at 4400 Shimmetri Parkway. So, presenting that development is Mr. Jimmy Jolly with the development team and Margaret is the property manager manager there. As as council as you know, and maybe the public's not aware, but sugar. Sweet water point, excuse me at 4400 Shimmetri Parkway is 140.1 unit. So, we have a cottage rental development near century defense across the street from century defense. So, they are leasing now, have a couple of occupied units and going through inquiries right now. So, there's two requests. The first one 7.1, their request in a variance to construct four additional homes within the 200 foot frontage off of Shimmetri Parkway. So, we can take that one first. Just for some historical context council. The 200 foot setback, I mean, you guys know the reason for that. The clubhouse was given a variance to be within the 200 foot frontage when it was constructed. So, that if you're looking at aerials or the images of the site or if you're driving by, you'll see that the clubhouse is in that frontage. But then there's other space on the what's indicated to you that they're asking to build additional units, which would be within that frontage. So, I turn it over to that see any kind. Would you like to comment anything that I haven't added for certainly feel free Jim near Margaret? I think Mayor Ritter just got it. I just want to say thank you ladies and gentlemen of the council for having us here today. Nick, congratulations. Didn't know we were going to see us wearing in today. That's great. But I'm here to field any questions that you may have about the development. Council, do y'all have any questions about what's being asked? Let's see. How many homes are currently constructed in the property? So, the total property right now is 143 units. That's not constructed right now. That's how many it's going to be. We're asking to add four more. There are 10 that are available for lease currently. We have another 10 and 20 that should be available in the next month. And then we have frames on approximately, I think 40 or 50 houses right now. And it's 100% rental right? That's correct. Yes, I think. All right. Thank you. And any other Miss Paris. How much would be left of the 200 foot? I can't give you an exact number on that. It'll be probably probably about 50 feet. It's if you drive by the property. I think you have a picture of it in your packet. There's an existing fence line there. The last house would be about 10 or 15 feet from that fence line. Yeah, there's not going to be much more constructible room when you factor in the addition. The best one that illustrates it is the one that has the yellow highlighted area. Miss champagne. Thank you, Mayor. I think that's a good question. Since that 200 feet, we did this years ago. The 200 feet for commercial property, all along major arteries, to drive that commercial element. Have y'all reached out to anyone reach out to y'all for commercial for the frontage? Yeah, at this point we haven't had any interest from commercial tenants. Have you tried? We have it out there. We don't have it listed with anybody. We don't have it listed with anyone. It's available. I think people who are interested in the city know the ordinance, but no one's reached out. Right. And just to be clear, we did the ordinance to make sure that we kept all major arteries, which shaman, a battery, a considered shaman, a shaman, a battery and 92 in downtown is the hubs of our city that brings our city together. And doing that, it was for the purpose of keeping it for commercial development. So hopefully at some point in time that area begins to start developing also, and that y'all get some interest for commercial development. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. All right. Thank you, Miss champagne. All right. Well, is there an order to move forward that would need to be, I guess, I mean, no action would, it would fail. So, just, this would be the appropriate time to request a motion to grant the variance. Should that be your preference. All right. Well, then I guess let's move to the second one. The second one is 7.2. As, as I mentioned for, for Margaret, they're in the leasing process. So, in order to help get the word out, they're requesting a variance for several feather flags and now leasing signs that would be placed along the road. And council, I mean, you know this, but for the public's benefit, I mean, those type of signs are really restricted in the, in the young's will code of ordinances for the specifically the sign ordinance. So, this does require a council variance. Should you wish to do so. Miss champagne. Thank you, ma'am. What type of marketing have y'all been doing outside on your own to market the cottages? Yes, ma'am. So, we every week, we try daily to go business to business. So, we've hit the way going to highway 90, both ways actually. And we, I have some information with me today that I can share that a little sample what we provide everybody. So, not only do we give them some information, but we also kind of introduce what kind of living it is. So, they are high end living cottage homes. It's a new experience to the young's bill area. It's kind of like bringing the comfort of home living without the hassle of ownership. So, the cottage homes we offer, two's and three bedroom cottages, and they all kind of have their own little yards to them. Personal private parking for them, some have car ports, some have garages. And so, it should ultimately feel like you're living in a home. You just don't have a mortgage to pay for. Are you doing any other marketing that you're paying for basically? We do Google ads. We have apartments.com and we also post on social media pretty quite often. So, we do the most as well online and we also try to partner up with local businesses to kind of get the word out there. It's been helping for word of mouth for the most part. So, I think we tried to find the signs out in the front entrance. It did bring us some people in, because I guess it kind of showed that we're there, represent, and then when they were asked to be removed, it kind of slowed down the traffic. So, we tried to be a little bit more creative, but I think the flags and some signage would at least help for exposure purposes. And Mayor, I would like to just give a little brief history on our side ordinance. The ordinance was developed and it took years by Mr. A. J. Bernard, who lived right here on the corner. He did an awesome job of our sign ordinance. We have a very strict sign ordinance, which I completely agree with. We've amended it maybe once or twice, not real, but the chamber we got with the chamber and we did amend it quite a bit. I used to work for the city. And we picked up quite a few of these feather flags because they're not allowed in the ordinance. And we did it knowing that the ordinance was restrictive. But we also felt that there is a way that you can go out and market your business without having the feather flags. And by saying that, I would find it very hard to vote for a variance for the feather flags when we have businesses that have located here that have spent millions of dollars to locate here. And we've pulled their flags up. We've told them they cannot have them. Now, you are allowed to have a banner for 30 days when you open the business in the front of the business. So that is the ordinance today. But I would find it very hard to allow this when we don't allow it. We have not allowed it in years. I came in 2015 and that ordinance was in place. So it's been almost 10 years that we have not allowed the feather flags and that we have actually picked them up in the front of businesses or asked them to remove them because they're not allowed. So I would not vote for this. Thank you, Ms. Shampa and Mr. Ramirez. Good evening. I know when I don't know if you're part of the project when it was first being developed or not. Have you looked into the special permit process? I know typically what two weeks for special permits. I'm sorry to interrupt it. We did talk about, I mean, it based you would have really 30 days. You know, I mean, would you agree, Ms. Shampa? I mean, we've been starting days for a lot. We've never allowed a special permit for the flags. Correct. For the feather flags. Do allow a special permit for about 30 days. I'm going to stand correct. I've known some businesses to use a special permit for a flag for the temporary time. I mean, that might be the opportunity to relook at it and that's something we need to. But when I look at this, it is hard to digest a 12 month variance because then we're basically going to have a long line at the next meeting for every business residential type rental and all that. And something we've done really well my last 10 years is the cleanliness and great look of the city. And these type of things do tend to fray a lot and end up in drainage or laying on the ground after storm. And that's what I don't want to see out there. So I think that's one of the reasons why I know Mr. AJ had this in the ordinance as well. Yes, ma'am. My concern would be if we would grant this variance, we're setting up very big precedents that we have not allowed in the past. Is there any other council comment on this? All right. But then I guess similarly here any substitute most I mean, well, I don't want to lead you guys, but Mr. Ramirez motion to deny request of variance. All right, but then I don't think we need to see any to vote on that or if I do a second. Yeah, we can. Is there a second? Miss Boris, that's a second. Okay, any public comments since it now is a vote we can open it to any public comments. Should there be any. All right, Miss Kijer. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. 911. No. Miss Shampon. Yes. Miss Barres. And Mr. Volgiano. Yeah. It's okay. Motion approved to deny. Okay. I'm sorry. But we will still have maybe with the chamber we can do a ribbon cutting for you guys help share some of the content. I know it's beautiful. It's a beautiful project. We're happy to have it here. So happy to help with anything we can. That's within the ordinance. All right. Thank you for being here. All right. agenda item 8.1 is resolution 2024 23 a resolution authorizing the mayor for the city of Young Zodan negotiate contracts for performances at the amphitheater power by slimco for fiscal year 2024 2025 and further authorizing the necessary budget amendment. Motion. All right. Motion by councilmember Volgiano. And second by councilman Barres. It's open for council discussion. All right. It's open for public comment. All right. There's no public comment and no council comment. Miss Kijer, please call the vote. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Miss Shampon. Yes. Miss Barres. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council will move ahead and that will keep you guys posted. So thank you all 8.2 resolution 2024 24 resolution authorizing the middle of water sector program phase 2 grand application. Approving a local match and entering into agreements associated with engineering services. And the state of motion by Mr. Volgiano second by Miss Barres. Is there any council discussion. So for the public's benefit with this is you probably heard say we have been successful in getting to separate grants 5 million for water 5 million for sewer to build to expand our sewer infrastructure into to build new water infrastructure. So for the public's benefit with this is a similar grant application. The water sector committee just came back this week's the deadline for a new round. So for this we're going after a new grant which would be for the youngsville purchase system. We have two water systems. So the youngs will purchase system this will help us strengthen that system so Susan's been the lead on it working on that grant application to get it submitted this week. So if you have any comment any public comment or any council comment or discussion needed for clarification. All right. Let's see if there's none the skidger please call the vote. Miss Champagne? Yes. Miss Barres? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. An island? Yes. Motion approved. So three ordinances this evening for final adoption 9.1 is ordinance 496 2024 in ordinance of the city of youngsville authorizing the mayor of the city of youngsville Louisiana to execute a franchise agreement with unity fiber golf co LLC. So the motion by councilman champagne and a second by councilman Bolgiano is there any council discussion any public comment? No public comment. Miss Gidry please open the vote. Miss Barres? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. An island? Yes. Mr. Champagne? Yes. Motion approved. Thank you 9.2 ordinance 497 2024 in ordinance of the city of youngsville amending the 2024 2025 budget in the amount of $4,575,791 to reallocate the American rescue plan also known as art funding. Okay. And amended version in your packet councilman Bolgiano has a motion. There's second on the motion. All right. Mr. Romero seconds. All right. For just a little bit of context what we're doing here is there's continuous. There has been multiple sets of new guidance that's become available for this funding. It was kind of like you know the feds approved it and figure out how to do it. So we're just using the most recent guidance prior to the close of the year to make sure that we are appropriating the dollars that we've spent in the most current guidance under the most current guidance. Right. Catherine Nicole? Yes. Yes. All right. Any comment any public comment? All right. No comment. No discussion. Ms. Gidry please call the vote. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. An island? Yes. Mr. Champagne? Yes. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Motion approved. All right. And agenda item 9.3 is ordinance 357.3.2024 in ordinance amending ordinance 357.2.2024 performance land use regulations within the city limits of the city of young zoo Louisiana. So you're going to have to change the agenda version in your package. Yeah. So. Yeah. Is there motion to introduce? Okay. Mr. Bolgiano? Is there is there a second? And then I'll tell you a little bit high level what it is. I'll say councilman Romero. So for the public's benefit I'm sure the council has has read it. You heard earlier tonight that on major arterios 200 foot frontage on major arterios as being reserved for commercial development. So with adoption tonight should it pass is really amending the major arterios to be 400 feet when we when we when this was created the idea was as mishamp on mentioned earlier leave as many you know leave as much space for commercial development as we can as we're building out the city 200 foot was really kind of what was done for you know strip centers and things like that in mind will the 400 feet. So when we when we kind of recalibrate you know our land that's left we want to be able to to we're recommending that we protect as much of the available land for future commercial development as I've shared with you before we have our largest landowner. And now at the table with this working together to certify that property through Louisiana economic development targeting manufacturing light industrial things like that. So this type of ordinance will help further strengthen that as you know young so doesn't have traditional zoning. So I'm going to say that is 400 foot frontages for commercial development there's also on the amended version there's also I think some reclassification of a couple of different roads. But I believe in all cases it's classifying them as major arterial. What I want to share though is there may be some nuances with them to where you know they're there may be more situations that we haven't anticipated so if this passes I mean you may you know have more situations come to you because really unless we go parcel by parcel and do a zoning classification. You know our current structure doesn't we're not set up really to do that so it's basically casting a wider net across the entire street that's identified in your ordinance so that's why I just preface it with you may have to hear more. You know to ensure that you ensure that the ordinance is right so. Is there any public comment relative to the ordinance for adoption. Okay is any any public comment of any council discussion. All right, Ms. Gagery please call the vote on the adoption. Mr. Merrill. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mr. Volgiana. Yes. All right we'll go to announcements and I'd like to start with Pam and then we can go to Susan Tim. And then we'll entertain council and announcements from the from the days and the floor's yours. It's not me. Okay. Highway 89 we're about 40% complete. We have about 100 feet left of drainage for the whole east side of the highway nine on this phase but we need AT&T to move a line out of the way. So as you know they were you may have experienced that they were saw cut across highway 89 so we can put the cross drain in but we will have to move to the west side to do some of the drainage of AT&T doesn't move that line quickly. But they're making significant progress on highway 89. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So we're going to have a lot of the road to the highway nine. So the vehicle miles and adorn have high dependency places on whether the highway nine becomes a car or vehicles that will use a truck or vehicle to transport trucks onורs instead of driving off that truck onations. OK. We are working on alternatives. We are working on the raise grant for highway 92 widening as well and continuing to do our reviews. Oh, Anselam Cooley, we are waiting on the core permit so that we can finish our environmental. As soon as we finish that and submit our environmental, we can submit the final plans to be able to approach the property owner for the purchase of property. Right. Any questions or clarification about any of the projects that McBade's handling? Just maybe while Susan's coming up, I'll just add a little more context to Jim and Agriab. As you all know, there's a pretty hard curve in that road. So what we've identified, I've been negotiating the, I've successfully negotiated the right way that's required on the part where the neighborhood is right now. But what we're looking at is really just doing a pavement preservation on the guillot and datonsides coming towards the middle. And while we're then working as like a second phase would be kind of a more softening of that S curve there. But that's going to be more of a long term project even though we're securing the right way. And but the rest of that road is really just, it's not in the best condition. So that's why we're moving ahead with pavement preservation coming like this and leaving the middle section. That makes sense. All right. Thank you, Pam. Susan. Yeah. So on the wastewater plant, we're still working on arning out what the scope revisions, we're going to propose and we'll meet with the mayor and Terry and see which way they want to go. Pump station four, they were supposed to start this month. They've had some personnel issues. You know, we've gone through some metals. They're ordering the equipment. They're just a little delayed because of labor. And three, they should start in January. We're going through some metals on that. The water plant, you can see the tank is shaping up. It's pretty much complete. They're doing plumbing, electrical and finishing up the site work and they're working on the drives, the limestone drives. Sugar Mill pond, we're working on that design, making some progress there. Fortune road, it's in DOTD sands. I'm sure they're executing the contracts, but Glen Leijay will be doing that job. The water line interconnections, we met with the city, need to do some scope revisions. We're working on that. We've got to get it back to DOTD. Make sure it's OK. I mean to LDH. Make sure it's OK with them and then we'll go out to bed on that. Let's scope revisions on the line. On the water line interconnections. Yeah. And then pump station five, we are working on that. We met with Jeremy. We're figuring out how we want to address that upgrade, but it is progressing. Okay. Any questions for Susan? The main event, what we're really focused on, well, there's a lot of stuff going on. But the main one that's really that we're leaned in the most on is how do we scale the wastewater treatment plant upgrades based on our recent bid opening. And that's the task at hand. So we're comfortable that we're doing that based on the market pricing that we saw. We're scaling the project back. And that's the process that Susan and her team are in right now. And I mean, everybody who's bidding plant work right now is fighting the same issues. We have a lot of big projects bidding at the same time. So the competition was a little a little tight. We're hoping that if we go out, you know, re-advertise in January, maybe some of those would have shaken out and hopefully we'll get my competition. All right. Thank you, Susan. OK. I mean, we talked about LaRivier. You did, OK. Did the DOTD push that back to February? Did you notice that? Yeah, I guess they didn't call and leave. I mean, no, I just saw it on the letting schedule. So I can ask why. I mean, I was just curious because I know we had said it would be December, which obviously is not happening. I thought I had to guess is that bridge department wanting additional calculations. We calculated it 10 ways to Sunday. And it's their typical section. It's their bridge. I don't know how many times I have to calculate it, but we did some more calculations and like still works. Good to know. Thank you, Pam. And then also for Councilman Reagan, Mayor Bork asked me yesterday about when we thought the connector would be open. I know it's right in your backyard. Pam and I discussed it earlier. The challenge is the road itself we could have done next week, but it intersects with around about 89. So right now we're targeting April for that project to be done. Of course, if weather is good, because the concrete is really the next step, concrete goes through a different curing process. So it'll look like one section will be done and nothing's happening, but it's just the curing process for concrete. But the fortune road extension is actually asphalt. I mean, so we could we could we have the first layer of asphalt down. We just don't want to put all the asphalt down to tear it up during the construction. So I owe Mayor Bork an answer on that. Yeah, it would take like three days for them to do that. Yeah. You know, I even was considering is there a way to do it with an alternate, but really with the way young so highways being reconstructed, it just doesn't seem like it would be worth the you know, worth the squeeze to try to build a temporary road to bypass the round about since it's a brand new project anyway. So all right, Pam Susan, thank you all. Tim. And I don't know if y'all saw by the way, but Steven and Pastor Joe are here. So I don't not the child of the spot, but if there's anything about Saturday, you're going to say you can certainly yield them if you like. Yes, of course. Just so the public knows Josh, my assistant directors here with me tonight. Very important part of our team. Big reason we've been successful, you know, for quite a few years. Staying on our sports, Sugar Beach volleyball, the fall league has ended. Don't solve all finishes tonight. Our girls into our volleyball last All Star tournament will be at ARCA this Sunday. All the tennis programming continues indoors. Our pickle ball league continues. Outdoor the pickle ball courts being used pretty heavily in this spring. We'll be looking at, you know, creating some leagues for outdoor pickle ball. So in the season continues and all our free play continues. Marty Grubambo tournament coming up. The course Southeast and University from Hammond, who's the host. University of West Georgia from Carrollton, Georgia. University of Maine from Arono, Maine. Iowa State University from Ames, Iowa. Southern University and Indian College from Batrush. Jackson State University from Jackson, Mississippi. Monmouth University from West Long Beach, New Jersey. Steven F. Austin University from Nacadoche, Texas. Houston, Christian University from Houston, Texas. And Army West Point from West Point, New York will be the teams this year. And then last year was the great family event. We'll be having, you know, Christmas under the stars. So Pastor Joe will come up here and speak on it. And just personally want to thank him when the mayor wanted to see something happen to the citizens for a Christmas event. We first reached out to Pastor Joe and to, and to Bonton, Stephen O'Brien. And they just take it and run with it. So it'll be a great event coming up, you know, this Saturday. Thank you, Tim. I appreciate it. I'm looking forward to having the, the Mamba bag. So I know y'all are working aggressively on a lot of things. So I appreciate you both. Pastor, Pastor Cormier, welcome, sir. Hey, thank you so much. Thank you, Tim, for just giving us the opportunity to host this event and thank you mayor and city council. This is, it's just such a great honor to, to, to celebrate Christmas and, and to do it in such a way that we can involve the entire community. You know, we all have our family traditions. I know I have mine. I'm sure that all of you have yours. But some of my favorite traditions growing up was going to different fairs and different things in the city. And I feel like young people being such a family community. What better place than to have a family Christmas event? And the sports complex amphitheater has is just a perfect place for it. So when I got the phone call from Tim and his team to put together some ideas for this, it was my, my heart was just overflowing. So I kind of talked to our team and we put together some ideas for this event. So it's going to be, it's going to be a lot of fun. Now I'll start with probably one of my most exciting elements of this is we're going to have live camel there. So I talked to the mayor. I don't know if this is true or not. You can feel free to fact check me, but this may be the first time a camel has ever been to youngsville. So I don't know where, but it's a great place for the kids. We'll also have a petting zoo. So you know, the kids can go through, have a petting zoo. There's going to be a Christmas, a Christmas market, different vendors. I think we have some 20 or 30 different vendors that are coming to be part of that along with food trucks and of course, concessions provided by by bontan. And thank you, Steven, for just all for your support in this. It's been tremendous, you know. It's the feel of this event is if any of you've ever been to Disney World. That's kind of what we're trying to recreate, but a Christmas Disney world. There'll be live Christmas characters walking around interacting with people. You know, we'll have Mary and Joseph and and of course, have Santa and we'll have some wise men and there'll be some Roman soldiers walking around hassling people for tax money. You know, if you know the Christmas story, that was kind of part of it. But I'll let you know how that goes, mayor. I don't know. Maybe a good strategy for next year. I don't know. But it's going to be a lot of fun and I'm hoping that it can create some some great family memories for the citizens of of Young'sville. And so you can if you drive past the amphitheater tonight, you'll see all the lights lit up. You know, we're trying to turn it into a magical winter wonderland. So it's going to be great. And finally, we actually have the the living Bethlehem Christmas production. We used to do this for years out at Sugar Mill Pond. It's alive and nativity. It's great. We're bringing that back. It's going to be right there front and center on the slimco platform. It's going to be great along with a jazz band. We've got a holiday trio kind of quartet trio kind of thing. Singers. We've got a movie mashup. A pie eating. No, not a pie eating contest. Maybe we can turn it into that, but definitely a pie baking competition. I think we've got 30 different pies in there. So there's a lot of things going on. It's this Saturday, December 14th at the amphitheater powered by slimco and from 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. So I hope to see everybody there. It's going to be a great time. And thank you again for the opportunity and for the support. I mean, Josh and Tim, you guys have just been overwhelmingly supportive in all this. I mean, anything that we needed or asked, you guys have been helpful with that and the same with the mayor's office. So thank you. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. We are so proud. And you have the message to Tim and his team was to, can we do something for Christmas, something in like a movie or something? We have a little bit of that. So you've certainly taken it in wrong with it. And it reminds me of a conversation I had with Tim years ago and I said, can you just put some sand down and make like a beach volleyball? You know, it's a tough thing. He got it done, but it was a little bit different. So thank you for taking the vision and bringing it to life. So very excited about it. And the best thing about it is I have nothing to do with it. Yeah, hey there you go. You just appreciate it. Just enjoy it. I will be there. So thank you very much. Appreciate your leadership in the friendship as well. Appreciate it. One thing I would just want to emphasize that Tim brought up, he said something about tennis, but our tennis pro Bill Bryan, his family, was just a ward of the Louisiana Tennis Association family of the year. And it's just a tremendous honor. If you follow tennis, even if you don't follow tennis, Bill would be very proud and quick to tell you, you know, the accolades that their family have achieved, you know, from Bill's parents. And anyway, I wrote a write-up of it and I got lost on who's who's kid and so forth, because there's four generations of just tennis greatness going on. So unfortunately I couldn't make it to the award, but I was proud to be with them several times before, including when the dad was inducted to Hall's Fame in last years as well when we got the LTA facility of the year. And one of two facilities in the state, there's only 50 nationwide that are recognized as a USDA premiere facility. So just special shout out and recognition to the Bryan family. Any announcements from the day? Chief, yes sir. Thank you Mayor. I just want to say thank you to Young'sville to the mayor and his team. It's been quite a year in this position. I think we've done a lot. The police department has progressed a lot. I think from my perspective and the citizens that have reached out, we've done a fantastic job to make Young'sville savers a whole. And I'm proud and not only my accomplishments but my teams because I could have done it without my entire department. It's very humbling to be able to serve specifically in a city where you reside, where you raise your family. And again, it's been an amazing year and looking forward to the future. But thank you everybody. Thank the citizens. Thank our members of our team with the city for all the support that I've received this past year. Well, Chief, on behalf of our team, you've been nothing short of professional with your interactions with our team and the interface. And you've done a great job for us. And I'm proud of the work you've done. You should you deserve to keep your head up high because you were brought in for an assignment and from my perspective, I think that you've fulfilled that assignment. And we certainly wish you nothing but continued success and happiness and hope you continue to stay as a resident in our community because I know that we have so much going on. I know that you can contribute to it. So you're still going to be part of the community. So thank you very, very much sincerely for everything that you've done. And also, even this week, the Aiden with transition, we had a Marty Grop prep meeting. And I do appreciate you being there and in helping make sure that we have our best foot forward. So thank you. Mr. Nylon. Councilman Nylon. Yeah. I just wanted to thank Young'sville citizens for believing in me. And I'd like to be your next city councilman. It really means a lot to me. And then to just thank all of my family and friends and new friends that I made along the way. I think that was the coolest thing about our community is the amount of people that just stepped up to be there. And that's just why I wanted to serve this community is because it's so great and the people that were within it. So I just wanted to thank you all. And I look forward to serving you. Thank you, Councilmember. Ms. Champagne. Thank you, Mayor. First off, I want to thank Chief Louvierre for the last year. We really appreciate what you have done in our city. And you came through for us in a lot of big ways. And I just want you to know that we appreciate you very much. And thank you for continuing to be that big supporter of our city because I know you are. So thank you and good luck. I'd like to every month I try to just announce something for the schools because it's really nice to be able to go into our schools. We have wonderful schools here. And just this week, Young'sville Middle School named Ms. Carly Seymour. I wonder if she's any relation to Mr. Seymour as in the audience. Carly Seymour is our Latvia parish middle school student of the year. So I would like to acknowledge Carly Seymour in that realm. And Merry Christmas to you. Thank you, Ms. Champagne, Councilmember. Yeah, I'm going to touch on that. I know Carly Seymour and she's a friend of my daughters. They were actually competing against each other for parish student of the year. So it's good to know that with ARCA, we actually have three middle school, student of the year is going to essentially going to Southside, Mexico, so with ARCA kid. Chief Olivia, thank you for coming in. Can't imagine the emotions and everything that you guys all went through with the campaign. But definitely appreciate you coming in, handling things how you did. And probably one of the most tumultuous times that our city's seen next to the floor. So appreciate it. I wanted to congratulate, I don't know if you're going to have almost still this thunder, leadership class five. I'm saying I think they're probably the best class and I apologize and I apologize. I think they set the bar really high with the arts and market. Obviously the first class, who knew where this was going. But I would hate to be in class six because Kudos to that. There's a lot of fellow veterans that were in that class and they really did a great job. Jamie, great job with the Santa. Stuff this week, the sleigh ride. And Jamie's given credit to the fire department and police departments. And I apologize. You went on microphone. And again, Nick, welcome. Congratulations. I think it's telling you wipe that. But I know your family's always put through the ringer with these things. Good bad in the ugly. Kudos to them for being here tonight with you too is and congrats. All right, thank you, sir. Mr. Volchana. Yeah. Congratulations to Nick. I started server the next two years. I know it was a hard fall campaign. I know campaigning is not an easy thing to accomplish as I looked at officials. So Kudos to you. Jamie wanted to thank you for serving your time with us. We definitely enjoyed having you here and we have to see you in the future with wherever that leads you and city government. Thank you for stepping up to the plate during a chaotic time for us as a community and as a city. You stepped up and fulfilled the needs that we needed. And we hope that your leadership doesn't dissipate in this community and whatever fashion you feel that in. So thank you for all that you've done. All right, thank you, sir. And finally, Ms. Barnes. Just the same. I want to say thank you to Chief Luvier. Congratulations to Nick. Thank you to Jamie. I want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. And we'll see you all next year. Any other business before the council or any announcements from the audience? Mayor. Yes, sir. As far as myself and Miss Riechor, a Vermillion Catholic High School graduates. And today we are the Division of four state champions and we'd be remiss not to make that representation. So thank you for the time. I'm going to thank you. On the feet. That's correct. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. I don't if there's no other business before the council will entertain a motion to adjourn. All right. This is motion by Mr. Barrett. Miss bars. Excuse me second. And by Mr. Bullgiano. Let's see all in favor. Please say aye. All right. Meeting adjourned. Hope you have a Merry Christmas. Thank you very much. Hiya.