 I was with somebody the other day and they said, well, tail in. All right, good evening everyone. Thursday, June 27, 6 p.m. The meeting is called to order. Tonight is a special meeting of the Youngsoal City Council. I'd like to ask for the invocation and pledge of allegiance to be led by Councilmember Jano, please. About your hits. Dear Heavenly Father, as leaders of our growing community, our growing city, we are gathered here tonight asking for your guidance and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding, and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at the mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. Guide us in following your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus, amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God and individual with liberty and justice for all. Thank you, Lindy. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barra, here. Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, here. Ms. Cree, here. Ms. Champagne, here. Okay, Councilor Jenin, item 3.1 is bid review for the Youngsoal Water Treatment Plant. Council, as you know, we open bids on May 8th. I'd like to ask for Susan to come up if she would. Open bids on May 8th. We were excited. We had four bidders that evening. And I'm going to turn it over to Susan for her recommendation. Yes, we had four bidders. The bids were fairly close, which indicates that they were good bids. They ranged from 9.9 million to 9.66 million. There were three deductive alternates to change the pavement from concrete to limestone. The second one was to change the roof from a standing seam roof to a standard roof with some architectural deductions. The third was to deduct one of the filters and just to leave that constructed so that that filter can be added in the future to save some cost. If you take the the bids and subtract the three deductive alternates, the resulting low bid is from NCMC LLC for 8,617,000. So once we got that, we discussed it with the mayor and went to the Water Sector Commission to see if they would give us some more money. It was hard fought, but they did give us an extra little 12% 600,000. So that helped. So we recommend accepting the three deductive alternates and awarding to NCMC LLC. Are there any questions from the council? So this will be funded from 5.6 million in water sector dollars. The remaining, I believe it's roughly 2.5 million is going to come from our revolving waterfront where we had the 0.95% interest. So is there any questions from the council? Susan did they have an estimated construction time on this? We gave them, I think it was a year. I don't recall exactly, but that's what we set out in respects. I guess upon awarding, would they are they ready to go on as far as immediate or were you going to have to get into a queue on the current? Mr. Amera. Susan, can you tell us about NCMC? I've heard of the other three bidders, but I've never heard of them. NCMC is out of Baton Rouge. They do a lot of plant work, water and wastewater plant work. We've done a few jobs with them. They haven't had any problems with them. They've been responsive, so do good work. So that's what I can say. One thing I did want to mention, I said we have 5.6 million in water sector dollars, which is correct. That is a grant. It was a competitive grant. We do not have to pay that money back. But we did also get 600,000. That was the HP 782 that Burton alluded to. That is money that we can use for roads or for water. So that's there as well. Mr. Amera. Motion to accept bid by NCMC. Mr. Shumpan. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. Thank you, Susan. Thank you. All right. Ordinance is for final adoption. Prior to this meeting at 5 o'clock, we held a public hearing to gain public comment relative to the amended ordinance for the budget for the fiscal year that ended in the June 30. So budget item 4.1's budget amendment ordinance 490 2024 in ordinance amending the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of young zoo Louisiana for the fiscal year 2324. So before you make a motion, I just want to point out in an effort to give you the most updated fund balances that was possible on your on your desk this evening, which is the same copy that Burton was reviewing was the copy that reflected the most accurate fund balances to show for the end in the beginning of the new fiscal year. So it's not an independent if you're making any changes to the to the next to the next to the budget items. I would ask or the next to agenda items, I would ask that you make the motion to approve as amended. So I have a, okay, Mr. Boljana. I'll make a motion to approve as amended. All right. Thank you, sir. I'll ask that you move to the next slide. So I'm going to move to the next slide. I'll move to the next slide. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All in favor. Motion approved. So it's 4.91, 2024, an ordinance adopting the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Young's, Oluisy, and for the fiscal year 2425. Mr. Boljana. Motion to approve. As amended. As amended, I'm sorry. Thank you. Miss Barra's. Second. Okay. I have a question. In a second. See. Mr. Marrow. You have a comments, sir. Yeah. I had a discussion. I had an opportunity to meet with Catherine and yourself Monday, and then I spoke with the chief on the 81 tax budget. Being that we're being ultra conservative. I'm definitely in favor of a person that three units, but he did here and T that we be providing three units for surplus. possible we can phase these vehicles maybe I would suggest maybe every 90 days One vehicle every 90 days because and then you know obviously if Tax revenue increased by any of the year thanks could change but I think that would be very prudent on the department to slowly roll those out if is that possible Okay Is that okay to and can we add that amendment or It's open for discussion. So I do have a question chief the Units is it more beneficial to get them all at once versus space in a mile just because of availability and Then then begin to the queue wants to get graphics like spit it because they're gonna we don't know what you know Other agencies are gonna how they flow in is gonna take more time later on if 90 days from now we get a unit It may take six months versus two months, you know It's almost impossible to tell with the way we're flowing it out right now We were lucky the last week purchase we would get them immediately The benefit that we have to be at full disclosure is that we use black vehicles which have tendency to be a little e-gidified Okay, so we should be able to get them what about the the current status of the vehicles of these replacing the vehicles now that are And disrepair these were actually correct and these were actually secondhand vehicles whenever we purchase them Okay, so just keeping the rotation rolling vehicles to make sure that we're not purchasing a whole bunch of vehicles That wants in and they're all going out of service at the same time in a few years So she's keep our fleet rolling consistently Okay, do you I mean I mean and your personal opinion do you think you'll give it a last 90 days of time to make it last that long? I think you get them all at once. I mean, I think we should be fine For the new Within this budget you have a new position for an SRO that assumes gonna be starting at August August That's correct for our Requesting the new school resource that gonna work with that position as far as Having a vehicle. Oh having a vehicle. We will add it within this and that'll be we have the extra vehicle now to put them in And then we'll just rotate the other without to flee okay to our pool units We should be good with that one Thank you So Councilman Romero had a had a I don't know if you were offering that as an amendment and a amendment to the motion I guess Okay, so we have a motion second I mean that's the right way to do and then we'll vote on it properly like that okay So let me ask this question are we voting on simply the amendment now or do you have other adjustments that you like to make within the budget? Because if so we can do it the amendment by amendment or you can do it the budget as a amendment dependent upon if you have other questions Relative to the budget Okay, I'm gonna I'm most of them. We're financially sound as to we can we just bottle three at once does it have to wait every Think in this situation by time we would get them in and then have the graphics done it carry over So I think it would be fine if if necessary if they're available I don't know they just get it they're available. I'll just hit them all through at the same time I don't see the point weighed 90 days every 90 days just for the sake of doing that If they're available to them if they're available and we have and we have the funds to do that I'd rather just get them all at once than put a vine because we can't predict the future and if we if we were available to do that now I just think that you might this is yeah, this is probably the most conservative budget I've dealt with in 10 years being on council I'm actually a little worried Where revenues gonna go for the rest of the year? I know in my industry, which is the car industry. It's going up. We had a discussion earlier today me in the mayor I I agree black and white vehicles easy to find white's probably a little bit harder than black white You know, it depends on the type of white unit you're getting but yeah being you know commercial fleet type vehicles or not Yeah, and a shortage right now. I guess I should say I think you know with the chief actually saying he would be okay with that it's just prudent upon us as a council to be very conservative right now again, it's just my motion solely to add to it That's how I feel I'd like to have that amendment added Is there any other council discussion so we have a motion We have a motion and a second and that's to approve the budget as amended with the Making the cars Three purchases space that at least 90 days for each Yeah, and Anna sir. Yeah, Anna surplus. Okay, so let's vote on the motion as amended please are the vote on the budget as amended Councilman Romero and the shampoans motions All in favor with the exception of mr. Bolgiano motion approved All right Well, council I want to thank you for For the time that you've spent to share your input with this I certainly want to thank Catherine echo would Mr. Colder shared it's been a pleasure working with her throughout this process she's put a significant amount of effort into it and just excited about the continued direction That your leadership takes us in the finance department I want to thank the holders of course and just quickly I guess a message to our employees This this budget that was adopted tonight does contain a 3% increase for all of our staff But I want you to know I know 3% doesn't necessarily keep up with the cost of inflation the cost of doing business and things like that your leadership Terry and Catherine in particular Kristen have been working on Pay scale looking at comparable wages and other agencies and so forth They made a lot of great progress on that and hasn't they haven't finished it to present it to me, but Dependent upon how revenues go, you know this year we budgeted flat So dependent on how revenues go I'm looking for it to receiving those recommendations from From our staff and you know, hopefully I think the goal is to put a merit based increase in to where your directors would have some leeway you'd cost a living and it would also be a merit component in there as well so Appreciate their effort and working together on that to bring us something But I just want to say thank you to all of you for everything that you do Every day because this type of budget would not be possible without y'all's leadership out in the field so I do appreciate that and To the point about it being a conservative budget. I think we have a new It's conservatively forecasted on revenue. I will agree with that. I think it's response responsibly forecasting expenses to still be able to generate a nearly four million dollar operational surplus I Think is something that we should all be proud about so thank you and More to come so any other business before the council All right, is there a motion to adjourn? All right, all in favor Great you have a great night meeting adjourn. Thank you so much