 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you I lost for there 343 firefighter. I was at a lack of fire station and Surrounded by brand new firefighters looking at me like is this going to happen here? So just take a moment with that and when they will pray Heavenly Father, we come to you today God to remember this day Father the Things that happen this day Father. Let us never forget that God. We let the families that are still mourning loved ones Lost this day 24 years ago, God Now Father with the things going on in our nation Father. We don't even know where to start to pray We lift it all up to you Father for the Kirk family Of for the school shooting in Colorado Father for the The other things going on in our nation Father. You know what's going on Father. We trust your will be done in each one God, I thank you for the freedom that the mayor and the councils given us As local churches to come together at city council meetings and pray Father Such an unusual thing in today's world and we thank you and we thank them for that God Lift this time up to you Father. I'm just glad to see the Mr. Earl's family here God and I just pray for them as they still more in the loss of a loved one Father Just a awesome person that's been many many years in this community God We love you and we lift this meeting up to you. We pray this in Jesus name amen I'll usually use this to the flag of the United States of America And to the Republic for which it stands One nation under God in the school with liberty and justice for all Pastor thank you Miss Gidry please call the roll miss Barres and Zapsin tonight Here Mr. Romero here Mr. Arlen miss Shelfon here Council before we move into the business. I just have a couple of Brief announcements first. I want to acknowledge us on the Sandra keel here. Where's she sitting oh in the back she's standing um I'm asking you to keep the keels in your prayers miss Sandra's father had a medical incident This week he's he's doing okay. He's recovering At a local hospital But I want to take the opportunity to acknowledge the young zoe fire department. They were the first ones that responded on the scene and We're able to Revive Mr. Keel Chess compressions and the whole nine yards so Nothing but prayers to you and your family family Sandra Surprise you're here with this this evening, but I know you don't like missing a meeting and In just a special thanks to the young zoe fire department The the shift that was on we're able to get there really quickly. I think chief told me he thought it was about two or three minutes And if you live in young zoe you know that typically in most cases not always Yeah, it is the young zoe fire department that responds first in a medical emergency although a cadian was was shortly there behind so Keeping in our prayers Miss Keel Also counsel this evening. I'm requesting that you consider tabling Two of the ordinances that are up for final adoption this evening. That's a ginottens 5.1 And the ordinance. I'm sorry a gin item 5.2. So those ordinances 498 2025 and ordinance 503 2025 and then Finally Since we have a lot of guests here with this. I was gonna ask if the If there's no objection from the council I'd like to maybe skip ahead to agenda item 8.1 under resolutions if there's no objection I Okay to do that now Nicole or you want to wait to the item Okay All right Just because I know she's got her scripts. So it could be done, but we don't want to we don't She don't don't want to put her out of order All right resolutions a gin item 8.1 resolution 20 25 21 A resolution recognizing the distinguished service of the late Earl Minard and naming the Young'sville Police Department Patrol Center as the chief Earl Minard patrol center Tonight as everybody knows and as most of our audience is here for we're honoring a leader that shaped the culture of the Young'sville Police Department chief Earl Minard His steady hand his calm judgment and his deep love for the community helped build a department known for professionalism for compassion And also for service For mentoring young officers to showing up for families in their hardest moments Chief Minard led the way with integrity and humility the standard he said To treat people with respect do the right thing even when no one's watching and always put public safety first Still guides the Young'sville Police Department today It's fitting that the building where our officers often begin and in their shifts We'll carry his name by dedicating the facility as the Earl Minard patrol center We are reminding every officer who walks through those doors of the example He set and of the trust this community placed in him To chief Minard to his family and to the men and women of the Young'sville Police Department. Thank you Certainly grateful for your service And I'm proud to have this before the council for their consideration tonight So I'll read a resolution that was prepared by Nicole and then I'll give Give the council an opportunity to to comment if they'd like So resolution recognizing the distinguished service of the late Earl Minard and naming the Young'sville Police Department patrol center As the chief Earl Minard patrol center Whereas the late Earl Minard faithfully serve the citizens of the city of Young'sville as chief of police From January 1st 1987 through December 31st 2014 And whereas during his years of service chief Earl Minard demonstrated unwavering dedication integrity and commitment to the betterment of the community And whereas in recognition of his exemplary public service and enduring legacy The city council of the city of Young'sville deems at fitting to honor chief Earl Minard by naming the Young'sville Police Department patrol center As the chief Earl Minard patrol center Whereas the patrol center is located at 304th Street and currently serves as the hub of patrol Now therefore be it resolved that the city council of the city of Young'sville parish of Lafayette, Louisiana Does hereby recognize the distinguished service of the late Earl Minard and naming the Young'sville Police Department patrol center as the chief Earl Minard patrol center Be it further resolved that a suitable marker or plaque Shall be placed at said building designating its name accordingly Be it further resolved the copy of this resolution shall be forwarded To the clerk and recorder of the parish of Lafayette for a recordation and the conveyance records of set office And be it further resolved that all resolutions or parts thereof in conflict herewith are hereby repealed So we will entertain a emotion to move forward councilman Romero makes a motion and mr. Nile and seconds Council member Romero Whether any comments, I guess I should say from the council. I know that was a mouthful So and let me just say these remarks. I can tell you are shared the cinnamon is shared by everyone up here Let me give credit where credits do it was councilman Romero that brought the idea to my attention. He shared it with me. He shared it with his colleagues and of course He, you know, haven't had the opportunity to to work With chief Minard as a as a young council member. I thought it was extremely fitting. So Oh who um It's fitting that each one of you are here and I've also loved one recently too and this one never take the pain away but what it does is it provides a place for you to mourn visit and tell all the great stories that we probably only know a fraction of This man gave more than anybody that I can think of in this community Not just as a public servant, but as a person with B.O.A. With all of his fundraising and everything he did over the years Um, my wife and me remind she reminded me in 2014 when I decided to run first of all how crazy I was but then The first time we walked streets and we showed up to more vans for lunch And all of a sudden all the men hard showed up And Lord do they show up? Um, I told Kaelin doll on my fondest memory is miss chief Earl Come on a retard table sitting now with me and Jennifer and just giving us advice So then the next Saturday was going to more vans again and the next Saturday next Saturday Um, it was a tough election. He was a tough man. I think Anybody could have Thought let's do something for him and I this is a group effort in a collaborative the mayor of the council The chief it's truly fitting to do something for someone who I feel his own a pedestal. I thought the world in this man Um every time I saw him that matter what was going on shook my hand and gave me low advice but uh For us to dedicate a place where not only y'all can visit But future officers and citizens can go and learn more about him and what he was about I think it's fitting so I look forward to that day When we get to go over there and dedicate it And um again, I appreciate y'all allowing us to do this as well Mr. Bulljohn. Yeah um You know while while this meeting and I felt this moment could be a moment of um a moment of sadness. I just I feel as it's a pride um You know growing up in this community. I'll you I'll live in one of the first divisions here and uh When I would ride by bike to young somiddle Uh, we can back it a further to green tea Uh, it was always Earl and mr. Lifey the time would be the crossing guard and um He would always sit at the corner with us at the at the at the the full way stop before school after school And uh, when we were right from beacon village, he would always put sure our behind us and our bikes and make sure we made it home safely Uh, whether we stopped at momos for a snack or uh or a snow comb. He was always there um Growing up, you know, I had Earl and uh and mayor Lucas the nias were you know the two biggest role models We had this community and I felt they both set the standard um as far as not just being a city leader Or an advocate for the community, but just a good person in general Selfless as selfless as they get um and I couldn't be prouder to to have grown up in a generation where we had them a part of my life And then to be here today to dedicate this building to him um, you know the standards been set for the young somiddle police department And I think generations to come as officers come and go. I felt like there's a a standard that we had that he is set and I hope that we can obtain that level Um, I don't think anybody's gonna match Earl's selflessness, but um, the menorah families attendance tonight just shows Fractions of the volumes how much he meant to everybody that only did the family but the community as well. So um I'm sad to not have him here today, but I can't help but feel how excited this moment is to to be dedicating a building to him in his name So thank you all for coming in and uh There's anything obviously we can do. We're always here for y'all Thank you all right, so there was a motion and a second from the city council. Is there any anyone else wishing to Uh wishing to miss someone would you like to yes ma'am? Yes. Thank you mayor Uh This is really a hard night for everyone However, it it is a joyful night for our city and for the family Because to see how well received mr. Earl always was I was not a lifelong resident of youngsville But mr. Earl always made me feel like I was at lifelong resident of youngsville and part of the family So I can't thank you all enough and thank you for the love that I have for your dad As well as the entire family. I did I was able to work with with y'all and uh I remember campaigning when the family really came together and and helped me walk the streets and Mr. Earl was just always there and so we all so I'm I'm very proud to say that I knew mr. Earl for a short period of time The last ten years and his family and that there's all will always be a place in my heart For all of you as well as mr. Earl, but thank you. Thank you all for his service and for y'all service And I really look forward to the dedication of the patro santa Thank you. Thank you miss champagne. Is it any any public comment anyone wishing to address the Out of city council this evening Yes ma'am come on come forward All right Not used to this okay To the steamed members of the city of youngsville mayor city council chief brusse art chief Rebette and the youngsville police department On behalf of my entire family we want to express our deepest gratitude and profound appreciation for the immense honor of dedication of the patrol center in our father's name This jester is truly a humbling and moving tribute to his life and service Our father dedicated his life to serving and protecting the community and body in the highest idea of courage integrity and compassion He believed deeply in the mission of law enforcement and always strive to make a positive difference in the lives of others He often spoke of the thin blue line Not just as a job, but as a calling a cinnamon echoed by many who serve This dedication not only honors our father, but also serves as a powerful reminder of the unwavering commitment and sacrifice Made by all the brave men and women of the youngsville police department We know that under the uniform is someone's loved one performing a tireless job and we deeply appreciate the dedication The naming of the patrol center and his honor ensures that his legacy of service His unwavering spirit and his profound impact on our family and community will be remembered and celebrated for generations to come We are incredibly proud of his service and the department's continued dedication to upholding the values he's cherished Our family will forever hold the youngsville police department in the highest records and offer our unwavering support Thank you for this incredible honor and thank you for keeping his spirit alive. Thank you all Any other comments from the public Yes, sir Would you hit your button for me? Okay, all right, sir, I'd like to thank the manure family For letting chief manure stay around and work with us. It was the honor to work with them The camaraderie the joking around He was funny when he had come in the office He'd say hey chief. I was like how's he going chief. I said you're the real chief Joking around taking his advice. He'd always be willing to give me advice. There's no playbook by this job But with his support and help it made it a lot easier to transition And I'll forever honor and cherish his memories. He was a great man. Thank you all Thank you chief Roussard Any other comments? I'll achieve Anyone else? All right with emotion and a second and public comment complete the skidry please call the vote Mr. Volgiano. Yes, just the Romero. Yes, Mr. Nylon. Yes, yes, yes Yes, motion approved We've seen our favorite president do this often so I don't know how to even recommend doing this it might be better if we do the It might be better than we're here. I don't know. Yeah Yeah, I mean I don't know May as well oh Well Maybe um I guess stay in and gather. I don't know. I don't know what's the best way to do this. No, honey. You all want to do me? I mean, you're only in charge of this meeting. I'm not. That's what I was going to say. I wanted to get on it, but I think I'm not going to. I'm going to hold it. I'm going to hold it. Yes, ma'am. Oh, we don't want to. If she says anything about me, I'm spinning the chair. Okay. No, I think we're good. The camera's not working on this. Hey, let's go. Don't move. Justin, can you do a steel shot? Yes, please. One, two, three. Got it? I got it too. Got it. Thank you. You're welcome. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We're just going to hear what's going on. We love all of y'all, but no offense if you want to leave. We're going to have a round of seven boxes. We're going to play in a minute. We're going to play in a minute. We're going to play in a minute. We're going to play in a minute. All right. All right. All right. All right. A gin item 3.1 approval of the meeting minutes August 14, 2025. Is a motion by councilmember Romero and a second by councilmember Nylon. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? No public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Ms. Shalpine? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? A gin item 3.2 approval of the August 22, 2025 special meeting minutes. All right. Motion by Mr. Nylon? Second by Ms. Shalpine? Any council comment? Any public comment? All right. Here, you know public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Mr. Shalpine? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. A gin item 4.1 approval of the July 2025 Finance Report. motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Okay, no public comment, Ms. Kidrew, please call the roll. Shelf on? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Motion to vote. Yeah. Agenda item 5.1, ordinance 498, 2025, in ordinance of the city of Yungso, Louisiana. Amending the code of ordinance is chapter 155, traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments. Mr. Volgiano. Motion to table. All right. Thank you, sir. Ms. Champagne. All right. Second by Ms. Champagne. Motion tables. We don't need to do comment. All right. Ms. Kidrew, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Motion to vote. Agenda item 5.2, ordinance number 503, 2025. An aggregate amendment in revision to the city of Yungso, state of Louisiana, and Yungso sales tax district number 1s, sales and use tax ordinances totaling 3.5% Council Member Nylon. Motion to table. All right. Thank you. Motion by Councilmember Nylon. A second by Councilmember Bullgiano. Ms. Kidrew, please call the vote. Mr. Bullgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Motion to prove. Agenda item 5.3 is ordinance 507 2025 in ordinance to the city of Yungsoville. Established, you can recognize in a fire prevention bureau within the Yungso volunteer fire department. Motion by Councilmember Romero. And a second by Councilmember Bullgiano. Can you accept that as amended, I did add a little snippet in there. I had forgotten the shillings in red. Motion to table. Test to ordinance number 5.7.225. Commended. All right. Thank you. Second as amended. All right. Any council comment? So, Chief Reves here and also Captain Austin, if anyone wants to, Austin shot well. If anyone likes it, Captain, would you like to comment? Okay. I think we may have explained it somewhat, but yeah, if you want to hit maybe the highlights of what you're proposing that be appreciated. Yeah. So what this will do is it'll establish a fire prevention bureau for us and we'll be acting under the state fire marshal doing inspections for businesses and stuff in lieu of the fire marshal. The reason behind this is to increase our rating. We did a bunch of math behind it and just the most cost efficient way to increase our rating among other things that we're doing. So this is one that we definitely had to go through y'all to establish. Mr. Mara. So I'm assuming from a business perspective, this will expedite the process being a little quicker here in town. Yeah. So the, I don't think the fire marshal actually makes it out to all the businesses. Okay. And with the fire marshal, they come out and there's problems. They have the ability to find. Okay. So we'll act as a buffer between that so we can come out. As far as like the construction approval and stuff that still goes to the state farm marshal, there's no benefit in us doing that at that time. So we'll just be doing yearly inspections. All right. Any questions from the council? Any public comment? We hope that will look lower the rattle thing. Anything? We're at three right now. I don't think anything in life is an absolute. But according to the math, it should increase our rating. And if I was a betting man, I'd be good, but I definitely will not hurt. You can only go up from there. There's nothing that we can do that can hurt it by doing this. It would only increase it. I strongly believe by doing this and a few other things that we'll be able to obtain a class to. And there's also benefit from our perspective of doing this because you're doing fire, pre-planning. You're doing more community outreach. You're going out visiting with the business owners, understanding the layout of the businesses. You are, and it's another, in my opinion, perception of service that the city's providing. So I think it has benefit on that regard as well as the potential to improve the rating as well. Absolutely. Any other public comment? All right. I was just going to add that I was out of meeting at the Louisiana Municipal Association conference recently. And the discussion of fire rating came up. And it is also a benefit for our businesses. They, you know, the better the fire rating, typically the better the insurance policies. There's usually a little bit of a discount on the premium. So our fire rating does affect our businesses insurance premiums. So this would also help in that regard. Absolutely. All right. Thank you, Haley. All right. There's no other public comment in the skidry. Please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. The shop line motion approved. All right. Thank you. We'll move to a gen item 6.1. It's a request for preliminary plat approval of Sure and Mopon Phase 29. It's section 7-T 11S R5E. Garrett. Garrett, you taking this one? Yes, sir. All right. Well, Garrett's coming up also to acknowledge Mr. Jordan Dagle, the developer, and Mr. Tretron. This is design professional in the front row. Garrett, floor is yours, sir. Okay. Thank you. Anything council? I present to you a preliminary plat for Sure and Mopon Phase 29. Tell it put perspective where it is. Yeah. I bear your street. Then Phase 20, then the new Phase 29, then the ARCA complex, then Subwara. So last month, Latvia has every-of-a-y development view committee that a review of the preliminary plat. And after our review, I recommend we accept with some conditions. I won't go over all of them, but one thing, we want to highlight. If the preliminary plat is approved, there are some slight boundaries that change some of the existing boundaries. So we do recommend acts of correction for Sure and Mopon Phase 10B and Phase 20 in the near future before a final plat of this division is recorded. And with that, I'll read back to the council. All right. Just my overall comments with it that this is-I'm sorry, Ms. Shumpin, I didn't see. Okay. All right. I have a motion by Councilman Shumpin and a second by Mr. Romero. I think this is going to be a great addition to this phase. It's less dense, which means it can be larger, larger lots. And I think it will be well received. So any public comment? Mr. Dagle, Mr. Trauma, anything for me? Is there any questions? I don't think we have any. All right. Any other public comment? All right. Garrett, thank you so much. Ms. Skidry, we had a motion and a second to approve the preliminary plat as presented. Please call the roll. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. No, she agreed. Thank you. Thank you. All right. The gin item 7.1. Mr. Walter Comos here to request a variance to allow a reduction in the required 20 foot front setbacks to 15 feet for lots of 1 through 6 and 77 through 82 of Southern trails, subdivision. These are the lots, Council, that are that border are that back up to Griffin Road. The developer I spoke with, Mr. Rusty Broussard. It's one of our developers that's done other projects in our community. They're attempting to gain a little bit more buildable area on these lots. I've reviewed it, find it to be reasonable. The rear of the property that backs up to Griffin Road, there's a utility easement that's been added there. We don't have any utilities in it to my knowledge or we don't have any now but telecommunications or others may go in and I think just from a planning perspective, it's good to have it there. I'll drive down that road today. There's a sidewalk already in place and the exterior fence there. So, Mr. Romero. Yeah, motion to approve. All right. Thank you, sir. Motion by Mr. Romero, second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any Council comment? Walt anything worth adding there? Is that pretty much the? All right. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the role on approving the variance. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Michelle Pine. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. I think that's going to be a great neighborhood that developer tells me here it is a lot of commitments. And Pam and I drove through it. Today we were coming back from something and we actually take a little detour. So we're excited about seeing it coming to completion. This is a project that's been in the works for quite a few years. Not as long. We brought it preliminary plighting when you're still in the old building. Yeah. Yeah. So. We're excited to wrap it up. Looking forward to finishing up by midday. They have a punch list and I've heard great things from the punch list so far. So we will get it. I know you'll get it wrapped up and we'll get it completed soon as possible. Awesome. I appreciate it. All right. Thank you. Jen, item 7.2. Councilwoman Simone Jean Pine has requested to provide an update on proposing of divisions for the City of Young'sville into municipal districts. Miss Champagne. Thank you, Mayor. Yes, Mayor. Sorry, that was nice. Did I turn it off? No, that was my fault, sorry. I brought to us the aspect of the possibility of looking at districts. What we did find and we reported that last month is that this cannot be done within before the next election. So this would be beyond the next election because we would have to have an ordinance in place and that ordinance we all know takes and takes two meetings to be able to pass. So we would not have time to get it in before even if we chose to do that before the next election. So they did have some questions. I think Mr. Romero had asked about cost. I did speak to a demographer at this point today, which won't be the case in the future probably. It would be about a $13,000 cost. That demographer would actually do the ordinance. He would draw the lines, municipal lines in the districts and also send it to the Secretary of State as well as our clerk of court needs it and the registrar of voters. Some of the things that would have to be, well, we would also have to have public hearings which I know we would all want to have public hearings. So that's one of the stipulations of doing this. The steps would be the demographer would assess the population data. His legal requirements would be equal population in all districts. We'd have to look at the Voting Rights Act. Must not discriminate on basic basis of race. Continuity. All parts of the district must be physically connected. The governing authority is the responsible party for the creating of the district plan. We'd have to hold public hearings as I stated. We'd have to adopt the plan by ordinance. Submit the plan to the Secretary of State, parish clerk of court, registrar of voters. The legal considerations would be federal law requires districts to be as equal in population as possible. A plus or minus 5% deviation is a maximum allowed. Whole precincts. Districts should use whole election precincts as established by the parish governing authority. The traditional principles with the respect boundaries of existing political subdivisions and the timing with the governing authority must complete reapportionment by the end of the year following the release of the desa, the silaise census data. Which means every time we have a census within one year of that census data, we have to look at the boundaries of those lines again to see if they move. I will continue the research and report that to this council. If we schedule any hearings, public hearings, I will also let everyone know. I don't see that for see that happening until maybe after the first of the year. Like I said, every year after the census, we would have to re-look at those boundary lines. I'm also going to look, I know some of the questions were, do we stay at five? I do we go maybe to seven, six and one at large. So the research will also look at that to answer those questions for you all. All right. Thank you, Council Member Champagne. Good information. Good information for us to take into consideration as we move forward. All right. Resolution 8.2 is resolution 2025. 22, a resolution of the city of Youngsville. Authorize and indirect in the mayor to execute an intergovernmental agreement between the city of Youngsville and the Lafayette city parish, consolidated government for surface improvements to South La Riviera road. Louisiana 92 to Shaman Metery. I see. There's a motion by Council Member Romero. Second by Councilman Champagne. Any council comment or discussion? Council, as we've reported, Councilman Stansbury was here recently. They were able to amend their fiscal budget for this year to add $400,000 to put towards the South La Riviera road improvements. We've previously shared with the public that approximately 50% of the portion of this road that's being redone today is in the unincorporated area. Youngsville is the lead applicant on it, since it certainly, you know, it's surrounded largely by incorporated areas. So grateful for Mr. Stansbury and mayor president Boulay's commitment to see the $400,000 through. It enables us to basically push the paperwork to get the framework set up, similar to what we've done previously with Bonan and Deacon roads. Is there any public comment? All right. And one acknowledge Mr. Vincent Pierre is here representing the mayor president here this evening. All right. If there's no public comment and the skidry, please call the vote. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Mr. Champagne. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. 9.1 is ordinance 397.1 2025. Inordinates of Mending Chapter 107 commercial development requirements section 1075 architecture to revise the acceptable building materials for exterior walls. Mr. Bulls, John O. Motion. Motion. Motion. Mr. Nyland seconds. All right. Any council discussion? I didn't, I don't think I told everybody. This is a sample. I'll leave it here for anybody in the public that wants to see. This is just one of the, there's I think three products that we're adding that we're proposing adding. This is one of them within the packet is pictures of the other two materials. These all are metal. This is a metal product. From a distance, you can see it emulates stucco or maybe like an effus material. So, but it still has all the same structural value and integrity of metal. I think the council was certainly well intended with the, with the design criteria that we've put in place. I think it served as well. I think it's had some maybe unintended consequences where it unfortunately, you know, in a couple of cases has perhaps limited to limited the architectural creativity, you know, of some of our designers. But, you know, that's why I feel like this is maybe something that's worth considering. So, all right, there was a motion and second. Any public or council comment? All right. Hearing none, mischied, please call the vote. Mr. Volcano? Yes. Mr. Maramero? Yes. Mr. Milen? Yes. Miss Shampine? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council will bring that back next month for final adoption and allow you to the opportunity to gain more feedback from the public. Pam, you want to go first and then we'll maybe take up Susan's reports and then we'll take up any comments, any reports from the council day or from the administration. Pam. All right. So, Fortune Road, we poured, they poured the remaining portion of the roundabout that was on the north side. They did that this week because they wanted everything poured before we opened up that portion that's been closed to truck before we open it up. Highway 89, so the mayor and I were out there today. The remaining work on the two east side lanes that we will be opening up soon is to, we have a guard rail and striping. And so those are two subs. We're waiting to come in next week to do that work so that we can open it up to traffic. We will still be working on the west side, but as the mayor saw today, all the drainage is already done on the west side and most of the subgrade works been done. And so you're going to see that go a little bit faster on the west side. So while they were working, they were working to cruise east side and west side the whole time it was closed. We've also met with the mayor to go over what we're calling phase one B, which is basically from heart to farm to just pass through so road that transition to work on that. We had a original design. We're kind of making some modifications to lower some costs on that. And then also on our phase two design, which phase two will get us to Griffin Road with the amount of money that's anticipated from capital outlay for that's going to go to bond commission. So that project is about 75% complete. We do have some remaining work on the south end where you see all the pipe that's been there forever, but we are waiting on Cox and LUS, which we've been waiting on them for more than 90 days. So we need them to move lines that were never marked so that they can now install the drainage to finish up that portion. Larivier Road, that is really moving well. That's about 60% done on the drainage on the east side, the weather's been cooperating plus when they got to a point that they were finished drainage on highway 89 and couldn't go any further. They moved that drainage crew to Larivier Road. So you have two drainage, you have multiple drainage crews there to keep them in Youngstill. So it's a win-win. So while we might not be working on 89, you're getting a lot of headway on Larivier, which we know we want to get that open as quickly as possible. But they are well past the detention ponds and they're actually working on the outfalls to the detention ponds already. They were working on that today. Highway 92 turn lanes, we met with the mayor on those. We were PDF and when we realized we needed some FPNC numbers. So tomorrow we will be sending TUNICO both the highway 92 turn lanes. The designated left turn lanes to Center Sarsal and to Cedar Hills and St. Blays to try to help with traffic flow until such time that there's any large widening project. So we have that project and then of course the Shamei Agviyab, what we call it the phase one, which is to reconstruct, you don't have a very good base there. So we don't have the option of just milling without the road potentially crumbling under traffic. So we will have to do a reconstruction just like we did on the Rivier, Bonan Road, Fortune, all of those. And we're going to leave out the curve portion that would just probably be just a little overlay because of the fact that we're trying to figure out what we're going to do in phase two in that area to try to straighten out that S curve. So both of those will go to Nicole tomorrow so that they can be submitted to Facility Plan and Control so that they can allow us and authorize us to go to bid to advertise to bid. Anzalum, we are still waiting on the core. 2024 roadway improvements. They will be doing the patching soon and the striping is going to occur when the striping company that's coming in for Highway 89 is the same one that's going to do the remaining striping on the 2024 roadway improvements. The 92 widening project that had been submitted for a federal grant, we were not selected and Nicole and I will be on a brief next week with the federal government to find out that's the one that they changed the criteria because the new federal administration came in five days before the application was due. So we're doing another debrief because we know they were looking for different things than with the previous ones so we're going to try to figure out what it is that they're looking for us for projects they want to fund. And then the sidewalk application we did for Highway 89 that we have not heard, they have not made any selections on those projects yet. Any questions for Pam or any of the projects that she discussed? All right Susan, thank you Pam. So on the wastewater plant, getting the contracts from Nicole today and we're going to be setting the pre-construction meeting. So hopefully that'll kick off pretty soon. By station three we're just waiting on the clear-leamed final pay application. That's all done. The water plant, they're probably 90 to 95% complete. They're doing the final programming for the operation of the plant. I know Alex has been working on the valves throughout the city to expand the service area and I'm thinking within the next two weeks we'll do a start-up and then we run it for 30 days, work out all the kinks and then put it online. Sugar Mill Pond, we are still working on the route. I'll get with try it again this next week. Pump Station five, we're still working on the permitting. All right, thank you. Any questions for Susan, particularly about water or wastewater? A lot of great things happening, I know it may not be a very interesting subject. A lot of great things happening. It is to me. It is to me as well. Water plant coming on in two weeks that's going to expand our service footprint. That's a big milestone for our community as was getting the contract signed for the wastewater treatment plant upgrade. So thank you for everything. All right, I appreciate Susan. Chief Reved, anything you'd like to answer? I'm not worried, nothing from the chief, any other announcements from the council administration on the SMAO. That's something. Reminder, Saturday is our farmers market. So please come out and support the local vendors and the young sale chamber of commerce. For the farmers market, it is from 8 to noon at Foster Park. And if you didn't already hear, Lauren Dagle is here. Saturday night, the date has finally arrived. There are still a few general emission tickets left that we've received back from the artist. So if you don't have a ticket yet and still want to come, now's your opportunity to get them. Best prices are at. If you go to the YoungSoulSportsComplex.com, up at the top there's a red button that says Lauren Dagle, click on that and that'll take you to the ticket page. I encourage you to go there and not through a third party resale company. Those tickets are priced higher than what you will find through the sports complex. All right, thank you, ma'am. Any other announcements? Oh, one other, I'm sorry. Patch of the park, Rotary Club, Patch of the Park, October 4th. Fifth. I like to just want to say, October 5th, Patch of the Park, Come Support Rotary Club, Get Your Pumpkins and enjoy some great music. Thank you, Helen. It's Sunday. Cheap, Bruce, sorry. Hold on, we gotta get your mind. Okay, last month, YoungSoulPD responded to date 189 calls in the month of August. The guys have been out on the road working hard and make sure everybody's safe. I pulled a geofence around Sugarmopon for last year, I had a request of one of the HLA boards in September to September in Sugarmopon, YoungSoulPD responded to 1926 calls for service. Within the one period, within that one development? Yes. Okay. All right, any other comment? All right. Motion to adjourn by Councilmember Boljana. Second, by Mr. Romero. All in favor. Meeting adjourned. Thank you all so much and have a wonderful evening.