 you you you So all right, good evening everyone. Thank you for your patience. This meeting is called to order. It's the regular meeting of the Youngsville City Council tonight is Thursday, February 13th. A the evening I'd like to ask. Our friend of Youngsville pastor, Joe Cormier from first assembly young so to lead us in our invocation and if you remain standing, Councilman Barres is going to lead us in the pledge. Good evening, everyone. Thank you so much for having me. Let's go to the Lord. Heavenly Father, we thank you for just the immense amount of blessings and grace that you've bestowed upon our city. Lord, we just recognize you as being sovereign over this meeting today and we ask for your divine favor for fresh insight and perspectives as we discuss the business of this city. Lord, we just pray for your blessing and your hand to be upon our citizens, upon their families. Lord, and we thank you for that. We also lift up our schools and all of our students here in the city. Lord, this is a city full of kids. Lord, I just pray your blessings upon them. Lord, we just thank you for the future leaders that you are raising up in the local schools. So, Lord, I just pray your blessings upon our time today and we pray these things in the mighty and matchless name of Jesus. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the life of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, formation, and the God, individual, with liberty and justice for all. All right. Good evening, everyone again. Gen. Item 5.6, Mr. Blanco has requested that item to be moved from this agenda so I anticipate that we'll hear that at the next city council meeting. That's a Gen. Item 5.6. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barrett, here. Mr. Volgiano. Here. Mr. Marrow's absent. He's since his apologies here. It's a work obligation tonight. Mr. Nylon. Here. Ms. Champagne here. Right. A gen. Item 3.1 approval of the meeting minutes, January 9th, 2025. All right. I have a motion by Mr. Volgiano and a second by Ms. Champagne. Is there any council comment? Any audience comment or question? Okay. Hearing none, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barrett. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Ms. Champagne. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council 4.1 approval of the December 2024 finance report. Okay. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. A second by Ms. Champagne. Any council comment or question? Ms. Gray. All right. Looking at the time for January, we are 0.31% over last year at this time. And just to, you know, on a good note, this is our highest month ever. Highest taxable sales ever. All right. Is there any public comment or question? Okay. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Ms. Champagne. Ms. Spares. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. Other business 5.1 is like to a point a new magistrate. I have a judge who will preside over the city court and council for your recommending Miss Maria Petrie for that position. Ms. Petrie's here in the audience on my right. I've known Ms. Petrie for years. She's been a licensed attorney owner of Sher tidal and abstract. She is also about a 25 year resident of Youngsville. I know her to be very active in the community. She's a previous chamber. I believe board member. Very active in the realtor association. She was on the gumbo cook off committee just one off the top my head that I know. Over her practices mainly on title examination, curative work, as well as the preparation handling and sign of closing documents for residential and commercial properties situated in several parishes throughout the state of Louisiana. But prior to that, she's also done other work outside of title work. But I've met with her. She understands the responsibility of which she will be tasked. And I'm confident that she's up for the opportunity that presents itself for it to be the magistrate for the city of Youngsville. And Ms. Petrie, like I mentioned here if anyone has any questions for her. Yes, Ms. Champagne. All right. Thank you, Ms. Champagne. And second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any council comment or discussion? Can you public comment a question or discussion? All right, Ms. Gidry. Please call the vote. Yes, Ms. Milen. Yes. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Ms. Vars. Yes. Ms. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. Congratulations. Congratulations, Ms. Petrie. And I also want to take the opportunity to thank magistrate Budetti for his years of service to the citizens and the community of Youngsville. So, Ms. Petrie, you look forward to having you sworn in prior to the next court this week. So thank you. I look forward to working with you. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. All right. 5.2 is appointment to the Youngsville Municipal Police Civil Service Board representing the college list board member for the remainder of a term from a list of applicants submitted by Dr. E. Joseph Savo. President of the University of Louisiana Lafayette and a letter dated January 7, 2025. Ms. Champagne. Yes, that question for our clerk. I know that you've added on looked at the to make sure every all of these were able to serve. So, what were you findings? Because I do see someone here that don't look like they live here any longer. Only Mr. Tavelle is qualified for the partial term. Mr. Barres is no longer interested. Mr. Jake Abbey no longer lives within the city limits and Miss Sam Kelly is now a public service. Thank you. At the appropriate time, I'd like to motion. Mr. James Bubbissabel to service at interim on the civil service board. Yes, ma'am. Is there a second on Miss Champagne's motion? Me. All right. Miss Barres seconds. It's open for council discussion. Any public comment related to this appointment? All right. There's no public comment. We'll move to call the vote for the interim appointment. Miss Champagne. Yes. Miss Barres. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. All in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council. The council agenda item 5.3. Appointments. The young's will municipal police civil service board representing the college list board member for a three year term from a list of applicants submitted by Dr. E. Joseph Savoile president of the University of Louisiana Latvian in a letter dated February 5th 2025. I'd like to if any of the candidates are here if they'd like to speak. May I? Any you sir. How are you doing sir? If you wouldn't mind coming forward and maybe identify yourself. Of course, please. Thank you. My name is Randy Bannacore. I've been a resident of Young'sville for about 20 years. I have a passive experience of I was a retired railroad worker. I worked in the action investigation and the claims manager for a railroad. Five years ago, I retired and I became a private investigator license private investigator here in Louisiana. And if I am selected for the board, I'd be honest to serve. Thank you, Mr. Vanacore for being here and it's a appreciate you coming up to speak. Or is anyone else here that is on the list submitted by Dr. Savoile? I do have a question. File clerk. I know that you you are submitted these names, but did you have an opportunity to look at these for this appointment after the correct all were eligible with the exception of Mr. David Dave Perrett. He is on our fire board. Therefore, the State Office of Examiners Office, Dean that he could not serve. And what is the date that we have to make this appointment? Do you know that right now? 90 days from the expiration with February 18th, which is May 19th. And I know Mr. Ducey, when I did talk to him, he did tell me that he was he had prior obligations and he was not available tonight. He was out all week. So, would we, would we mayor our way, would we just table this and move for another how, how could we, because we have 90 days from the 18th to make the appointment. Since you are within the 90 days, it would be appropriate if you want to take additional time to learn more about your candidates. That would be appropriate. So simply you would move to defer or simply pass on this agenda item. May I have the appropriate time motion to defer? Okay, thank you, Ms. Champagne. I'll second. All right, there's a second by Council Member Bolgiano to a second deferred. So we're going to be taking a vote on this. So is there any discussion from the Council? If there's no, just any public comment related to deferring this to a future meeting. Okay, if there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on the deferral. Ms. Barres. Yes. Ms. Bolgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Ms. Champagne. Yes. All in favor, motion approved. Thank you, Nicole. Thank you, Council. Agenda item 5.4, Recreation Advisory Board appointments. Five members be recommended and ratified by the City Council. Ms. Gidry, how would you like to handle this? I will call on each division. They can announce their nominee. And if you all are in favor of the nominee as a group, you can make a motion. And the second or unless you want to vote, I want each one individually totally up to you guys. So division A, Ms. Barres, your nominee, please. Cody Dutil. Okay. Division B. I'm going to name a name. I'm Victoria. You said you were keeping the same one, which is Shannon Turner. Correct. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Nylon. Daniel Deville. And Ms. Champagne. Mr. David. Got it. You have Mr. Romero's in the eye. And I'm sorry, Mr. Romero did send me by mail. It's email. It's in the packet. He is nominating Mr. Renominating Mr. Rocky Rishore for division C's nomination. Okay. Council, it's at your pleasure. You can move to accept them collectively or if you like to take them individually, you certainly are welcome to do that as well. Ms. Barres. I move to accept them collectively. All right. Thank you, Ms. Barres. Mr. Nylon. Second. Second or Ms. Nylon. Seconds. Is there any further council discussion? Any public comment? I have a question for Mr. Nylon. I have a question for Mr. Rishore. I have a question for Mr. Nylon. Mr. Nylon. Yes sir. Please come forward. Just a new board. I'm not going to be with you. Yes, no, the question from the audience is this a new board? It's not. It was created by the city council. Why 2009's and the kids. But it could be wrong. 2010, he's saying it maybe. I think it was after that. I think it was. This was 2010. That's not in 2010. Unless it was it was discussing 2010 and we were born in 2004. Yeah, it was after. It was it was once I became the mayor. So it was sometimes after 2015. But in the first couple of years, I would. My answer would be about 2017. So all right. Yes sir. All right. Is there any other public comment or question? Okay. I'm going to ask you to come forward. I'm going to ask you to come forward. Mr. Bullseye. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Mr. Champagne. Yes. Mr. Spares. Yes. Motion approved. Right. It's a number 5.5. Rosalind Bowdoin is to is requesting approval to begin the annexation of track 8a. One, which is 1.015 acres. Continuous to 339. Barcliffe Drive. So we have an annexation request on a wall. So for your for our new members and for the public benefit. Anxations are done by ordinance. So they'll come before the council twice. But in order to begin that process, it does require quite a bit of labor, which is at the expense of the property owner that's petitioning to be annexed. That work involves surveying and it's a lot of shuffle in a paper because there's registered voters there. It's a lot of work involved and it's just labor and it's something that is best to clear the register of voters office and multiple hurdles. So just as a best practice, what we've been doing as an administration is bringing it to you. For consideration. Before the applicant goes through any significant expense other than just simply making a request of petition from us. So at your direction tonight, if you choose to approve moving forward, then we then the applicant will begin the expense in the process associated with move. and the process associated with moving forward and we would move it towards an introductory ordinance in your packet. It would be the area that's highlighted in yellow and as the description indicated on the title, it is contiguous. Basically, this is the property at the end of Barr, Cliff Road, Barr Cliff Road is off of Giat Road. It's near the end. And if you were looking at the corporate limits of the city of Young'sville, this is an unacorporated pocket. It's an unacorporated island. There's nothing on that property now. The landowner is wishing to, I think, move a mobile home onto the property, which would therefore, they would be getting a city water, I think, as their ultimate goal to have, unless somebody on the staff knows differently. I believe that's what they want to do. Moving a mobile home, which you can move a mobile home into the incorporated area, you would just follow those guidelines. It's the same property owner that has the property. And so they had one piece of property in the city limits and one piece of property that was unacorporated. So they wanted both of their pieces of property in the city. And yes, they're going to move a mobile home, I think, for the daughter on the second piece of property, but they wanted it all to be city. So there's nothing out there from the parish, but it is the same property owner. They're not dividing it, but it's, they just, how the properties, one part was in the city limits and part not, I don't know how that ever happened, but. Did we give them the ordinance on the mobile home ordinance? Yes, in fact, it's my appreciation that mobile homes are already been vetted. It is basically at the, within the final year, that would be acceptable to permit. So, but yeah, they are aware. Yeah, there's plenty of separation and everything for them to meet the ordinance. Yeah, I'm speaking about the age requirements. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Pam can tell you more. It's an additional acre of property. So there's sufficient room to meet the enhanced setbacks. Sweet. Any other comments or questions from the council? Okay, it's up to you if you'd like to. Make a motion to move forward. To approve the beginning of the annexation process. A motion. All right, thank you, Mr. Volgiano. And second by Mr. Nylon. Any other council comment or question? Any public comment? Or a question? Okay, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Boris? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Nylon. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Motion approved. I mentioned 5.6 has been removed. And we'll be back at a later agenda. 5.7 is the bid review for the waterline interconnections when it invites Susan to come forward. While she's doing that, I'll say that the funding source for this is going to be for, we received a direct appropriation through one of the supplemental acts of the last state, the last regular session for $600,000 with no local match. That's my understanding, right, Ms. Gidry? No local match. And the purpose of this project is to basically move water that will be producing our new water plant to serve areas south of the city. So it's basically to distribute, it's to aid in the distribution of our new water that'll be produced from the new water plant. Susan. Right. Yeah, we received five bids. Our low bid, the estimate was 650,000. Our low bid was from Lila Construction LLC for $568,486. We had three additive alternates for isolation valves in the downtown area. We recommended that alternate one, which is the installation of two eight inch isolation valves on school street and fourth street. We recommended that additive alternate be accepted. So the resulting total contract price would be $596,086, which is within the $600,000 funding. And for members of public this, because this bid opening was this week, this is not in, if you're viewing, I forgot to mention the beginning, but there's a QR code on the side of the room that you can scan, and it takes you directly to the same packet that our council members are looking at. Within that packet, these bid estimates have did not make the packet distribution because bids were open this week, but we do have copies of those bids here at the front by Mr. Trahan, if anyone would like a copy. Right, it's up for council action at the appropriate time. Well, while you all are reviewing, I'll just share that the isolation valves are give us more flexibility and controlling of when there's a water break, a water line, a repair that needs when we can isolate, that particular area that's less people that may be affected by an outage that also gives us greater opportunity since we do operate two water systems. If we need to change, I redirect the flow of the distribution from our water systems in limited events when we may have to do that. So that's the purpose of the isolation. But in our new developments, we require isolation valves. They're standard with new development that we're accepting through private infrastructure. So this area that we're adding isolation valves are in the original part of our city when isolation valves weren't as commonplace. All right, Mr. Volgiana. Make a motion to proceed with the lowest construction. All right, including alternate one. Yes, including all three of them. I'm sorry, I did not notice. I'm assuming that this was budgeted, but in the event that it wasn't, should we amend the budget accordingly? I mean, it is gonna be grant revenue coming in. It's not it's grant revenue coming in that we would be. Good point, yeah, let's do that because this group probably came in after our fund. Correct, yeah. The look. Okay, so be accepting the bid, alternate one and amend the budget accordingly. So make a motion to accept the alternate bid, one and amend the motion accordingly. All right, thank you. Ms. Barra is a comfortable second. All right, thank you, ma'am. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or question? Any discussion? All right, that pretty quick turnaround on this work. Mr. Giddyrie, please call the vote. If I can get into it, Ms. Barra is. Ms. Volgiana. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. Anything else Susan? No, I mean, I spoke to the contractor. They're ready to go very quickly, which is great because, oh, he's here. Oh, okay. All right. That's great. Well, looking forward to working with you. So congratulations. They're ready to go. So awesome. Good. Yeah, well, we're excited about it. So thank you and looking forward to working with you, sir. All right, we're clear. We're good. All right, thank you. All right, 5.8, discuss and consider amending the 2024, 2025 Young's Police Department budget. Any amount of 24,500 to provide funding for a roof replacement and painting at 304th Street. There's a quote in your packet, council, for that. This, my understanding is that we did get a couple of quotes. Chief. Chief. Yeah. All right, Mr. Volgiana. Yeah, I'd like to make a motion to go ahead and proceed with council or construction to get the roof replaced, as well as the exterior painting. I spoke with Chief about this last week or two and when I had to go to the building myself and it's definitely some disrepair. It's been neglected for a while. So I think this will be a good addition. So I'll get done. Perfect. All right. Miss Shampon, second. All right, Miss Shampon, seconds. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Does this... Any account all the roof is? We haven't replaced it to my knowledge. So not during my time, it's possible it's the original. It's the original one, I think. Okay. Does it... You... Yeah. And I don't know offhand. You know offhand from the plaque in the front when we dedicated that building? I want to say sometime in the 90s. Yeah. That's what, okay. Okay. All right. Any other comment or question? All right. If there's no public comment, Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Miss Shampon. Yes. Miss Barraz? Yes. Mr. Balgiano? Yes. Mr. Nyland. I should have proved. All right. Thank you. And... In chief, we'll probably need to just make sure through... through Catherine's office that we have the... If there's any additional paperwork, probably like a W9 or the few other, the insurance. Yeah. And then we'll be good to go. Sounds good. So, all right. 5.9 is to discuss and consider many the 2024-2025 budget... in the amount of $2 million for design and land acquisition... for the LWI, Anselm Kool-E regional retention... Pond project to be fully funded by the Louisiana Water Shed... Initiative grant program. I'll let Pam maybe say a few words about it. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. Try that again. There we go. I think I've given updates every month with regards to this. I think we've just never realized the grant in the... in the budget, but this is 100% paid for out of the money... that came from the 2016 flood through LWI. So there were two pots of money that came to the state. One was the HMGP money, which is what your other... the Tension Ponds were paid for. And this is through money that came in through HUD. And so that's what's paying for the Anselm Kool-E regional detention... Pond. We are about 90% so complete with the plans that we have... worked with them. So we've submitted our plans. We've submitted our drainage study. Got comments back. We just resubmitted again today. We're basically waiting on a core permit. I want to have the core permit. All of our environmental will be done. And they will give us... when they approve that, we get permission to start buying the land. So we need to be in the position to be able to... start negotiating to buy... to purchase the land. Again, 100% paid for by the federal government. And OCD, which is going to be the ones that minister in there... much quicker than GOSF. Yeah, that's... that was a big question that I had. Mr. Paul Johnne. Motion to. Except. Second. All right, Ms. Shumpin seconds. For the public's benefit, this is... Anselm Kool-E's what drains the western side of our city. That is... So who would benefit or who's impacted by this? It's South Lake. Windom here. Routinite 2 area. St. Blaze. So all of that on 92 go in west. Yeah. So this day when we made the grant applications for the HMGP projects, which is what funded our seven other regional ponds, while we were waiting on those projects on our other two major drainage channels, the Anselm Kool-E's where Terry and I did do a lot of work. So Anselm is where you have the Veterans Drainage Pond project, the now Bark Park Drainage Pond project, the Louisiana Gym Drainage Pond project. I think that's it. Yeah. So this is going to compliment that even further. It's about 20 acres. About 20 acres, yes. 20 acres. So we're looking to modeling that Pam stunts in the vicinity near the Veterans Park. You know, the Anselm Kool-E kind of crosses highway 92. On the opposite side. On the south side. Yeah. So we still have to go through the land process, but that's kind of the area that it would be targeting. The Anselm Kool-E then crosses behind like South Lake crosses at that car lot, at Verrod, and goes into Milton, eventually drains out to the Vermillion River. Yes. This is basically going to be located west of Ascension Property, west of Seeter Hills. All right. Thank you, Pam. Any public comment? Any council questions or clarity on this? So we would be basically, this is a reimbursement program. So we will be submitting expenses, including the design. That's correct. Yeah, design, land acquisition, and construction. So, all right, Ms. Gigerin, please call the vote. Please. Ms. Barras. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Ms. Champagne. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. 5.10 is discussed and consider a mini-to-2024-2025 budget. Any amount of 500,000 to appropriate funding for the highway 92. We have a project to be reimbursed by capital outlay grant funding. This is money that was already allocated in the previous years. Capital outlay program. I believe it's a direct appropriation. But we are at a point within the design that I'd like to be able to start reimbursed in our consultant for the design work. So we'll be seeking future funding for the construction. That's correct. All right. All right. Ms. Champagne. Motion to move. But that was my question. How far are we on that project? Yeah. About 50 percent. All of our surveys done. We've got our alignment. We started doing plans. And we also have our geotechnical boardings and a report. We just received for our payment thickness design. So we're pretty far along. Thank you. My friend Vincent's in the audience. He used to be on auto's committees. Good seeing you. Thank you for being here. Mayor Boulay's liaison to local government. Ms. Volgiano. All second. All right. Thank you. Sorry. Any council comment or question? Any comments or questions from the public? Capital outlay is, is it's 80, 20 or 75, 25? 75, 25? I mean, 75 percent of it's funded by the state. So. All right. If there's no comment or question, Mr. Gidjub, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nailin. Yes. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Ms. Varez. Yes. All right. Thank you, council. Five point. You should approve. Five point 11. Discuss. Consider remaining the 2024 2025 budget in the amount of $8,000, excuse me, $8,000, $55 to facilitate funding for the Akaneanah. I'm a public advisory district and accordance with city resolution, 2022-19. Council of the city council in 2022 passed a resolution. The Akaneanah crime lab is funded by capital outlay dollars. And at the time there was a request from, I believe, the district attorney for everyone that would be utilizing that crime lab to contribute to the matching funds. Similar matching fund requirement to what I just alluded to for the roundabout project. So that local match was being pro-rated by every, I guess, community that would be utilizing this project. So there's the, the previous council agreed to it. But now they're asking for collection of it and we don't have it in the budget. We didn't put it in the budget. I didn't know when that was coming to. Ms. Varez. I make a motion. All right. Thank you, ma'am. Mr. Nailin. I'll second. All right. Thank you, sir. Any public comment or question? If there's no comment or question, Ms. Gajarig, please call the vote. Mr. Nailin. Yes. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Ms. Varez. Yes. Well, that was impressive. Yes. The tongue-tongued motion approved. All right. Thanks, council. 6.1 resolution 2025. 0-2 resolution authorised in the mayor. The city of Youngsood executed a grant agreement between the US Department of Transportation's Federal Highway Administration and the city of Youngsood under the fiscal year 2024. Safe streets and roads for all SS4A grant program applicable to the Young Street intersection safety improvements and approved at 25% in recipient share. So this is a grant with a 25% share that we've previously announced. And this is just allowing us to shuffle all the paperwork necessary with it. Ms. Varez. Is this the one that Bruce Ord Lafayette, Youngsood Bill, because of that? Great question. And yes, this is the intersection improvement at the four-way stop sign of Young and where North and South of the Riviera meet. It's grant application, the projected cost of the improvement. And so the current engineer estimate is 3.7 million, which is basically 700,000 of a local match, that 700,000 of a local match would be shared 75% Youngsood, 25% city of Roussard. And then as a credit to both of our shares, the landowner at that intersection has agreed to donate the required right away or the anticipated right away. So the value of that land donation will then go towards our 25% match. And it'll be the way the agreement's drafted now is at 75% of that credit. It would go to Youngsood Bill's share, 25% of it would go to Roussard's share. So that's right, Wayne. That's correct. Yeah, that's right. I know you had a question. Do you make a motion? No, I'll make a motion though. Okay. Thank you. Mission. Mission. Seconds. Any public comment, question or discussion? Right. There's no comment. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Miss Sean Pine. Yes. This bar is. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. 6.2 resolution. 2503 resolution of the city of Youngsood declaring two fort explorers from the city of Youngsood police department. As surplus property and authorizing the mayor to donate the vehicles to the town of Baldwin police department. In accordance with Louisiana Revised Statute 382319 21 police units. I mean, you know, I mean. Delta me said they needed some units there. There are the ones were unrepairable. So asked if they have any units were getting rid of any asked if we could donate a couple to their department. Yeah, these are these are units. Council that are the replace these units over the last. I don't know time period. I was going to say a couple of years but I don't know if that's factually correct. These units have just been really sitting on four street and those are bizarre to surplus them. Yeah, there's down decommissioned units. Most of them have over a hundred thousand miles and. The cost per mile. Was getting excessive on the units so they decommissioned. Yeah, all right. Mr. Volgiana. It's a motion to prove resolution. 2503. All right. Thank you. Sir. Mr. Champagne. I have a question. Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We still have a couple of other vehicles on the lot. In the next item, I think that's coming up. They have three that are we sold to generate. And. In my. One going to Milton fire department. Is it possibly. And. So. Two other. Two other older explorers and a gem core that's unrepairable. They don't make the parts for anymore that I can be going all auction. So we're looking at tonight would be five. Five of them. Yes. Yeah. The. We're looking for. Yeah, they tried to bring it to the shop to get repaired. They say they don't make parts for it anymore. So it's. You can't drive it. That was something that was bought second hand. Yeah. A few years. Quite a while now. Okay. Mr. Champagne. That's satisfying. Yes, sir. Thank you. As far as. Yeah, I'm just curious. So. In total in these it looks like we're getting rid of approximately seven explorers. How many patrol cars do we have and how many patrol men do we have? Do we have enough vehicles? Yes, we do have enough vehicles. These were already the commission before I got there. Okay. Yes, ma'am. All right. Let's see. I know Mr. Mr. Voljano's second. I'm sorry. Made a motion. Is there a second? I was second. All right. I'm sorry. Mr. Commissioner. Mr. Commissioner. Mr. Commissioner, please call the vote. Mr. Moushe, Mr. Llan. Yes. Mr. Nailan. Yes. Motion approved. All right. 6.3. Resolution. 205. 04. Resolution of the city of Youngville. I don't know if we gave this is this was the car that we put information about this detail some bumpers or some accessories Yeah, some old white and stuff like that that it's vehicle specific that came off a sold old crown before units and some other older units I was handed over I think it's two push bumpers. It's in here. That was the only other equipment I was given Yeah All right Missful John I like to make a substitute amendment or motion to this resolution to adopt the resolution 2025 as zero four is amended to declare unit number 23 as surplus property and authorize the mayor to donate vehicle As is where is the Milton Far Department in ordinance with Louisiana revised statute 38 23 19 dot 21 Council y'all understand but with Mr. Volgiano's requesting so yes That's if that's three units that we're going to internet auction or just two of them. I'm sorry. There should be that too Yeah, it should be too should be tuned so one of them I'm making an amendment to donate one in Milton Far Department and leave the other as internet auction Okay, so we're gonna have a Ford Explorer go to auction the little GM and two push bumpers will go to auction and then unit number 23 is gonna go to Milton Far Department Donate yeah, they had a one of the Assistant chiefs or capents had reached out asking if we had any units available Just so happen to be this is on the agent tonight. They wanted to use one for a medical unit for squadron purposes So being that they're low in funding a contacted chief and Nicole So number 23 the older the 2014 order. Okay, I got you All right any any comments or questions from the council and then miss Boris Okay, all right miss Boris seconds Mr. Volgiano's the sub alright the new the new resolution Modifying the resolution all right any council comment any public comment everybody clear on what we're doing All right Skidgery, please call the vote Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Myland. Yes, yes, yes, Miss Boris. Yes motion approved 6.4 resolution 2020 for zero five resolution of the city of young zoo declaring three Sorry, sorry Declarating three Ford explores from the young zoo police department a surplus property and authorizing the sale of such surplus property To the city of genera police department in accordance with Louisiana revised statue 38 23 19 21 police units These will also decommission Was a question these were also decommissioned. Yes, they're all completely stripped out Okay, I made a mistake earlier I said five Shannon you were from as far as you were right to seven Yes, seven vehicles all day will plus the little Jim car plus the little yeah, yeah, okay All right Miss Volgiano make a motion. All right. Thank you sir Miss Boris second all right any council commenter discussion You public comment question all right, Miss Gidry, please call the vote Mr. Myland. Yes, yes, yes, yes, Mr. Volgiano motion approved All right, thank you guys Pam you want to Pam you want any update and then we'll go to Susan You know Am I Highway 89 the contractor is currently working in front. I'm sure you guys have seen in front of Messes to try to finish up that east Additional lane with all of the base and the subgrade on the west side We have the gas line center point is relocating the gas line So I apologize that sometimes people will be stopped in multiple But we actually have the center points out there relocating gas lines on the west side and AT&T is also relocating Align your hard to form so both of those are working independent of Our operation, but we need them out of the way so that we can move to the west side So that project's going along well a fortune road about 75% complete I'm sure you can start seeing the concrete as it is being poured in the roundabout portion of the road So I think people can start seeing that from highway 89 And so we're still on schedule to hopefully open that up Late spring early summer Highway 92 Prescott as I mentioned earlier about 50% done with design and slow 90% done We also submitted the highway 92 for the raised grant on June 30th I mean January 30th it probably feels like June because five days before it was due the new Administration changed all of the requirements on the grant So I think it was probably to see like if you're willing to change your grant application in five days And we'll give you some consideration for some federal money. Yes, we did with the we had three hours of spare Nicole Before we pressed submit so anyway, so we resubmitted that but with the new conditions They actually play more in a favor for a community like youngsville so And Shemay Agriop no change since last time we're gonna get back on that But we've been working a lot on the 89 fortune stuff to keep that moving along Yeah, thank you so that the Shemana Grab one We do have direct we have money that we have available now from the state to work on that So we're gonna we're gonna we'll have to discuss how we're gonna approach it, you know, but We've got our geotechnical report back in and so we have enough to be able to do our phase one now to do the design on the phase one The next phases the the grant application that Pam's to referring to thank you for doing it again We her office did it last year and we were not selective We went through the debriefing of it and learned how to make it pass muster but a lot of the Buzzwords if you will of I think the Biden administration that we were prepared to Insert it in all kind of went away. So that's why it was the last minute scramble and Pam's correct It'll be I think hopefully more favorable because it is a great project. This is the widening of East Milton Bull of art. So excited about seeing in that something that we'll hopefully know around June Yes, right If that doesn't go through Then what we're gonna do is I'm gonna it's gonna be my recommendation that we move forward with with doing A couple of churning lanes to facilitate better movement of traffic along East Milton So potential spots might be metery center south St. Blaze around Brookdale or feel crest Just basically as an interim solution will continue seeking Grant opportunities for the long-term fix But I think we we have a pretty good path forward, you know So but optimistically we'll be selected for the for the grant this go around Did you mention the revier? Yeah Complaints got about the revier it bid yesterday believe it or not we finally made it with there were seven bidders Glendaleje was the apparent low bidder and so we are working through some things with regards to the MPO funding And they will wait to award To get word from young still As far as forwarding but the highest bidder was like 16 million so There was double the cost between the low bidder and the and the highest bidder Yeah, yeah, so but that is exciting. I mean we've been trying to get to that point for a very long time So now once recommended or if recommended then it'll move forward You probably see construction starting in about three to four months Due to the td taken a little bit longer Yeah, and that that project Pam had recommended a 12 month construction timeline I guess plus built-in weather days But the dott reduced it to be a nine months because it will be a it will be a disruptive project because that's a complete bridge replacement on la rivière And it's a lot of work right now. It's a lot of drainage work down there. So All right, thank you, Pam Susan Um On the wastewater treatment plant upgrade We're revising the plans resubmitting to LDH and dq And we still hope to advertise in early March pump station four There are about 10% complete the wet well and valve bidder in they're working on the electrical Um, so that's going going well. They're waiting pump delivery Um, pump station three The pump equipment delivery has been delayed and they expected in april Uh, the water plant is about 44% complete You can see the building is going up and taking shape Um, they're working on the gate installation We've discussed with them securing the site for mardi grow. We talked about that in the progress meeting So we're going to have them work on that and make sure it's all secure before before the parade Um, the generator's been installed We're still expecting completion in september Sugar mopon. We're working through some um property line uh issues. We're working with trot on that try to get that all resolved So we know what servitudes we have to secure For the new force main the waterline connections that was awarded tonight pump station five we're working on that we're trying to get a handle on How to upgrade that pump station, but that's moving forward Any any questions for susan or pan or anything infrastructure related All right, yeah all great stuff lots of moving pieces. Thank you. Appreciate it Susan Tim we excuse from the meeting tonight. They're trying to knock out all the player evaluations for our red program Which is starting with weather with with potential inclement weather this weekend We wanted to I wanted him to Kids were more important. So but he has a report in the packet With it everything um there. So A lot a lot of great stuff happening there. We're looking forward to hosting the mardi grow mongo Um in just a couple of weeks So Open for any council announcements or any other business that you might have mr. Nylon Oh Yeah, so February is national heart health month um me personally being in health care obviously heart disease is leading calls of death in americans especially in sapa Louisiana Um, so if you haven't been you know staying on top of your you know annual physicals and check in with your cardiologist February is a great month to get on top of that um I'd mentioned last time about the healthy kids running series. That's going to be kicking off in march Uh, it is five weeks of races. It starts a march 9th. That's the first date For two years old up to seniors in high school and they have a challenger series this year It's for children with disabilities and special needs They do a 75 yard dash um it can be assisted by parents caregivers or whomever So I think that's a really cool addition um and they were awarded the best uh New program um with the healthy kids running series because it's a national organization So they had received that award for youngsville which I thought was pretty awesome Um, and then youngsville chamber of commerce they're kicking off their uh farmers market at foster park It's gonna be 8 a.m. to noon uh their first week is gonna be a march 8th Um, it's a saturday and then I know we have inclement weather this weekend Um, I'm a you all alumni you all softball and baseball be playing friday through the weekend So they got a break in the rain go out there and support your cagens Um, and then just the last thing for people uh that I've been kind of noticing bike lanes are not for uh passing vehicles that are trying to turn on uh shaman I've noticed that's a big problem in front of prodigy and arca stadium Uh, so I know we all tend to get in a rush But please do not use the bike lanes to pass people when they're trying to turn especially in and out of the day care And you have high school students that walk from arca to arca And they're using those bike lanes to walk in we we don't want an accident like that from happening. So please Let's uh show some patience Thank you sir uh a couple thoughts one that's a reminder to me we met with a great A brilliant student at ascension that uh oh of call back to So mental mental note i need to uh you need to get back to him but i i gave some of the information Uh our major aware of it i think is someone uh unbeknownst to pamm someone in our office You know it was working with them But he came in and met with me he was extremely passionate about how to make our bike lanes safer Uh came met with me was extremely prepared and um i owe him a follow up because i'd love to invite him here to a meeting Uh because as we prepare for our upcoming budget which would start july 1st He went as far as getting engineering estimates and things like that So i think that there may be some tangible takeaways even if it's not uh You know going to the extent that he would like even an awareness campaign I think would go a long way and i know that uh with his help um I think that it would you'd have a great Partner there to work together and try to get it done So i'm going to touch base with him and see if we can invite him back to a future meeting to share his His research with us um And then also i just i didn't intend to do this but i would do want to commend you um Nick because uh there was a there was a medical issue at our sports complex in the early morning hours uh since we've met last And uh group of guys were at the sports complex doing a workout routine and one of the one of the participants Went into cardiac arrest and uh Nick was uh there uh in the group working out Wasn't there You know i wasn't there but what i what i understood from others that were That you sprang into action you took charge of the situation and um led a group of chest compressions and Fortunately we have an a ed several a ed's throughout the facility Nick and his uh Nick and the group that he was with um did chest compressions exercise the a ed Until our first responders far Police and a cadien could get there transported the gentleman And he is safe and recovering But i just certainly just want to commend you While you know when you were telling me the story i was Initially relieved of his proud but i and then i was also also also relieved to know that The a ed's were were accessible available in in working order So much so to where i came back to the office here and i just we discussed it as a as a staff About how we want to look at putting them in this facility as well because at this time we don't have We don't have one here so um in my in my previous business we had them at our gyms And i know that second smatter so um Thank you for what she did and being in the right place at the right time and If something like that ever happens to me. I hope it doesn't but i hope i'm as fortunate to be surrounded by By uh good Samaritan so thank you for what you did that Acadien is normally pretty good, you know about recognizing so i think at the appropriate time and it will probably Have the first responders so i don't want to get ahead of it But i i know that you know just just may not be the last we hear about it so thank you This is hailey yeah right I just I wanted to reiterate about the farmers market vendor applications are open So please spread the word if you know anyone that has produce products Please have them go and sign up On it's through the chambers website. So youngsoilchamber.com Go there's a tab at the top for the farmers market. So it's easy to get to So applications are going to be open until i believe it's February 28 um and then the first First farmers market will be on March 8th 8th to noon Again at foster park Also, um i wanted to bring up it's on the city's Facebook page It's pinned at the top But we are uh working on trying to collect responses for the Louisiana development Ready community survey. So please go on our Facebook page I'm also going to have Nicole add the link into the minutes for this meeting But there is a survey it'll be available. We would like all responses back again. February 28th big date So it it's basically part of the process for us to receive the Louisiana development ready community designation through Louisiana economic development So feedback from residents business owners are anyone who works in the city would be greatly appreciated So please go and fill that out just takes a couple minutes. It's 10 questions Thank you. Thank you on that and for everything that you're doing to spearhead that hailey represented me all of us at a at a conference for um Retail developers For the region and i mean just here in some of the meetings she had and his continuing to have has been beneficial so very beneficial for all of us so thank you very much Miss champine Thank you mayor Uh just several things first of all i just want to say what a wonderful month we had Uh From our last meeting we had a blizzard a snowstorm where we all got to enjoy our families And stay in and stay cozy and i just thought it was just beautiful And some of the people that i hear because it was really a family time I'm fine you couldn't do anything else our busy lives came to a halt for three days Uh also i want to thank uh shielding for bringing the Clyde stales out So we also got to do that this month in young sville enjoy the Clyde stales Now and say in that i do want to acknowledge Uh our public works department and our water guys Because while we were home enjoying the snow and doing our snow angels outside And staying cozy we had public works and our water people out on Walking to work i'm the mayor share that picture that's a post-court picture mayor Uh, but i please related them that we all thank them for doing that It's also mind-standing that l us is going to have a report in 30 days on some of the problems that we experience So i look forward to hearing that uh report Uh Applications are still open for leadership until um march 7th i believe So if anyone's interested in applying for leadership is a wonderful program I encourage you to do that and applications are open till march 7th That's a chamber you can send those to a chamber of commerce I want to wish everyone a happy Valentine's day and have fun for Madagra Thank you miss some pun and in Before we come back. Yeah, it will be Just a comment about that yet. Yes l us is mayor president boule reported that there would be a full report and in within 30 days of that Of that incident that did an after-action briefing. So we look forward to hearing that I'm happy to at that time, you know discuss any topic or anything related to that incident You know about you know what worked right where we still have room for improvement Of course, you know, we all in this room know about the you know the benefit of the water plant there. So I'm always proud to talk about our infrastructure So happy to happy to discuss any of that about you know how how uh things You know where we see our room for opportunity what worked what worked well and what will be different next time um, and I'm proud to talk about infrastructure, but I'm always more proud to talk about the team and the staff That was a stressful couple of days Tuesday was great when they got to be a little stressful Terry, I want to commend you You know from an operations standpoint. I couldn't be Prouder of the entire team Alex is normally here at our meetings, but he was in a very important meeting with me earlier today So he didn't need to come today tonight But um, I was with the uh Lindy and I were with the principal of southside high school last night And she randomly took the opportunity to complement Alex in his communication with her during the weather event because of a leak or whatever the issue was I really didn't get in granular about it But she was very complimentary about him So while she was spotlighting him and while I'm talking about him now I was just so proud of you know my call to Terry was we have to figure out how to you know make some Passages through this community safe and uh, you know some I would say some cage and ingenuity came into place Terry brought out his best operators with front Loaders and and got to work I also want to take opportunity to To thank Glenn Lage A construction It's a construction company that's based here in young'sville if you don't know the name It's they're they're very humble people But if you don't if you don't know the name you you may know it but just from here and a lot of our reports because Because they are here locally they do win a lot of our competitively bid projects But I placed one phone call during the event uh, it's a Glenn Lage A construction and other response was What do you need? How can I help and for you and for young'sville we're glad to rise to the occasion So I want to commend them for coming in augmenting and complimenting Terry's team um, I think the best benefit for the taxpayer of young'sville was the call I received after the event when When they called to tell me that they would not be charging the taxpayer of young'sville for their services that day Um, and I'm bringing it up now because I forgot to I intended to compliment them through through social media like real time as it was happening Uh, by the time I thought of it we were so far removed from the snow at all melted So I want to take the opportunity to thank them now and uh and as an organization while I'm talking about water and infrastructure and things like that now You know internally within the coals help Terry's help Catherine Haley, I mean we we did a we did a Lot of discussion and you know, basically about how we could Be at our best to serve, you know, the constituents of our community in the event that there's ever another event like that so While we while we have more topics about water that we'll discuss Um, if I forget to discuss Besides water. I mean, how could we During covid we stood up a plan very quickly On how to work at home? How to how to how to how to video our city council meetings and all the things like that and how to work from home So it was kind of a good trial run for us to realize like hey, what's still working right? Where do we need to tweak? What do we need to do? We we're now proud to have l us five right here But we knew how we knew what to do in cox on some things We that we did not do in l us just as an example But those are things that We've sharpened our tool with and will be stronger and better positions to serve you Whatever the opportunity Comes next time for us to rise to so thank you all Mr. Voljano Yeah, try to keep it short I want to break the point to Terry, but I want to come in your crew for that as well I think we're I think I'm exceptionally proud to know we have you leading You know, not only that department, but here within the city You know a lot of communities dealt with quite a bit of problems And I feel like we we always I say we you always lead your group to a top-tier operation No matter how small or big it is whether it's barricades water so exceptionally proud of that And then Nick brought up a great point with heart association and the the heart awareness month I think it's a great thing never to get your kids is not never too early to get them involved in understanding The proper procedure when things like that happen and let alone ourselves just to familiarize ourselves Where they aid these are located at You're always looking at a minimum of four to nine minutes before first responders are going to get there And this first five minutes of crucial To get oxygen to the brain so that's a that's a key thing on on saving saving a life And I'm pretty sure that the Healthy Heart Association has a program that the KJDOM I think it's free annually So maybe we can try to get that a date we can publish on the city's website to to get to the residents Um, and then last night Oh, I had the privilege of the mayor judging the YMS talent show I got to attend last year which is where I went to middle school. So it was great to be invited to do that um Very excited to see how much talent we have just here on our own city these kids are super talented whether it was piano they were singing um last year was dancing I believe but there's a lot of a lot of talented kids here Um, and I was proud to to enjoy that that night. I want to say was jalen Uh, they won first place and Oliver the one second one with the piano jacer Honestly That was that blew me away. I was it was it was insane better than anyone I've seen as a grown adult So kudos to him and excited to see where he goes with his uh his musical career Uh, and Oliver had a great voice with his uh rendition of a uh A custom song that they wrote so uh, kudos to them Uh, and then obviously everyone have a safe and happy valentines day and uh, be safe for mordid girl looking just forward to see you all out there Uh, you mentioned barricades barricades are gonna start being dropped out along Along parts of the route next week at some point We have a lot of uh, the our team has a lot of work to do in a short window of time not just limited to Barricades, but it does also coincide with the time that we try to push um Our water bills out which requires a lot of We have an automatic meter reading system, but there's a lot of meters that we have to go and do manually You know just so that manual reading and uh, we also have our debris pickup that week So what we start dropping barricades out we just asked for the public's patience and uh We generally get them picked up pretty quick So um just bear with us and looking forward to seeing everybody at the youngs will mordid girl parade march first at 11 a.m So any other business any other comments before the the council this evening anything from the public All right Mr. Bolgiano motions to adjourns their second mishampon all in favor All right meeting adjourned have a great evening