 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you Mr. Mischidry, please call the roll. Ms. Spares here. Mr. Volgiano. Here. Mr. Romero is absent tonight. Mr. Nyland. Here. Michelle. All right. Thank you, Nicole. This evening I have the privilege of welcoming Superintendent Tuchet to Young'sville Superintendent, welcome. And I know you all have been very busy doing a lot of things across the district, but we're particularly proud of the work that's happening here in our community. And I know you wanted to share some of the highlights with the council in our city. So, Mary and council members, members of the public. First of all, thank you for giving me this opportunity. First I've given all of you this one pager, not for you to look at, but just to kind of just know that you can refer back to it at later time. Something that is very important and all of you know the importance of sales tax and property tax as far as the city government is concerned. The school board in the same sense relies on a lot of this for operational funds. There's a very important tax renewal. It is something that has been passed by the voters of Lafayette Parish for 50 plus years. This is something that is 7.79. It yields about 20 million dollars a year to be able to fund K to 12. It is a renewal that will take place. The election is going to be this Saturday. We've been going through early voting. We have kind of seen that we've had a low turnout. I'm just asking that you guys spread the word again. Look at the facts. And again, I can tell you since I have been the superintendent for the last three years, I have been fiscally responsible and making sure that every single part of what this budget is about is going and putting it place to where it needs to, which is two things. One is putting it into the teacher's hands where we pay more for teachers than anyone in this region. The region goes all the way to Calcabashe Parish. And number two, we're changing the infrastructure that is happening in our school system throughout the district. We have portable buildings. We have things that we just, I just can't believe that a system of this magnitude that we've had when I took over and I can tell you we're changing that landscape and you will see it through some of those different things. But in addition before we get into that, I want to let all of you know that you're invited. I have a superintendent gumball cookoff. It's not tomorrow. It is going to be next Friday. It is in the morning. I know some of you have come last year, but please come by. We have over 40 different vendors that will be cooking. We raise money for all of our schools and it's for teachers and student incentives. And all we do is we take all of this. I think we raised $100,000 last year just in that morning and we took that money and we split it between how many kids we have at those different schools and that's where the money goes. So very good event if you guys have some time to come and stop by. 2002 sales tax is something that it funds helps funds teachers. It is something that teachers are rely on to be able to increase their salaries. We're going to be distributing that to teachers at the end of this month. You can see that amount is $2,908.74. We have a building that we've kind of relocated students. We've actually built another school, the old prairie elementary on Ambassador Café. It's a prime location. You know anyone who is interested in that type of location. I mean, there's I think there's over 20 acres of land right in that area that goes from that corner all the way to the back. In addition to that, LPSS is a Magna Academy. Application is going to be open until December 17th. Our district calendar, anything that is going on, we get ahead of that. That is something that you can also view on our website. You could see that we have really launched and I want all of you to know this and this is what's important to you guys here is that when you are starting to promote the schools within this area. You can go to our website and it's called the LPSS core values. It's stuck right down the front page. You could actually point people to exactly see how the schools and youngsville are rated compared to other schools within this district. You can just go and browse through it and you can say, all right, so how are our middle schools compared to Bruce Ard Middle? How is our high school compared to Como? You can just point people in a direction and that is the transparency that I want to make sure that we have because people are always asking me, where should I send my kids? Here is a shot for you to just look at. We have actually graded our schools based upon those core values which is schools that are safe, schools that have a culture, schools that have opportunities and schools that are actually growing. Those four things is what we actually grade our schools on. Again, you get let it grades from the state but they don't tell you if people are actually being invited and people are being inclusive of a particular school system and that to me is what the partners that I've actually engaged with over a year's time has said that we need to see in schools. So please take some time to look at that. I will tell you that all of your schools in youngsville stand out compared to other schools. Just take a look at it and that's where you can actually go. You can see that we are, we got board approval. Asville is going to be getting an additional wing. We are going to take out all of those portable buildings behind Gaulet and it's going to be, we're going to build another 10 to 12 classrooms with restrooms that are going to the backside. Talk to the mayor about seeing if we have some additional funding. I think I've secured some funding to where we can actually try to get some more of those cars off of the road and get people onto our property. So we do have a plan for that. In addition to that, there are some, some, some much needed things that need to be done in Gaulet. As far as carpet, they're still carpet in those schools. We're tearing all that out. Wallpaper, we're getting all that. Youngsville middle was going to be getting a brand new gym floor also with bleachers. It's a staple of where people go us for as that school. We've done a lot as far as the, the appearance as far as that gym, but we just really need to kind of finish it off with there. And last but not least, I want to kind of come back to you guys and say that. First of all, thank you for granting that variance and getting us into that stadium. Let me just tell you what has happened since you have done that. We have packed that stadium to where we now have a football team that is securing funds to be able to run its own program. And we don't have to worry about our kids going and play in St. Martinville or playing at Como. We have a band that is actually running concession stands that is actually taking in funds and making money. We have people that are coming into this community that are coming into our restaurant so on and so forth. Guys, I will just tell you tonight I'll be at I'll be at Southside. I will be bouncing back from Southside to Lafayette High and Karen Crow at Lafayette Stadium. Having something like that and you guys allowing us to be able to get that thing open. But I did say to you that I would work my tail off to get that parking taken care of. I'm here to tell you that there is going to be a million dollars worth of parking lot that we're going to be adding to take care of the issues that we talked about the last time we came for the variance. So I want you to know that again, all of these different things that we're doing. I am trying to improve. There always needs to be a public choice for a particular city. And I can tell you this right now, you guys have a really good choice. We have great schools here and I can tell you that when we start looking across other school districts that these schools really stand out. So again, thank you guys for again, always allowing me to come and being a part of this. If there's anything that I can ever do, you guys have my number. My own means if you can show up for the the gumball cookoff, we're going to be having our principles and our instructional leaders and I have mayors and I have city council members from all over that are just going to come. And it's it's a good time to be able to show that particular time. We're going to be having our kids from our different magnetic academies playing music. We're going to be selling their art. They're going to be doing a lot of different things. It's just a good time, a half a day and and then we're done at noon as far as that is concerned. So any questions for me on any of these different things. And again, I didn't go over everything, but you can see there's a lot of different things that we're trying to do within the school district. Superintendents, I don't see any any questions from the floor, but thank you sincerely for your leadership, your cooperative spirit. I know that Haley and I interact with you regularly and appreciate everything that you're doing for us and thank you for giving us the update tonight. And if y'all can just excuse me, I'm going to run out. I'm going to go run to Lafayette High and then I'm going to run down here because south side is closer to miles when I finish up. I'll go. Thank you. Thanks for being here. All right. Item 4.1 approval of the September 11th, 2025 meeting minutes. Emotion by Council Member Bolgiano and second by Councilwoman Champagne. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Okay, in the schedule there's no public comment. Please call the roll. Ms. Perez? Yes. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Schultzmann? Yes. Emotion approved. All right. Thanks 5.1 approval of the August 2025 Finance Report. All right. Emotion by Mayor Protin Bolgiano and second by Council Member Barras. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Okay. There's no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Schultzmann? Yes. Ms. Perez? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Mr. Jean Adam 6.1, Mr. Crystal Floors, requesting a variance to section 105-7-3B4 to allow encroachment within the utility easement along very him drive for a proposed building addition located at 115 Gersny Lane. So this is a business expansion which we're thrilled about in our community. So Mr. LaFloor, thank you for being here, sir. Good evening, Mayor Ritter and Council. Thank you for the opportunity to be on the agenda tonight. I'm Crystal LaFloor with industrial safety solutions and with me is our builder, Mr. Obey. ISS has provided safety consulting to the all in gas industry on shore and in the go. Since 2005, we operated out of Chase Tower and LaFeyette till 2018 when our owner Ray Flore has purchased 115 Gersny Lane and moved us there. We've grown significantly in both operations and staff and now need additional office space. According to Remain and Young's Bill, we decided on an addition on the Brahms Drive side of the building. Original interpretation was that we could design the addition to five feet from the property line and began work with Mr. Obey and Mr. Bruce Org. We later learned that our plans would extend approximately five feet into a utility easement which ends ten feet from the property line. We met with Mr. Hutzbeth, Mr. Noel and Ms. Grande to disclose further he was suggested that we request a variance and verify that the utilities are not located beneath the proposed addition. A detailed survey was conducted by Como Engineering page 30 of your packets. Confirms no utilities lie beneath the proposed addition. A fiber optic line runs roughly four feet from the edge of the addition and a waterline runs about eight feet from the edge, neither located under the structure. Accordingly, we respectfully request the variance allowing our addition to extend five point two feet into the utility easement at 115 Gersny Lane. Appreciate your time and consideration and happy to answer any questions. All right. Thank you, Mr. Flore. I know that we took a little bit more of a look at it today. Are there any concerns? There's no other thing to look at. You still, the waterline is still going to be away from the building. My concern is if we ever have to excavate for any kind of leakage or where's adjacent to that footing, how close is it and will it disturb the footing and you have to come up? Yeah, so depth of line, I'm not sure what it is. So the deeper it is, the water you have to go with that opening. But only thing I would say is if we could get a whole harmless as far as far if we do digging, anything's done to the building as far as for the foundation, we would not be responsible because you are within that. I understand. I think that's a reasonable solution. Absolutely. Okay, we certainly want to work with you and probably, I don't think we had, we didn't do any pothole in there to see exactly where we are. Right. I mean, we probably decided on a bonnets accolation if that's okay with you. Ms. Barrest. Or do we know if there are any plans to put any utilities or anything at any point in fair? The city doesn't have, we would just really have water and sewer and we don't have any plans of either in that area. I mean, utility easement does allow, it could be fiber, communications, it could be anything. But I mean, it's up to us to prescribe the width of the easement. Am I correct? That's correct. There's not going to be any plans for sewer. I mean, we already, I mean, it would be really hard to get sewer back to our sewer plant just based on all the coolies it would have to cross. And we already have water and it appears like water is on both sides. So they haven't, so there are, there are corner lot and it appears that the water's on both sides. Okay. And so, so originally everyone thought just the front, but in the other side it's actually in the right away, but you do have a 10 foot utility easement. So I don't see that we would need anything additional, especially in that area. There's, everything is already, it's pretty much for the most part built out, which is why the gentleman needs to add on where he can add on. There's not a whole lot in that industrial area. I don't see anything else as telecommunications. They can bore all of that and that's all small. They don't have to do that. We did check and there is a cocks box. And based upon the location of the cocks box with the water, the water should be pretty deep because otherwise the cocks box would have interfered when we went out there again today to look at that marking. And so I think it must be, it's a minimum of four feet deep there because otherwise the cocks box probably would have hit it. All right, any other comments or questions from the members of the council? All right, Mr. Volgiano. I'll make an emotional move. All right, a motion by Mr. Volgiano. All right, second by Mr. Nile and Ms. Champagne. Yes, ma'am. Is he a provenee with the amendment of the whole harmless? Yes, I think, well, that's good just for us to clarify. Your motion is for us to move ahead with getting a whole harmless. Yes, okay. I'll second to that. Yeah, all right, great question. Any other council comment? Is there any public comment relative to the request? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Mr. Nile and Ms. Champagne. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Thank you and Mr. Flores and the entire team for continuing to do business with us. We're proud to have you guys there. Thank you. We'll appreciate it. We'll appreciate it. We'll appreciate it. We'll appreciate it. Get it done, sir. Thank you. All right, 6.2. Mr. David Robachos requesting a variance to section 107, 9, 4 to allow for a reduction in the driveway with and radius for a proposed apartment building to be located at 110 oceans Boulevard. Mr. Robachos here. Okay. I can share a little bit more context here. Council, this is something that you recently saw earlier this month for plata approval. This is the lot that's directly across from water view apartments on the oceans drive. It's located just to the south of LeBord, therapy. And this is a three-store building. It's 2, 2 and 2, 2, you know, the two apartment units on each floor. On the back of the, on the back of the request of the agenda item 6.2, you'll see the site plan. And on that site plan on Harbor Road or what will be, I think Harbor Road is stubbed out there, but Harbor Road is going to eventually continue on the south side of the Shurmo Pond Lake to kind of loop around to the existing Harbor Drive that's currently off of, can you think of the industry? Sure, Drive. Anyway, the driveway, as you can see in the illustrations, 26 feet. We have an ordinance at the minimum width of a driveway, it's 36 feet, that was driven at the time largely for fire trucks. It was a request of the fire department. But I did speak with Chief Reved, and he indicated that he was fine with the plans as submitted before you. So he's here, can answer any questions on it. I find the request to be reasonable, you know, as well. Ms. Shumpin. Thank you, ma'am. I actually met with the property owner this week out there, so I could get a gist of what he was asking, you know, with our new T&D ordinance. I wanted to make sure that it stayed in compliance with that. My main question was, are we losing any parking spots on the interior? Because this parking lot's going to be in the back of the apartment complex. He said, no, they're not affecting. It's only the entrance to Chief's here is what he stated. Also, AXDM, if he was going to come for any other variances when the building got started, he told me no. And he did say the corner, the corner of the property will be commercial on the corner of oceans, and that's dumb out. That's due to commercial form. So I did meet with him. I moved to pay us the motion. All right, thank you. As a motion by Councilwoman Shumpin. Is there a second on the request? Mr. Bulljano seconds. Any council comment? Is there any public comment relative to the variance? Yes, sir. Chief. I'm going to go away into Chief Rochart. The reason for that audience was the land-striped of our old ladder to our new owners of single access to a turning-to-lash shop that's just like the reason. OK. So maybe something maybe we'll be able to revisit. We will be honest with you. OK, we'll keep that in mind as we look. And normally we can anticipate some of these things when we in pre-development meetings. So if we see that there's any scenarios where 36 maybe a little overkill, we'll keep that in mind. Thank you, Chief. Any other public comment? All right, no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Ms. Shumpin. Yes. Ms. Bulljano. Yes. Motion approved. All right, agenda item 6.3. Mr. John Harvey's requesting two variances for the subdivision of a parcel into two lots located at 100 Eugene Street. The first is the wave section 1104. IB1 to eliminate the requirement of the lot size. And then 2 is to wave section 1104. IB2 to eliminate the requirement of the lot with. Council as you know, there is our subdivision of property requires a 65 foot minimum with, without there being any incentive points that was largely written in the ordinance for large subdivisions of property. But we're using that ordinance as the standard, you know, for any subdivision of one parcel into two. You have approved similar variances within this particular area, which is why we brought it forward for your review and consideration. And I believe Mr. Harvey's here as well, yes sir. Good evening. Thank you for having me here. I think what we're proposing is the best use for this property. I know the city has traffic issues and we certainly don't want to add to that. So we would like to have two lots there so we can build two single family homes. These are two minimal requests and we've had similar ones in the past. Yes sir. You own the property as well. Is it fifth in church? Yes. Okay. And we'll be getting started. No, not very soon. We got our permits last week. Okay. Mr. Bulljohn. The rear of the property is what is such as foster park. The rear of your property but sub to foster park right now. I don't think so. No. I'm sorry. This is the last time when he brought a foot. It's true. Yes. Okay. That was at the well here. Okay. Yes. The proposal in your packet. You can see Mr. Harvey submitted that actually he did give us more than what we would normally have at this stage. I think just from your from previous conversations we've had at council meetings within your packet you can see two iterations of what that there's two single family residences would look like. I mean, do you think parking for two cars? It's a single car but there will be plenty of room so that they're not parking on the street. Right. I guess the driveways it was going to be both entering off a first street or were you going to split them to where it was one of the Eugene and one of the first? Both of them on the first. First. Okay. I have a site plan here as well. If you want to see it. Yeah, sure. Do you got that? Perfect. Awesome. Let me shut mine. Yes, sir. I see the width that you're asking for 60 feet, right? Well, 61 feet on most. Correct. And our norm is 65. This norm. And what are you going to do with the front property? What are you doing with that one? Where you clear in the house or not? We're going to build two houses. One house on each line. Okay. Right. Right now there's nothing on the property. Right. It's made. Nothing on Eugene, but there's still the house on Avenue B. Yeah. Not on this. Not on that portion. Okay. Maybe I'm not figuring out where to start. First street. I saw trees. Yeah. Of course. It's the front. It's not. Okay. It's the front. It's the front. It's the front. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm good. Thank you, Mayor. The property's address on Eugene, but how I would better describe it is if you were driving down first street into foster growth. If you just stay on first street instead of taking the curve and just go straight, it'll be on the right hand side. Okay. I think they need another address, right? They see. I think. Yes. We'll readress it to have both addresses on first. Okay. All right. Thank you. I'll make a motion so I grab the variance. All right. There's a motion by Mr. Volgiano, the second by Mr. Nylon. Any further council comment? That's right. I want to go out to see him. Any public comment? We would welcome any public comment. Yes, sir. You're welcome to come forward. Yes, sir. How are you doing? All right. Thanks for coming. We have concerns about building stuff there because we do have a water issue which I've been dealing with. I even think I'll message you one time about it with old drains. So the more they're going to build off with this light, we're going to start having more problems with water which I've been dealing with for about four years. And they know about it too because I've been calling and stuff. And there's just, it needs to be tended to, I believe. They cut the trees down on that other life I was talking about. That's where that drain is busted. A lot of that water from the neighbor supposed to be going that way. But I've been taking care of that grass and forcing that water to go to them other drains in the front. And it gets deep. You think that this could be resolved by by the grading of the property. I don't think so because of the way the drains are in the color. He can't terror came over that guarantee within four years. He knows he came now bunch. And I keep getting an answer and they don't get in touch with me. He can tell you how many times I call. Yeah, that's where we don't have a servitude. I guess they laid pipe years ago in between the lots. And there was no servitude ever done that actually comes across and then it ties in from Eugene to the channel next to the park. So it's between the drain street and Avenue. Yeah, yeah, and I mean that water will fill up to the top of the covers. And the property they trying to show with him. There should be an easement. That's the thing we kept dealing with. Remember, there should be an easement. If they got to do any work, that's the problem I kept having. Let me ask this. Would. Is would an easement be beneficial on this lot? I'm going to pull up this property just to understand it better. Any anywhere as there's old drainage that we don't have an easement if we can get one. Yeah, I'm saying the problem is years ago that it either the state or somebody ran pipe in there. It was obviously not a home on the putt because it's big pipe. Yeah, that was a big deal. But there's no servitude. We look through the I mean everything we could think of to see about servitude. And it's just old catch basins pipe that that's just, you know, yeah, it's made out of bricks. And then trees they just cut them trees down that guy in the lot. So all that's open now. Mayor on the plat, the drain the drainage and let's all show on the plat. It shows kind of how the the drain if you go to the. I see. So you can get on right along one of two. It's all on it's on Mr. Henry. Every time. Yeah, what's going on with my wife? I said they got to have a yeast and put a easement. You can't go on nobody's property. Well, let me ask that can be a platform. Let me ask this if we. I'm tearing. I have a dread have talked about this and our limitation. I'm sure has these explain to you. It's hard. It was about having an easement. But I'm I'm curious now. I mean, let's take the opportunity to get a proper drainage easement. Yeah, because that house that's so in the first house that's in the harboring. You know what we're talking about. They have a lot of problems. Yeah, but we're trying to cross here. Yes, sir. Yeah, that shouldn't be an issue. We don't plan on building on that. That's just a part of the back. Yeah, can I come up there? Yeah, please. Yeah, that. That's all. That's all that. It's on another lot over here. So it's on them. On the tree. Yeah, the whole lot. A lot of deal with that house. But all that water has to come here. He probably seen it already, where he's seen by kept the grass out. That's where all that water flows. Is it a lot that of. And then we got your structure. I can't the rear of the self. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. They cut all of it. No, it's on the side. So it would be a little. So it's on my back, maybe. Back here. But in the. So. So. I told you. I told you. I'm. Yes. Yes. Yes. If. If y'all. If y'all would allow, we have a civil engineer that I can. We have two. So. Three. Several. Yeah, our limitation is just that. And we just can't work where there's not proper use with this. But if we can solve that as well, Pam. Correct. So I would. Item number 12, when it's going to come to plow approval, says that any additional easements, that's our standing any additional easements that may be required as we're looking at the. But if we see, because right now, if it is something that has to be fixed or if it has to be moved right now, it's at an angle. So we would request an easement to where public works would be able to get in at an angle. But it may be one of those things where let's look at where the issue is. And if you're having to fix the issue, it may be one of those where we straighten it out while we're at it to be able to hug. So I think that if you guys give us that, you know, if Mr. Henry, as a condition of his plat, one of the things is to consider is that we need to take care of that drainage. But we have to also have the proper easements as it moves forward because it's not going to do any good for the two new houses more for the general. So it sounds like it's an opportunity to fix something that we have not been able to fix in the past. Mr. Hargrave, if we take a look at that, Pam's absolutely right. This is what we consider preliminary. Well, this is a variance request and then we would get into the into the preliminary. And we have a preliminary plat as the next step. And she's absolutely right. It's no different if we're doing like a 68-year development. We there has to be a little bit of a study. And before we actually follow the recording of the subdivision. Yeah, because see, I was actually cutting that grass and keeping that part up so that water can come out. Now, I know he owns it. Now, now I know who he is. I don't want nobody to come over and say, what you doing, you know. Right. I'm actually doing what I'm doing. Yeah. What's the reason why I'm doing what I'm doing? So the house that's on the corner where they're doing a lot of the clear and they just cut some trees. I mean, that that this easement, we potentially may need to get it. So, so I guess what I'm saying, if it's the council's desire to move ahead. When we get to the preliminary plaid comments, we may need a condition at only getting a plaid or getting an easement from the adjacent property owner as well. That property just sold. It's a local owner that's renovating that property. So, because the easement on this one piece is by itself, and going to do anything probably, right? Not the whole thing, correct. It would help, but it wouldn't be entirely. Well, and if one person gets everybody gives it, you just have that one. I mean, again, it makes it best for everybody if we can fix it. And if there's a trade agent or a trade in jesusman, in order to do that. Okay. Mr. Houghgrave, any other concerns besides just the drainage. I know you've been looking for resolution on that. Yeah. Okay. All right. Any other public comment? Thank you, sir. Any other public comment? All right. So before you, council is a request for the variance of minimum lot with. I guess you all want to, they're both hand in hand. I mean, is the, we do them together. Let's vote to do them together. The motion in the second was already done. If we're okay with public comment. All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on the variance. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Ms. Carlos. No. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nile. Yes. Motion approved. All right. All right. So now we can move into the preliminary plaid public hearing. 7.1's request for preliminary plaid approval of a petition of lot seven a block nine creating lot seven a one seven a two four John Harvey located in section 79 T seven s R three e. And then we can move into the council and your packet. Gen I'm seven point one. There's a, there's a letter from a Garrett to you reviewing it. Pam or Garrett, you want to tell us you. Any main council. Before you is a preliminary plaid to sub the binding, assisting lot at 100 Eugene Street into two parcels. And some divisions depended on the approval. You just did on allowing single play homes be placed there now that they can be placed there. We can move forward with the spot. Because of its size, it doesn't need an ADRC review from us. Gene. So it's done in house. Now we have a few comments before we approve the plot. And as mentioned earlier, we can also include a comment to set up a drainage easement on the western property lines. Yeah, to come inside with existing drainage. Yeah, I agree with that. Any questions on Garrett's review in the comments there? Any questions? All right, Garrett, thank you. So there is Garrett outline if you choose to move forward. Please make the motion with the recommendation of the letter from Garrett, including. A drainage easement on the western side of the property. What's the pleasure of the council? Mr. Nylon. I'll make a motion for the included, including the drainage easement on the west side of the property. All right, thank you. All right, motion by Councillor Renille and second by Councillor Bulls-Giano. Any further council discussion? Any public comment relative to the subdividing of these two parcels or one parcel into two? All right, there's no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Faras? No. Mr. Bulls-Giano? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Ms. Schampons? Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you, Mr. Harvey. And we'll work with you with the next steps, sir. Thank you. All right, resolutions 8.1's resolution 2025 23 a resolution. Authorizing the mayor to enter into an intergovernmental cooperative endeavor agreement with the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development. For the transfer of the ownership, operation and maintenance of a portion of state highway LA 92, one known as Young Street from its junction with the local road known as La Riviera road preceding east approximately 0.2 miles to the city of Young'sville corporate limits. Just to give you a little greater context on this, this is as you know, and as we've shared with the public before, we are the recipient of a grant award to fund a roundabout at this intersection. This is the four-way stop sign where the flash in red light is. It's at the city limits of Bruce Hard and Young'sville. So this is where Young'sville and Bruce Hard have an opportunity to work together and build. The build around about here with it 80% funded by the DOTD. The request here before you is whenever if you go to the east of that intersection, it is a state road today, if east of the bridge. So the city of Young'sville has the bridge at that intersection, but if you go east of there, it's a state road, which if it remains a state road, we're going to have a lot more red tape. To go through relative to the design and the approval process for this intersection. So what we're requesting is to take local ownership of that 0.2 miles from DOTD. And there is provisions where we would receive funds in exchange for it that are outlined in here. So we would have a $165,092 for that 0.2 miles. So basically we would take ownership of the road in exchange for $165,000. We would use that money to put towards road improvements since we'll need a 20% match as this grant goes further along. Councilman Shampa. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you, ma'am. All right. Second from Councilman Barraz. Any council discussion? Any public comment? No public comment in the schedule. Please call the vote on the resolution. Mr. Bollgiano. Yes. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Miss Shampa. Yes. Miss Barraz. Yes. Motion to approve. All right. 8.2 is resolution 2025-24. A resolution authorised in the mayor of the city of Young'sville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement and all necessary documentation between the Louisiana Department of Treasury. State of Louisiana and the city of Young'sville to an appropriation from Ag 461 of the 2025 regular legislative session for road improvements. This is basically just the paperwork shuffle. We received 250,000 from State Senator Brock Meyers at the during this most recent legislative session. It's a direct appropriation that I've requested in the funds will be used for road improvements. So this is for to facilitate that process. Mr. Bollgiano. All right. Thank you, sir. Miss Shampa. All right. Thank you. Any council comment? Any public comment? All right. No public comment. Miss Gidry. Please call the vote. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Miss Shampa. Yes. Miss Barraz. Yes. Mr. Bollgiano. Yes. Motion to approve. Okay. Ordinance is for public hearing and final adoption this evening. We have two. Agenda item 9.1 is ordinance 498 2025 in ordinance of the city of Young'sville, Louisiana. Aminning the code of ordinances chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments. Councilman Shampa. Thank you, Mayor. I'll motion to approve. But in saying that I would like to thank everyone that's been involved in getting this ordinance out has taken. Three or four months for us to get it together. We have we've had several meetings with the developers. And I think we've come to a very good document. You know, we've we've looked at what was important to everyone. So I want to thank Nicole and the mayor and Pam for getting together on this on this ordinance to help with the TND. And I think we've all we've all compromised a little bit, which is a good thing. So I think it's become a very good document. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you. Second. All right. And second by Councilmember Volgiano. I'll just add that Councilman Shampa brought I think a good start to the ordinance for introduction. And through the process, you know, in talking to all some of the stakeholders, I do think that this addresses a lot of the initial concerns that we had. The frame of mind that I looked at it through is if we have the opportunity to have another TND in the city of Youngsville, I felt it was important to document our knowledge to have just as a footprint of best practices or hopefully now in the case of an ordinance of how we should approach a new TND in the future. In my perspective, this particular ordinance tonight, as it's before you for adoption, does a couple of things. One, it maintains developer creativity, which I think is important because to do a development of this magnitude really takes some creativity, some heavy lifting on the terms of a developer coming here. And I think that the strengthens the Council's oversight because what we're asking for here is that every plat that comes before us is really tied to the master plan, recognizing that the master plan may still be subject to change. But through the process of referencing the master plan during each plat approval, I think it also gives our residents more opportunity to be engaged in the process. We're approving individual pieces of what could be a future TND will always have what that master plan vision was before us just to make sure that the concept is still staying there while it does have some adjustments for market conditions. So those I think are the three wins for I think it maintains design control to the developers, strengthens the Council's oversight and their role and it also allows the residents the opportunity to be more engaged each phase of the process. And it'll start off with a review of the TND's master plan. So I know that there's some talk or some concern about are we going to have another one Bailey Grove 1600 houses potentially you saw all that headlines. What we saw that night keep in mind was really just the conceptual the concept of the master plan. So should they decide to move forward as a traditional neighborhood development the first step would be they would come back will go through the master plan again and then individually each each phase of the plat approval. So I also want to thank some home and the developers for their for their voice on the process. So is there any council comment or any public comment. Yes. I just want to thank I'm sorry I lost my voice. I just wanted to thank this strong buying for not only doing this which helped the residents of sugar melt pond. She involved the joy board in it. She made sure that we were kept in the loop every step any changes thoughts. So I just want to thank the staff for the fact that they were able to set us down and gave us a voice to tell her like what some of our concerns are. And she took that and ran with it. So we appreciate you very much for doing that into the you know for the whole council getting together and tweaking it. And then I want to thank the developers to the developers after talking to Jordan a couple of times about things that you don't really think about when you're reading it it sounds. But then you got to tweak a little bit. So I appreciate your hard work because I know it was it was a lot of hard work and a lot of time from all of you. Getting it to where it needs to be. So thank you. The patch at the park by the way. I'll give you a little recap. How about I will yield some of my time to announcements for you to tell us about it. Is there any other public comment relative to the adoption of the ordinance? All right Nicole please call the roll. May I jump in? Yes. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Potion of food. All right. Thank you. 9.2 ordinance 397.1 2025. In ordinance a mini chapter 107 commercial development requirements section 107. Five architecture to revise the acceptable building materials for exterior walls. Motion by councilmember Nylon and second by councilman Barras. I didn't bring it down but I think everybody at the introduction saw one of the building materials that we're going to. With the adoption of this ordinance will be an acceptable building material. Excited to share depending upon your direction tonight we have potentially our first project along the Stimimitary Parkway that's going to be using that design. That material for the exterior. All right any public comment. All right if there's no public comment misguidry please call the roll. Miss Barrett. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. All right thank you Nicole. Let's see Pam you want to go first on your projects. And then we'll go a Susan. Chief if you have anything. Okay we'll do that. Thanks. Okay on the 2024 roadway improvements we have been patching along highway 92 and striping throughout the city and that work should be complete by next week. Highway 89 we are working on the west side curbing inlet tops trying to finish this select fill and then we will be asked for all these two lanes on the west side. Fortune road next Monday we will start the last arm of the roundabout which should take about three months weather permitting and knowing that we have holidays start in six weeks. Highway 92 the left turn lane projects that advertised yesterday we will bid on November 12th. And we hope to bring that to the council for approval next month because we'll bid it before then and have everything ready. Shime Agriyap same thing it advertised yesterday. Bids November 12th and we hope to bring that forward. And we have a lot of people who are on the road that are moving along nicely the side drainage were at south side high school on the east side. So that's moving pretty fast. We still want to make sure that everybody knows it is southbound only. People you know there are people who still go around the cones and the many road signs and go northbound we'd appreciate it if everybody could still go southbound only. Around about 80% complete with design. Anzalum detention pond is who detention pond was to wait on the core permit I will give them a couple more weeks and then I think I'm going to. Access the congressman. We're really needing a core permit for that you have to for the outfall it's really yes you we had to have it on all the other ones but on our detention ponds we had to get one. Most of what it's called is it's a no permit required because we are above the normal water line and we are not we are impacting less than a tenth of an acre of wetlands but you still have to go through the process and we waited months on them to agree on our. Environmental wetlands jurisdictional that said we were not going to impact so first they had to prove it so we had to call the congressman's office to to nudge the lady who was ignoring Lucas and that got her nudged. And so then they immediately said okay so submit the no permit required paperwork which we did and I think it's time I'm going to have to have that congressman I'm sure you all have seen this video so they just might need a nudge here is another one bureaucracy but. Part of what you have to do again we did it on all the other ones that happened quicker yeah this has just been very slow it's been a year. That we've been working with the same individual and part of the excuse was that they were on a freeze of being able to travel so she couldn't come out to approve the wetlands or lack thereof. Can't make this up here highway 89 phase two we're about 30% complete with that design on phase two and that's all I have I'll take any questions. Phase two where highway 89 okay you face to yes going south towards gripping yes yes one thing I want to underscore that Pam said the work on the fortune arm of the round about is going to require closure of that intersection. But only it's not going to impact young so highway traffic right it's just going to impact turning on to fortune from 89 from 89 and then fortune you're just you just need to go west on fortune. If you live on fortune don't try to go east to highway 89 you will be able to access the gas station you will not be we have to we have to concrete that we have 300 feet remaining so we're not talking about a long amount but we have to finish that last arm of the round about so. So we'll put out the communication on that tomorrow just want to give everybody a heads up about it and the round about is massive but it's not being we're nowhere near its design use now you want to talk about that because I've had a few questions about. Is it one lane is it two lanes like what's going on once you're in the round. Correct so it is going to be a two lane round about it is striped you know because when we got the striper out there we striped it all but the contractor has coned and barricaded to get people to use one lane. However there's some of the areas we had to transition just because it's two lanes but it's meant to have two lanes coming into it southbound two lanes going into it northbound so you know you're going to have four lanes on highway 89. So without that there are some things that appear to be off centered there are some things that kind of. Appeared to people that it doesn't make as much sense so we're trying with the cones to be able to direct people so for instance when you come off with fortune you turning right to comes out it is an interesting turn but that's because. You're turning into what will become northbound lanes and won't be southbound lanes so it the round about when they poured the concrete they did do the whole thing but until we're finished with all these lanes it does appear that you know for some you know that it's that it's an accident where you happen as some people say but if you just follow the cones and you stay within the cones we wanted to make sure that the 18 wheelers delivering gas and everything has. Enough room to go around which is why we've left it wide so once you see the other lanes and everything is all it will make a lot more sense and it won't feel so wide because there will be multiple course that are going to be going through at the same time. So just proceed with caution if you're going 35 miles an hour like you're supposed to in the intersection and all through the whole construction site then it's a lot easier but when you go on 45 or 50 you know just please be careful as people comment any questions but that I do have schematics of the turn lanes if anybody's interested on e smilting I'm happy to share after the meeting. Any other questions all right thanks Pam Susan. So on the wastewater plant we do have a notice to proceed effective Monday October 13th and they need to be complete by October of 2022. The water plant we were supposed to have a start up this week that they needed some more time to tweak some things so we're hoping within the next two weeks we'll have a start up and then we're still working on the two pump station upgrades awaiting funding. That's it. That's it that's it. Council I didn't make a copy for you yet but I will before you leave we were given October 1st the notice from LUS that our wholesale water rates going up 46.2% 22% of it's going to be January 1st the second 20% is going to be January of 2027. I share that with you because I because I don't think I know the news of us coming online with our water plant is is is at a good time and Susan and I and our team have had a lot of discussions about what we can do to further accelerate our service area. We've been strategic on how we brought improvements to you from doing the first population projection and 2017 so we still have more water improvements beyond this plant coming online those future improvements will enable us to service more footprint of the city. I think based on the rate increase I think it's incumbent upon us to look at ways that we can accelerate those opportunities to being controlled more of our destiny and we have stuff that's designed today we have interconnections that are designed we have an elevated water storage tower that's designed today that we've been just strategic about how we wanted to implement due to funding and just to gradually increase our service footprint so it's a good time to it's a good time for our own plant to come online one day not day one when the plant starts when you measure everything's working right but then over the few weeks beyond that we'll be able to enlarge our service footprint today. We do have our own water plant it just services a small footprint the initial village of Youngsville back in the early or back in the 90s the decision was made by the leadership then that it was going to be more cost effective for then the town of Youngsville to buy water wholesale. And that strategy was the best decision at the time it worked well when we came into office we wanted to look down the road literally figuratively and I'm glad we did because now we're on the cusp of really being in charge of our own destiny relative to water because it is becoming more of a precious commodity if you will particularly in light of the rate increases but on as soon as we enhance our service footprint we're going to be serving about seven years. Seven times more population with our plant than we are servicing today on our plant so our plant will be the more dominant one in precinct so I'm going to share this with you because as we go forward I don't know how I don't know what we'll have to do with our own water rates to be able to absorb this but we'll take a look at it and come back to you with some recommendations. I don't think we'll be able to absorb an entire 22% increase on January 1st and then another 20% on January 1st but we'll take a look at that the service area that we have our plants is service more and come back to you with some recommendations. Any questions? All right Susan, thank you and Alex just stepped out as well but I know Alex and Terry they've been working hard on this as well so I appreciate them. What's that? Would you come in online? What? The water plant? Next couple weeks. Tim. Oh, sorry. On the sport program inside, a Delt's all fall beach volleyball, indoor volleyball, F&A, flight football and Southside use soccer all continue. Southside use soccer will have their Halloween habit tournament October 24th through the 26th. Our girls volleyball into the season tournament will be this weekend then all story valuations and all store teams will begin practicing. Bitty basketball is registering right now and all the tennis programming continues. The Rec Center, all the pickleball leagues, Council on Agent and Free Play continuing. Arca Cookoff will have their cookoff at the Rec Center parking lot on Saturday October 25th and then the VFW cookoff will be at the Rec Center parking lot Saturday November 1st. So things that going on at Foster Park out of the darkness, suicide walk will be this Saturday and due to that the Chamber's Farmers Market will be in the open area at the expansion. This Saturday and return the Foster Park on Saturday November 8th and then Councilman Nileans Healthy Kids running series continues and it will continue this Sunday. The new expansion we just had the rotary patch the part national national night out. We have the San Wellness Yoga Festival which will be Saturday October 18th and then Bonton our Savius Church will have a harvest festival which will be October 31st from 6 to 8 at the expansion. And then the aluminum fence in you'll see start to go up which we will make the inclusive play set safer for the children to play there and the funds for that are coming directly from the Lions Club, you know for the inclusive play set. Questions for Tim. Jennifer you want to tell it. Oh yeah. Councilman Nilean. I'm going to. Is it it's going to be locked at no it's not going to be closed and gated. All right. Yeah. So patch of the park was a hit this year. Other than the rain the rain kicked in around two. We had some vendors kind of pack up and leave and this and that but it was a it was a huge hit we had 82% of our active Rotarians volunteered their time which is an all time high of volunteers from our club. We raise we profited I should say a raise 34,000 dollars so $7,000 more than last year. We were kind of nervous about that since last year was the opening we were kind of scared that we may not reach that number because we had a lot of people from like the Lions Club doing their thing opening the playground and then we had the sports for all was there there was a lot of things going on. We we we we did a geofence. And we had approximately 3000 people attend. So we're very, very excited about that increased. We are able to fund. All of our projects for next year already. So we right you know like like I said 34,000 dollars. We gave away $15,000 a Sunday on the stage to our grant recipients. I think we had a total of 12 11 11 grant recipients of varying amounts. And then that also funds our scholarship program for May is already funded. So whatever we do on our pick of all tournament. We're going to find another project. But it went great. Kudos to Tim and his staff. They were excellent. If they were so fantastic helped us out tremendously. Make sure everybody got there. Make sure everybody was taking care of extra trash cans because we had some donated from waste management and they just kept blowing away in the wind. So the weather got us. But other than that, we had a fantastic turnout. And couldn't be happier with the results. Congratulations. Thank you. To the rotary and thank you all for your involvement in the in the community and all the investment back into the local projects and scholarships. See Chi for Terry. With a great turnout for national running out out. I'd like to thank all the vendors and the supporters and local agencies that came to assist. Thank you. Thanks, Chi. Haley. Okay. Well, as Tim mentioned, farmers market. Just a reminder, it is this Saturday. We are going to be just outside of the entrance to the sports complex expansion in that grassy area. So there will still be access to a playground and restrooms right there next to the farmers market. So please come out and support our vendors and the chamber. I also want to highlight a couple of other chamber events that are going to be taken place on October 25th is the fall boutique crawl from 10 to 4. So basically it's an opportunity to go and visit all of our boutiques and shops around town. And so please go and look for more information on the chamber website. We will be there to help you to get the opportunity to come out and enjoy us as we go and say thanks to our boutiques for choosing Young'sville to have their business. Also on October 29th is going to be the sweet life after five business networking event. So I encourage you all to come out, meet our local businesses, come and say hello to our chamber members and network with everyone. It is going to be at agave. Swinging for the sweet life golf tournament is on Friday, November 14th. We still are looking for teams to register. So if you want to come out and place some golf that day out at the. The ocean. LaVotion. Yes. Couldn't remember. Come on out to the country club and swing some golf clubs with us. And also one thing that I wanted to bring up is on Saturday, October 25th. We are doing a Halloween costume party. Pups out at the bark park. So if you are a permanent holder for the Young'sville bark park, you should have received an email. But there is also more information on the sports complex website. So it is a place to register for the part for the costume contest. And the party is the same place where you purchase your bark park permit. So go on there, register. It's $10 to enter per pup. And obviously the public is welcome to come and join and see all of the adorable dogs in their costumes. Thank you, Hailey. Any announcements from the council? Mr. Bulljanna. I just wanted to give another shout out and appreciation. Hailey and Tim Josh for the phenomenal job for the long day of concert. I knew that was really just a gamble for us. I think as Mayor Wilson did when we had the expansion of the complex years ago. And we did the same thing with the amphitheater. And to see the first event there live and in place was just second to none. We were commanded by her staff. And all of the management team to see how much our facility was just top notch and how everything was operated. So kudos to them. And we appreciate that. Looking forward to the next concert. Lastly, I've been in talks with Sarah, Governor Landry's regional director. Just discussing the road condition of the Giat road or how it is on South to Piot. The discussion we had a few years ago was us taking an ownership of it. But we weren't going to do that under the current condition and how poor it was. I submitted an email to her and been in discussions just how poor of the roads deteriorated since then. Not only for emergency responders, but the entrances into all the neighborhoods off of that roadway. She's working with them to get the funding in place, hopefully at the end of this year. And to next year's budget year that we can try to get that going before we would want to take ownership of that. So trying to continue those conversations to hopefully get that accomplished for the next budget year. Great. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, Giat's just south of Gofresh is a state road. So yeah, I appreciate that coordination. Miss Champagne. Yes, thank you, Mayor. Can you talk a little bit about the Bennett dedication on November 1st? I'll be prior to our next meeting. And I know Mr. Miller was supposed to be here tonight, but yet another engagement. Yes. Happy to. Miss Champagne is correct on November 1st in conjunction with the VFW cookoff for our local VFW chapter. A group of local citizens, veterans have come together to create a memorial, create a monument, a guest of memorial. At the Youngsville Sports Complex Recreation Center outside of that space. Stephen Bennett is the only recipient in Youngsville of the Medal of Honor, which is extremely prestigious. It was awarded to him after his death because of the sacrifice he made in the Vietnam War. So through the years his names come up a couple of times. I know he was one of the names that was mentioned for the naming of Southside High School. When the school board was considering names for that school. So we have, I think, Haley has one outside here. Yes, so when you leave here into the lobby, we have a flyer for posted also to the entrances of City Hall. And I think there's some around town. And I posted it on the city's Facebook today as well. Okay, so it's also on the city's Facebook page today. So great tribute for a selfless man that did a lot. I know they put a lot of work into it. As you said, I think maybe family members of the person that survived. It was a plain accident. We'll be in attendance as my understanding. So that's on November 1st and at 10 a.m. I believe at 10 a.m. Yeah, great opportunity there to honor our vets because it's going to be right near the VFW gumbo chili cook off the same day. So thank you, Simone. That's a great, great catch. There's two things I want to share if there's no other council announcements. One is I want to congratulate Garrett. Garrett Noel has just received his PE designation. That's a professional engineer. He's a graduate civil engineer for several years, but in order to get the PE designation behind his name, he's had to do additional study and coursework and work under the supervision of other engineers. So we're proud of him. Garrett serves as our floodplain manager and he also reviews commercial plans and force here at the city. He's involved in the residential plan review process too. So Garrett, congratulations. And then one additional comment I wanted to make about 89 and ask you to comment on. I'll share it with people that have asked, but if you know, if you hear anybody asking about highway 89 young so highway, we reopened it in their seven. I count them every time I go down the street seven speed bumps, if you will. The reason is simple. The reason is because there still needs to be a final lift of asphalt on that road. So I was anxious to get the road open again for the public. And part of that is just keep them on the road is still under construction. Why couldn't we do that final lift of asphalt? We the contractor and the engineers want to do the final lift of asphalt across all four lanes of young so high at the same time. In part the reason is the striping that's there today is temporary when you have two way traffic striping is yellow. And so that's temporary when we when we striped to open the full road. Rather than going through an exercise of sandblasting the striping off, it'll be a final lift of asphalt and then the final striping. So yes, we know that there's bumps there. It's temporary. Just as we talked about that round about that intersection is definitely not being used. It's it's full potential. So any other announcements from the council. All right. There's no other business as there are motion to adjourn. All right. Mission on pine motions second by Mr. Nylon. All in favor. Meeting adjourn. You'll have a great evening. Thank you.