 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you CPR and save the gentleman's life. Without his training being a former firefighter and also EMT, that gentleman wouldn't be here today. So I'd like to present this life-saving award, false or shane ashram. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Ms. Leonard would also like to follow up some information. Thank you guys for allowing us this moment to recognize the officer that did such a great job. I'm sure you guys have the two medics here that joined him on the call. So adding to Broussards words on Wednesday, June 18, 2025 at 9.59, the crew of 12.16, paramedic Tanner Shipley, an EMT Kyle Domingue, responded to a report of a 29-year-old male who had been electrocuted and was in and out of consciousness. Youngsville Police Officer Shane Asura arrived on scene and found the patient unresponsive, not breathing and without a pulse. Officer Asura immediately started CPR. Working seamlessly alongside our first responder partners, the crew of 12.16 continued recessive efforts. Thanks to their rapid, coordinated response and unwavering focus, the patient regained a pulse after just 13 minutes. During transport, he began showing purposeful movement, becoming more alert and responsive to medics. Remarkably just three days later on June 21, 2025, the patient was discharged home from the hospital with no neurological deficits. This outcome is a direct reflection of exceptional teamwork, swift clinical decision making, and a steadfast commitment to patient care under pressure. The actions of all involved exemplify the highest standards of free hospital emergency medicine. Thank you for your efforts. I know. Yeah. What you have is my first verse. The medics requested that they would present officer Asura with pills. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. We also would like to present awards to Young'sville Fire Department. Do they have any representatives here tonight? The firefighters that were there that night that day were Captain Sean Steley, engineer gauge barrier. Firefighter Mark Grimiel and firefighter Mani Mani. Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you chief for bringing that forward. And on behalf of the council and myself, thank you to all the first responders. We are certainly blessed in this community to have the brave men and women of the police department, our fire department and also a cadian to be there for us. One of the things I was really eye opening to me in working with the fire department was the role that they play in this as well. And often it is police that is fire that are there on the scene to help with a cadian's effort. So collectively proud of everyone. So thank you all so much. And also one acknowledge is Taylor here with a cadian by chance. We have a new yes, Taylor. And also one of the things that we have a new VP of operations. Thank you. My name is Taylor Reachard. I'm the regional vice president for Louisiana West. I've been with the cadian for 15 years. I live here locally in the parish. So thanks for all your warm welcome. Again, been a part of the team. I was in the training division for our national immense academy before, but stepped into this role to be a part of the team. So again, thank you for your talk today and recognizing the our full force of team coming together to save someone's life. Yes, sir. You're congratulations on the new role as well. Thank you. On the promotion. Thank you. Yes, sir. All right. Also this evening we have our Lafayette parish council member, Mr. Ken Stansbury from district three, to give the citizens of Youngstville a parish update. Welcome back there. Oh, great to be back. Thanks mayor. Thanks council. Have some great news to share with y'all. Recently we the parish approved 400,000 for the South Arabiaire project. When I ran, I ran on, you know, these intergovernmental agreements where a team work, we work together to get progress done in the parish. So this is an example. We are going through budget right now. So I'm hoping, I'm hoping we'll see if we can get a little bit more. So thank you. Nicole, thanks for your help. I really appreciate it. But that's really all I have to any questions from me while we're going through budget at the parish level or. Any questions for council member Stansbury? Well, Ken, I want to thank you. I mean, you've been on full circle with the LaRiviaire project. I know Pam will give us an update later in the meeting about that project. But it excites me to drive down and see the progress on that road. And they're making some great progress in the work that's taken place so far. And I think that's the reason why I think that road collectively with the parish's help and the years of grants, the grant process is going to provide such a valuable safe route north south artery for our citizens, particularly to the 1800 kids that attend Southside High School. But not just that. I mean, as we're expanding Youngsoe Highway, the traffic has opportunity to disperse now, whether it's on the Fairfield extension, whether it's on Iberia Street to LaRiviaire. If you want to bypass the downtown area here of our community. So thank you. You know, we're often told, you know, we're not doing enough road projects, but we have several under construction now more to come. So thank you for the partnership. Your colleagues on the council and also mayor president, Boulay. We appreciate the teamwork. Well, thanks for your leadership in this and thanks to the council. Yes, sir. Thank you. I also want to just acknowledge this evening council member, Jordan Arson, who is here visiting us from the city of Karen, on the back row there. So join, enjoy working with you in your, in your capacity in Karen, Crow. So thanks for being here with this this evening. All right, other business 6.1. We have a variance request for the sign ordinance for Wendy's, which will be located at. I don't know that this is the right address. Yeah, once you're in the mettery parkway, we can ignore the, ignore the address there. Believe me, Stacy Landry might be here representing the sign, yes, Miss Landry, you may come forward. Council members in your packet, I think the request is pretty straightforward. The trademark, Wendy's face is being requested to be on two sides of the building, which is in addition to the front sign. That's what's before each night for consideration, Miss Stacy. Yes, hi, Stacy Landry with deep south signs here to represent Wendy's. We're asking for three signs, one to be on the, for an elevation and two of the logos, the, um, look, cameo to be one on each side, the left and the right elevation. That's Wendy's son package. We have downsized the signs almost as small as we can get. Yes. The front elevation, the Wendy's is 29.53 square feet. The, the logos on each side, which is 13.27 square feet. Those are measuring 45 and a half inches in width and 42 inches in height. Do you all have any questions? Thank you. Stacy, any questions from the council? I will agree that there's been numerous iterations from the sign company and the, the, the leadership of the, the franchise company with our office. We're going to be able to put it in this posture to present you today. And I know the community's excited about, about Wendy's coming and we're grateful for has of foods. Interesting developing here. Mr. Romero. No, I know we've made the variances to signs and stuff similar with the little logo with the dead space. So I'll make a motion to approve said variances. I'll just move on to the next question by council member Romero. All right. Second by council member Bolgiano. It's open for council discussion. Yes, miss miss. Let's see. Hang on a second, please. But not a problem. Okay. Miss Shumper. What about the monument? Yes. That's also what I want to go over. So the monument that we have proposed. Actually, we're again, downsized from our original. We've downsized it twice. So the monument is a six and a half feet and width. And the total overall height is seven foot, leaving a one foot base. So on my calculations, which the city did get different calculations. So the cameo. I have across the width is three point. I'm sorry. Three feet, three inches. And the height is two foot, three inches, three and a half inches. So when you calculate those measurements, I got seven point four or five square feet. The monument itself, that says Wendy's. I have 24 point one square feet. And the total area of the sign calculations is 31 point five four four two five. If we get down to the nitty-gritty. And if you also want to add the base, the one foot base. If you add that, that total is 38 point. 04 square feet. Had you said a one foot berm? Because the drawing says two feet, two foot berm. I was talking about the base of the song. So it's two foot berm, one foot base. Yes. The berm itself doesn't count. No. Yes, you know. Was the square footage allowable for a monument? I'm sorry. 36. No, I believe it's, is Gary. I think it believes it's 30 when it's less than 50 foot frontage. So this one's one and a half feet over. Okay, thank you. You're welcome. Are there any further council discussion? Yes. I think it's open for public comment. If anyone would just address the council relative to the variance that's being proposed this evening. Yes, ma'am. What about your drive through signage? Drive through signage. Okay. So. We will have our apologize. I've been out in the job field for the past two days on construction sites. So I just had enough time to shower and then head over here. So on the left elevation. I apologize. I'm sorry. Help maybe the maybe I can help answer the drive through when you, you know, like McDonald's and all they have the drive through. Yes, you may go through the. You go through the and place your outside those signs. I was like the menu board. Yeah, menu board. Okay. Thank you. The menu board. You'd like to see the menu boards? Sure. Well, those have to be in compliance also. And I do see where you also have signage over. Over the doors. I see. There is a sign over the door. There's a delivery pick up. When says pick up. When says. We're going to sign over compliance over the door and ask for a fair. Because we were in compliance. Everything was good. So all those are taken into consideration also. Garrett with the number of signs that they can have. So you can go through the. Okay, thank you. All right. Is there any further public comment? All right. Miss Gidry, please call the vote on the variance. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Michelle Pine. Yes. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you for your time. It's been a pleasure working with. With Hasa and also. I know I didn't have any direct communication with you. But through the team we appreciate it. We know you went through multiple iterations. And we were grateful for the opportunity to have you in our community. Well, we're excited to come out here. The town is beautiful. It's grown so much since the last time I've been here about eight years ago. I was just wondering if I could go to the town. I was just wondering if I could go to the town. Actually, I thought I was going to. New Iberia. I was like, wait, no, the town didn't look like this. So it's gorgeous. It really is. I don't know how I could follow what was in front of me. I was a nurse for 25 years. I teared up. I said, thank goodness I've been putting the eye makeup on. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, man. Okay. I'm six point two. Is our bid review for the wastewater treatment plan upgrade. I'd like to ask Susan Reachart to come forward. Please. This is the rebid of the wastewater treatment plan upgrade. Yes. As you know, we paired down the job, redesigned. And we rebid it. And on July 23rd, we received two bids. The low bid being from NCMC for $14,297,000. Our estimate was about $11.5 million. We went to the Water Sector Commission and requested $2.75 million from them. And we're successful in getting that. So with those funds, we have enough money to construct the project. So we recommend award. Thank you. Thank you, Susan. Very honest, my while, what was the prior bid amount? We had a bid. The bid was over $23 million. Okay. I thought it was pretty substantial. Yes. Great work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was redesigned and a value engineering. Are you ready to question? No, no. Any council comment or we've certainly entertained a motion to move forward. Okay. Mr. Nile is that a motion? All right. Motion by Councillor Mourniland. In a second by Councillor Member Romero. Any other council comment? Yes. Susan, what was the biggest increase in that? So instead of a four cell sequencing batch reactor, four basins, we cut it down to two. And with that, we have to continue to operate the oxidation pond that's currently the treatment system. We have to operate it in tandem. We didn't lose a substantial amount capacity about .5 million gallons a day. But it should hold us for a good 10 years. You know. Will this allow us to have an addition to that or do you have to put a whole new system in? Later on, we want to expand it to a whole new system. We could add on. Yeah. We left room to be able to add on two more basins in the future. Okay. Thank you. Two more SBRs. Okay. Any other council comment or question? Well, before we open it to public comment, I just want to share that. Susan, you've been very patient throughout this process. I challenge you quite a bit on funding and things like that. So I do appreciate your rise into the occasion. As the council, and we've already shared with the public, we did have a $5 million grant, which was competitively awarded. We did a competitive grant application to be able to be the recipient of the $5 million. Our intention was to use. We did have a .95% line of credit from DEQ to use for the remaining of the project. Susan outline the bid still exceeded the cost of construction. So going back to the water sector committee last week, did prove to be successful in that we were able to obtain an additional 2.7 million, bringing the total grant award to 7.7. So the 7.7 coupled with the .95% interest loan is what's enabling the construction of this project. So, Katherine, you are also very helpful in that. So I want to thank you as well, Senator Brockmeyer's representatives Carlson, Boie Landry, and every member of the water sector committee, which is a special committee of the legislature, which is a compromise of senators and representatives from throughout the state. So, it was a big team effort. So is there any public comment on the project? In relative to the 10 years, I mean today we're at a 20,000 population. 10 years has our population growth. If we stay on the trajectory from the 2017-2018 population projection puts us to about 30,000, which, you know, it's probably arguable on how much we can grow honestly beyond that. So it'll be up to the council and the public to help decide that. So, all right, there's no public comment. I'm a skidry, please call the vote to award the bid. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Mr. Shalpai. Yes. Mr. Faras. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Thank you. All right, agenda item 6.3. I have another variance request for section 10792, other coat of ordinances to allow a limestone driveway around the east side of South-South-South-Hyschool Stadium. And Ms. Anjali Kernandez and David Hammer are here. They're the architects on the project. Should you have any questions or if they would like to address the council? It's in your packet. This is the driveway. If you're looking at the high school stadium, it's on the right side. It's on the right side, the right side driveway. It appeared to me that it's just going around the back, like more of an access drive. I don't really know. Maybe they can help explain to you if it goes to any parking or anything like that. Let's see. Mr. Volgiano. Yeah. Good evening. This parking lot, or this this drive, is going to be used for the away team buses. It's designated for those because the buses take up so much space and the existing parking at South-South-South is rather limited for the expected size of the state. The stadium is about 5,000 person capacity. So this would really help get a large majority. All the students would enter an exit from this kind of safer area. Then, you know, just an anticipation once the possibly wants the parking lot fills, people would be parking on the roads and it kind of narrows. So, and then, you know, when funding is available in the future, they will pave more parking around the stadium, but it's not quite funded or there is so finishing up some projects that was surrounding the stadium. So we kind of need this to, or they need this to start the football season and and use the stadium. Yeah. I guess my question is probably going to be directed to somebody with a school board that probably isn't here tonight. I'm assuming, but my question would be what's the timeline that they're going to want to ask about the parking lot because... If they want to do it as soon as possible, but they were waiting on some bits to come in on some other parts. So I don't know that they have the final timeline, but I'm sure we can get that to you as soon as we... Yeah. I spoke with the mayor earlier just over the... I'm trying to see when we can put Almanac road into the road infrastructure plan because that road is so narrow and we drive it all the time. I'm just imagining when we have, you know, a couple thousand, you know, fans, students and parents leaving the game that's going to be a cluster. But I don't know that I would personally want to approve a variance for gravel until we can have a definite data when we're going to get the parking lot asked for. That's just in my opinion. If there was like within a calendar year, I can see that wouldn't be a problem, but I wouldn't want to say that in the two, three years down the road. Being that they just asked for a variance on the other building because they didn't have funding trying to get that approved tonight. This doesn't seem... Well, I think they're trying to do it much faster than a two-year timeline. It might be the next fiscal... My understanding, it's the next fiscal year, but... I mean, we've designed it. It's laid out, so they just had to get the other projects funded or bid out to know what would be left over. So it's high on their priority list. You point out how many feet from the road to where the gravel's going to start is... We put in... We have in a concrete drive apron to come in and that matches the apron. That's right next to it. So it's pretty wide. And I think it probably goes in about 30 feet... Okay, I was told it was about 40. Yeah, 40. Yeah, something like that. Josh Fountain, and I did speak with Superintendent this morning kind of briefly about it. He was at our road remediant and he did a degree. He said there was about three or four bids there waiting to finalize. And they will be circling back on several little ticket items, and this was one of them. It was pointed out to that a KDANA, and I think Cuomo both have gravel behind some of their parking as well, which they eventually look at wanted to do that as well. But this is going to be one of those unfinished tickets that they will finish out. Councilman Shampa. Thank you, Mayor. Yeah, my question was along the lines of Lindy. And I really hate to approve something that we don't have a definite timeframe, because I do get to concern. We have a strict ordinance that doesn't allow non-horde surface parking lots. So I don't know what the solution to that is, but I really don't care to pass this ball with tonight unless we can get a finite timeframe. I agree with you, Lindy. That's a good, that is a valid concern. Yeah, I don't mind the gravel temporary, but I mean, I went to Cuomo and that was 2006, 2010, and it's still gravel today because it's never been paved. I mean, it's a cluster. So I just, it's up to say that I don't trust them. I just, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to answer, hey, within 12 months, we're paving it. We have the funds that are being allocated here on this date, but I mean, I fuck, we're cutting funding left and right because we're building and adding on a new school, which is great, but I just wanted to answer more or less. I do have another question, are you all going to come with any other variances? I think this is the third or fourth one. That you all have a question. Not that I'm aware of. I mean, the stadium will be, be complete with, except for the park, the future parking that's not yet out to bid or completed. It's not ready to go out to bid because they don't have the funding for it, but it's laid out. As far as I understand, any projects that we've worked on or that are on that campus, there's no other variances. I think, I believe, the field house has been bid out and that one is approved and has a little bit of, there's no variances needed for that. And this is the last of what's being built around the stadium. And, you know, I totally understand where you're coming from with those concerning comments. I just want to share that, you know, the first game is going to be on September 5th. A lot of these other high schools do have based some of their parking on areas that are not even paved. It's just like grass. And so we can't even use the area around because it's not even graded yet. And once it gets graded, you can't park anywhere around the stadium for a while because it's just looser right now. So even if you were to create something kind of temporary, they really, they just won't have access to get everybody in. And there's only a couple of wait. There's one metal detector area, a weapons detection where all the public will come in. And then there's the one another area where the officer will man this band and the team that come in. And if we had this other area, then everybody on the way side can come in on that area. So it's just like the immediate use of that. You know, I understand where you're coming from, but they are, they really have a very difficult situation right now to get up into. And with their warning, it's just to prove another variance for them to lower the cost, but we have local residents that are business owners here who are putting their own dollars and asking for the same variance. And then they end up paving $30,000 of the concrete or whatever may be but out of their own pockets. So that's the school where us for variance. And we keep giving them that it gets to a point where there has to be a quit this it now. Like you just got to find the funds. And there's nothing to you. They need to be here to represent themselves. But that's just kind of where I stand on it. I want to give it like rough estimate costs if you were to ask for a favor. Just rough. All part. Okay. I mean, that's a chunk of the change even for a school board budget. I mean, I would propose that we put a two year time table on this. That way it gives them at least a fiscal year and a half. So you can choose from it. You're also looking about a school that's almost in the middle of Canfield. That how often is this road going to be used probably. Just, just win, but I mean so you're talking about six football games and probably. Couple of across games, band events, 12 minutes, maybe probably won't use it. They don't have they might have one bus that's coming in. and in football where you have like several buses coming from the diagram it looks like you can't even see it from the road It really is the most discreet area as far as the ability goes It'd be better than being on Almanac Republican Miss Jean-Pain. I just think two years is too long Yeah, it counts a lot. I think I'd be remiss if I didn't point out To use some of the design considerations that we've made on city projects One being the amphitheater access drive behind That's gravel today that was a cost decision Part of the value engineering of the wastewater treatment plans also removal of concrete if I'm not correct Susan So you know, of course it is it is the council's ordinance and we'll find out Whatever direction that that you guys choose. I just wanted to point out some of our own Areas that we've made decisions on recently specific to cost considerations mr. Romero. How many Feet in Pam might know this how many feet is the entrance of that amphitheater on Railroad right there was at ten feet maybe Well the concrete the concrete 12 feet at most and you're talking almost 40 feet of Concrete so quadruple the size Okay I stand on motion 68 feet. Oh, okay, well, and I was told that the other day, but I didn't want to speak out Because it was verbally told to me um Was there any comments about timeline maybe? Yeah, yeah, okay, I mean not I'll make a motion to prove as is with a no-time table because they have been a good partner We have to have a trust factor and it's the school system All right emotion by mr. Romero mr. Nile i'll second it right a second by councilman Bernaline Any further council discussion it's open for public comment for anyone that was just to address the council relative to the variance In the skidry there's no public comment. Please call the vote to approve the variance Michelle fine. No Yes, far as No Mr. Volgiano no Mr. Romero Yes Mr. Nile yes motion fails Angelican David will regroup with the with you guys to see if we can come up with some alternative um, there is no Well, I'll say we'll figure it out Uh in great senior both these two were part of our design team for the project management of this facility. So thank you all All right, um agenda item will move on to 6.4 Property owner at 121 iberia street mr. Joshua Phillips is here this evening to request Several variances for an RV boat storage facility mr. Phillips welcome sir. Thank you. Thank you Trying to do it knock it out in one turn instead of coming back multiple times So as a small business owner we are fully committed to building a clean functional and safe facility that contributes to young's bills growth We are requesting serial several variances as you can see For proposed RV and boat storage facility in young'sville This project is a limited use non-retail facility is on to serve the residents Who require long-term Secure storage for RV trailers and boats So my first first variance that I'd like to request Mayor we were going to order I think that that might well, let's let me ask the council how they'd like to how they'd like to approach this uh Is there Yeah Is there I guess um let's go one by one Nicole Really That I can remember yeah, is there an objection to going one by one? Okay, that's how we'll do it Nicole All right, first one would be rear setback reduction Our lots 257 feet deep the combination of 50 feet in the rear and 20 feet in the front leaves only 187 for usable depth uh It's not quite enough to accommodate 13 enclosed bay storages And require drive and turning clearances The nature of the 50 foot buffer Guarantees Guarante the 50 foot buffers because it abuts residential is that what it's all requires a 50 so we're trying to reduce the rear Our pond is setting the rear so we're not trying to do it up closer to the name right still being buffered with Attention and green area sure trying to get back with that so this space is is being you the bit the your your business activities Still can be removed what we're talking about is the the green space that's going to be used for detention It's just to fit another field and you just Got you Council do you have any questions about the what's being at miss jump on? No, I just buffer I get that the the pond's gonna be there but the buffer what type of trees are they required to Put along that uh property line Yeah, what are they coming into how many And that's mature line the back with you know those Cypress trees that are you see that in front of people's uh front landscaping the tall skinny ones so we'll line the back with the privacy fence and then also have Uh a line of those Those will be installed but prior to opening prior to final permit Yeah, correct Okay, thank you no landscaping family plan has been submitted yet so we're still working through So after after these variances then we'll submit everything and part of our Submitted to the city will contain a landscaping plan Chad herself um that's all right and introducer asking to introduce he's the engineer of record for mr. Phillips project Is that see uh if you hold the second uh miss bores Yeah, I'm gonna if I look at number five. That's why I wanted to take all these you you're asking for a 10% landscape and requirement Right vacation So it says the front of the building requirement is 10% so if you look at the square footage of the buildings that we're trying to build We have to have 12,000 it's gonna be 12,000 square foot of building So according to this ordinance you need 10% in front of the building that's gonna be 12 hundred square feet Uh, I don't even have 12 hundred square feet of footage in front of the road in between my property and the road so That's why requesting that that be reduced as well and then we're also gonna put landscaping along the sides and in the back of property to try to help you know meet that requirement I think mr. Romero understand which you which you're indicating some some of these if some of these are um I think if you'll allow me counsel it may be best that we take these out of water Because I think the first the main event here is does this council want to grant a variance To allow this type of usage on the property and that's gonna be an exterior access storage facility If your answer then is yes, then I think the the the setback the landscaping the landscaping as an example if if the ordinance and garada I don't have an economy, but if if the ordinance is 10% has to be a green space or landscaping I have it right here 10% okay because that that likely wouldn't work in this scenario with this usage because the frontage is gonna have very because the ordinances are storage is not due to self-storage Not so much right Or be both for but I think with in terms mr. Phillips currently from from wrong, but I think with the landscaping your you would be committed. There's no purpose of having landscaping behind the Behind the entrance that's not going to be visible to the road right so I wouldn't want to see you have any spend money in landscaping That's only going to be beneficial for the users of your facility the intention here I believe is to have just beautification You know where it's line aside if you're on the roadway, right? So I guess that's let me that's why I just some suggesting that I There's a main event here. Do you want this type of usage the other ones are more specific to should you allow that type of usage then we can certainly get into it and assist mr. Phillips in his design team with with specific design criteria on that site Miss Boris you were good man Yeah, I there was just a miscalculation on the Setback reduction he had it was 247 foot but I 257 foot but I see 247 on the length of the Oh the lid to the property sorry Which means it would be two seven two seven ten feet less a visible depth So Why go for the five foot when you're already ten foot less So So yes, I'm requesting the five foot into that green space um It will still be that green space will be landscaped the green space will serve also as a retention pond Uh, there will be a privacy fence in between the buildings the end of the buildings and Uh, residential property behind us um You know, and if we have to we can make it also You know a foot fence instead of a six foot fence What's what's the pleasure of the council? Do you want to do you want to stick with the order that we're going or do you want to You know if we get to number three and you don't allow exterior doors. I think the project then it's a It's a move point to really go through a hard time on landscaping correct Okay Miss Jean-Pierre Yes, sir Um, let me try and help this along a little bit We have a very strict ordinance for orvis and for storage, I should say storage facilities We have stuck by that Ordinance all this time We have other Storage facilities that have met all the criteria that this ordinance has met there's one right on the corner Uh from where you're going to be by the about a storage it and they they wanted to not have all the The facade and things like that. I do want to remind Some of the council was here I worked here at this time. We do have a resident of our city born and raised in the city of young still they own hundreds of acres of land He wanted the same type of facility on property that he's owned all his life and he's in his seventies late seventies And he was refused So he does not have a storage facility there because he felt it was just a though To abide by the ordinance would have cost quite a bit of money. We get that we understand Uh that process, but there's a reason for it for this ordinance and why we put it in place Therefore Mayor looking at the the waivers I can't vote for any of these waivers on this facility this month, so Um, that would be my stance and based on what we have done previously Which we have not allowed it especially limestone non-horrid surface. We just denied a school to put uh To not to put limestone that we want horde surface on their life So I cannot see any reason why I would vote for any of these variances All right, thank you now Not even like to have the storage base they're facing each other not facing the street Uh, no sir We have an ordinance in place. Uh, I'm sure the city would work with you But uh, I'm I can't vote for any of these we have other storage facilities like I said in this city That's spent a lot of money to make sure they win compliance Bowd nrv storages It's a it's a storage facility so storage facility storage facility you coming under the same ordinance So what I'm going to tell you is Uh, I get it They very expensive our ordinance is very strict Maybe it's just not the right type of facility for you to uh, put there I understand you bought the property But there's also neighborhoods being built where people can't park to both RV and youngsville in those neighborhoods I get it so then they're going to find some place to put it and so that would be very very beneficial to you to spend the money and put it there Because you're you're admitting right now that we have people that would probably be you'd be booked up right away But personally and knowing the ordinances and working for this city for six years And living here I will tell you that I cannot support this any of these variances Sorry Mayor when uh when wild man RV and everything opened up what was the um The owners and they were granted that was that because the building and the property existed already But they were ramped up at the end or did like I don't remember what variance that was Great great question and it and it is relevant The reason if I recall that that Usage was appropriate there and Pam make correct me here We do have certain areas of the city that are designated That allow for What at the time was considered more industrial um Now if I recall that was prior to the enactment with with with your RV park ordinance I'm sorry with the storage ordinance did was in essence put a To some ex I guess you could as we'll call it a moratorium on exterior storage facilities And it increased the criteria for the rules on a traditional interior storage facility Because there was and there was There was concern from the council and the the public that they represent at the time That there was We had several of them in the pipeline And now some of those projects fell off as a result of that ordinance some of the projects fell off as a result of Economy and inflation But there were several pieces of property that were that were purchased around that time period I think mr. Phillips although we haven't that we didn't discuss it I think he may have been one of the ones that's you've owned the property a few years have me yes Yeah So at the time with wild man what we were governing with the planning and permanent office was governing that on was Not the there was no storage ordinance what we were governing on was it was an acceptable area for Limestone in materials there for recall Well the the the storage the ordinances that you talk about with storage facilities if you're in the industrial areas and the areas that are industrial Then those same things don't apply to which is why we've told several people that if you want to do a storage facility You need to be in the few areas that I call it that you know like where Lynn Lajé is back there I call it the cow area of gurne z All right Yeah, so in the cow if you're there if you're along Gryphon Road If you're in the industrial area by mr. Duchamp's Industrial and it's listed in the in not ordinances So that's where when we've had several people Let us know that The ordinance we're telling them like well, but all of those things don't apply If you're here, but if you're a long shaman mattery highway 92 other places then So in thank you. That's a that's excellent context because of our Prior to the storage ordinance That was that was passed that were that these variances are relevant to the The areas within the city that having industrial exemption um that has that's been there so even prior to the The storage ordinance being passed Your land use would not have allowed limestone in It didn't it didn't specifically call out an exterior storage facility But it wouldn't have allowed some of the things that are being requested here Anything facade your facade ordinance as we refer to it does not apply in the industrial area But the listen that that Was the right thing for a majority of the council at the time of its adoption I think what's before you tonight is just for you to affirm that that's still your stance on it You know because it has been now it has been a couple of years When when directions you know change sometimes so I mean you that that's why he's here before you I mean sometimes you know we take it as far as we can within the permitting office, but sometimes you know we we see Light there for whatever reason whether the people have owned the property for some time or it's been You know, there's a reason you don't hear sign variances that often because The administrative team is working with people to come into compliance But you know on occasion there's examples that we bring forward because we want to know a little pulse check from you Um, I do understand where where Simone's coming from with the exterior rule of door something that was the item We're gonna try to tackle first um I know what we did that for conventional storage. Obviously. Don't think that that's as can I don't know how we can have the discussion about that as far as for RVs and for campers and boats just because of the fact That's not as typical so while a grandpa is in under that under that ordinance for exterior rule doors It's just not as commonly seen really anywhere. I mean you have a few like big box big toy storage The best is a different type of storage um, I would I mean in my opinion I don't I don't agree with the asphalt side. I'd rather see asphalt than limestone in the facility that would be So then I have to have the discussion about the role of doors as an is an issue with me um Just because the type of storage is just drastically different. That's a different type of storage your household goods is a little bit different um And I'm just trying to think about what is really simply going to be built on that property next to the power plant in the future And I feel like I've been trying to do a better job I guess we want people to do business in young'sville and be easy to do business with however we want to try to outbub with these ordinances as best as possible um for me it's the it's a lot of something But I think that we can work past the extort role of doors just because of what you're storing there I think it's a little bit different than what we've been Conventionally seeing these three story Storage facilities and then the conventional ones who've seen around town. So uh That's kind of my stance and take on that I don't know how the rest of my colleagues feel on that but um I do understand what you're saying about we do have a lot of neighborhoods and a lot of people living here who spend their money, you know in our community and Dubai assets for their homes to do in the weekends and have places to park them Part of that's on us on how much we allow In driveways in the upper parkings of H.A. So he's creating a solution however we want to abide by our ordinance I just think they can try to Work through some of it and that's a lot but uh the door thing is an issue for me It is it's not it's not okay just because of what he's doing I do understand what what our ordinance states but that's just not an issue from um so So Council I mean you still want me to We'll go back to number one unless y'all I mean ask you want his student do you have any objection to be sticking with number three So that way we can because I think that's probably the main event All right, if there's no objection to to hearing number three first Is there a motion to approve the variance for number three? All right emotion by uh mayor putt and bulgeonah Is there a second? All right, mr. Allen seconds the motion is there any further council discussion It's open for public comment anyone wishing to address the council relative to the variance which is gonna Allow exterior roll-up doors on the storage facility All right, mischiedry. There's no public comment. Please call the vote for the variance Is Farah? No Mr. Bulgeonah Yes Mr. Romero no Mr. Nyland yes No Mr. Phillips with all due respect. I don't know if it's I don't know if we should go through the other ones at this time or Yeah Which had you know that If you want to pitch it back in a young the property, you know We want to work with you there. I want to work with you there for something I mean definitely. I mean it's gonna bring more taxes You know at least seven thousand dollars in taxes a moment I recognize and I want to be cognizant of it. That's why you break up the order to something If we're falling into that three store box Storage facility you know and I mean they don't they're not facing the street. They're facing each other. Yeah Perhaps just for food for thought for the council And then we'll move on because they they've already acted on this But just for future consideration us the ordinance says written It maybe put some eyes on it. We can we can bring it back Was your was the intention to allow exterior Traditional self-storage and do you want that to encompass? Outdoor RV parking You know what if it was just an open facility as an example so I think that would probably be the question that I would ask all just to just to consider certainly no action required But I mean all ordinances can be adjusted Yeah, yeah, I feel like it was the intent was written so that you don't have self-storage with exterior doors Yeah, you know somebody pull up what you present was a plan or what I think but so you know The the multiple variances. I think is what kind of gave up a nice or but I think what we did one is like a chain link fence And you just seen a much arbiter and both part of the parking lot But I think what you presented was was clean cut and not being seen From the roadway Being there saw by side and you haven't and haven't covered awning so I understand what you're trying to do Chad thank you, Mr. Phillips. Thank you all to see soon All right, agenda on 6.5 Presentation on young's those designation as a Louisiana development ready community Mr. Pat Whitties here with the Louisiana economic development So I'd like to acknowledge him to to come forward and address the council and swity. Thank you, sir Thank you for being here Yeah, thank you. I've a council appreciate your time Just wanted to take a few minutes. My job's pretty easy tonight. That's just a thank folks um I took a minute to look at your vision statement Just a sat the noon on your website and A thriving connected and vibrant young's bill that attracts families businesses and visitors of all ages offering a high quality of life economic opportunity and community pride That's what we think the development ready communities program really is all about is to try to enhance that to augment your efforts You've had a group of volunteers and a group of folks on It's on staff and and we had open house and and got public comment Trying to make sure that people Understood that economic development is not a it's not a spectator sport. It's something that you have to really be engaged in Our program is not sophisticated our program just an opportunity again for volunteers for citizens for For administration to get together and just take a look at where you where you're at Just just to assess kind of where you are and and have an honest assessment You know many times when we think about ourselves or think about the things that we do We always have a pretty good point of view pretty good idea pretty good sense of we're doing great But it's only when you say these are the places we can improve these are the things that are important to us these are priorities That's when the work really can get done you have to have an honest assessment That's really what the development ready communities is about I mentioned the vision statement But you really need to think about adding resiliency and sustainability. I was here I was here with the department in 16 floods and I know what it looked like then and what it looks like now So thank you for your commitment to continue work that you do I just wanted to mention again I mentioned the volunteers and the folks that have spent some time doing this. That's not an easy deal They assessed again where you were in terms of economic development what your commitment was to growth They talked about controlling the narrative Look if somebody doesn't if you don't tell your story You know in fact somebody else will tell your story So always being aware of the high points and the low points the things you're working on And communicating that with people is a big part of the plan You continued collaboration with other organizations That that is spoken to as well and then the fact that you Decide that you're going to leave this is an active type of effort when it comes to economic development So again, I just wanted to take just a moment. Thank the mayor Thank Haley. She's been a key part of this whole thing I have to think one of my allies and at his leader the laughing at economic development authority and mark mootone mark and now Check that box and and he can maybe have a sigh of relief But I really appreciate all this continued effort to move things this is a beautiful community And I'll just tell you with my father used to tell me every Saturday night when I left the house be proud of who you are and be proud of where you come from And that would ward off a lot of times any involvement in engagement. I would have with the good good people in law enforcement With that, let me just read the certificate This is from our secretary Susan bourgeois Luzanne economic development congratulate the city of youngsville for successfully completing the Luzanne development ready communities program And for their continued dedicated efforts focused on excellence in economic and community development So again, thank you all for what you do Thank you for your continued efforts and I appreciate your time Yeah, mr If you don't mind staying up, but I'd love to get a picture with the council Yeah, in yourself, but but first I want to acknowledge Haley Haley leatherwood has truly been the one that his spearheaded this effort. It was one of the things that I gave her as a But when I gave her something I'd like to see done she Completely exceeded my expectations. She not only saw that it was done. She's owned it And this I think is just a greater reflection of a renewed effort from our team And our focus on the ability that we have to build the right community the one that we have That is open for business and I think that you have This has been a very helpful exercise for us So I want to begin by thanking Haley for leading the effort and not only leading it but owning it taking charge of it She has traveled Around the state to to broaden her knowledge about this subject matter and I know that it's benefiting Secondly mark from Lida we've had we've had more engagement With Lida over the past I'll say two years Since Haley's joined my office so mark I sincerely appreciate you being as dialed in as you are And then lastly just to the to the volunteers that aided in the community assessment survey Including hosting the open house. We had some participation here At City Hall that was open to the public to make sure that The strengths and the opportunities in the the platforms that The Haley and Mr. Witty and Mark and the team of volunteers that we had were focused in Moving in the right direction. So Haley you'd like to Yeah, I just want to say thanks to the volunteers really it wouldn't have been done without their help their knowledge When I called them and asked for their expertise and their advice They they came out with guns a blaze in and and really did give us a lot of direction And then obviously they helped with the open house and with framing up The SWAT analysis that we did to present to the public during that open house. So A big thank you to the volunteers and thank you for letting me take this project on it was fun Thank you, thank you mr. Pat for Dr. Van Rouge to be here To present this thank you so much. Yeah Well, Kaley why don't you come up and accept the presentation and maybe I'll ask Catherine if you wouldn't mind Why don't you come here and the council can be behind can be here I think we can just stay stay put behind these two Mark still here mark. Why don't you come up on this side And Kaley thank you And please around around of a pause for the for the group that we assembled or For Ellie D and for Lita for for helping us get this done so Forever grateful. Thank you sir. Thank you for making the trip over All right, I'm six point six Councilwoman Shampine I asked to hold the discussion on proposing Divisions for the city of Youngsville Changing divisions into municipal districts misshampine There Thank you Layers my thought ax if we could possibly put this on the agenda just to start discussion I do want to thank Wade because he didn't Nicole they did some initial research since that last meeting We even if we were choose to adopt districts instead of divisions It cannot be done a year prior to an election Therefore we would not have time to be able to because we needed demographer to draw lines And it will require quite a bit of a I would I would think and I would hope That we would do a lot of public input to be able to go out to the public have a whole public hearing But I think it's a worthwhile effort with the growth that we are experiencing that we at least look into it and research it So that is my request tonight that we that I'm I'll make a motion that we request the research. I do not mind spearhead in it This getting people to speak getting research in the issues Wade has committed also in Niko So just to look at it before we can do anything you we can do it by ordinance But to adopt an ordinance you do have to have all of these things in place like the Demographic and the districts lined out. So and that will take a lot of research in the You know in meetings so I don't mind researching that and spearheading and of course with the your input the council's input And of course all about stakeholders throughout the city So that is what I would like to do first to start researching the Uh Pro the project and I expect to possibly going into districts instead of divisions. Okay. What would be a benefit if we choose to do that And I heard you correct that you're asking you're asking for a formal motion. I guess you're proposing a yes resolution for Begin the research I'm seconding that all right. It's open for any other council discussion if there's any at this time Mr Emery I'm just curious. I mean because I honestly don't know where I stand on this anymore What would the cost be incurred with this research and everything to build up to this? Of course, I call I'm free So uh the research that I would do would not would unite cost us anything Of course, we would have Wade that we would have to pay. I don't see it costing a great deal of money I don't have a cost for you. I don't see it actually costing a whole lot of money To do the research. I do believe that if we come back and we say okay, we want to do this That's when we would need uh An amendment poverty towel budget because we would have to hire a demographer to draw those lines which would be a cost To us but the issue uh research. I don't see where that cost would be Very much Because I'm offering the spearheaded to do that research And of course with the input from all of y'all Mr. Bulls john Yeah, I'm not the same question. I think is the last time we're in the old chambers and this is discussed what What isn't working today that is making you want to go to that Because I haven't got an answer for anybody even when they proposed it the last time this happened And no one can give you an answer So uh if you I don't know if you found anything that's not working today That's why you're willing to I'm not saying it's not working and look I truly believe Uh, wholeheartedly that this council and this mayor Uh, we have the best interests of our entire city at heart. I do believe that we all we all focus on that I do by listening to constituents in our area Um, that oh a x the reason and why we don't have districts why you know the best the famous question I always got even when I started working here was who can I call who's my consulant and I would say Respond with the entire council runs at large. So everyone represents you So I do hear over the last couple of years especially because we are growing Some people and I'm not saying everyone some people feel and that's what this research will determine when you go out in the public And you start talking to people and letting them uh, boys say opinions you will hear probably a little bit of both Uh, I do believe that there will be sections of this city I've heard that says um, but we like it the oh way because We we just like being able to have a whole council. I get that. I do I do get that But then I get another the other side that says we would really like to have someone that represented just the district Now, I'm gonna tell you how I feel Being in the legislature. I tell people all the time When you represent even if you represent a district There are times just like us on this council That we have to take was in the best interest of every citizen in this city Just like on the state level you represent a district, but there are votes that you make that affects the entire city So I think a district yes, you'll have someone as we grow Because the city is getting larger. I mean we all admit that we like the growth that we have Uh, we had 16 18,000 people now uh, we project in 30,000 people in no time. I'm gonna call it So I do believe we would have Uh, our representation the stakeholders our residents who our stakeholders would have a person in their district that they could know They could go to the post vote for them. However, I still believe that as a whole The consultate considers the city as a whole Uh, I do know some people Talk about the old police jury system, you know, and if you have a a district you have a district representative Uh, they just gonna represent your interests Well, that system is is really antiquated and what happens uh, when with those systems if and I what I remind people is in the old police jury system years ago They actually had their own budget each district had their own budget Nothing's gonna change government wise when it comes to budgeting or uh, uh, our laws We all gonna have to vote on them. So that will not change. I think all you will have if we would choose to do that If this research shows that it is something This console and the citizens of this city want us to move forward on That you will see that each district as we grow will have that representative So that that's my input it could mean uh, a great deal to some individuals some individuals really won't mind I guess I don't I guess because and I want to say I don't mind running. I've heard Consul people on the console now say it's getting hard to run citywide because it's so large. It's getting large Uh, I don't mind running citywide You know, I like getting out meeting everyone that we represent in this city Well, then we probably should stay exactly where we're at then. Don't you think? Well, that's it. Let me tell you let me tell you what's the no because you know This is the only the second or third time you brought this out of my issue. I have with it is I've seen this exact thing happen in the communities and then that's where you have sections of town that fall off because you get a bad representative Who doesn't voice their opinions enough and then the community falls off and I think that with Our collective efforts, you know, an amazing mayor the administration staff here that I don't think one part of our city has ever fallen off the wagon We've been pretty collective and pretty well at giving and doing things all over the community to what the community grows as a whole To me switching into divisions Really honestly honestly to me it benefits the person running because at that point I've been ugly the section of town. Let's just say that the east quadrant of town or whatever Only one person wants to run and that person doesn't even meet the qualifications to meet even be in that position And just wins about the fault with the next section of town is gonna get fought for But there might be a lot of people in there that want to get fought for that is don't want to be in politics And that's and that's okay But to me I thoroughly enjoy being able to speak with every resident in the community and voice their concerns I don't need I get why you want to investigate it, but to me I haven't I mean, I'm almost like in term I don't think I've met more than two people who have ever said that they wanted it to be Separated ever And it doesn't say that I've spoken to every individual in this town because they got some impossible, but I mean, I just don't To me that seems like it's going backwards. I think if there were several flaws and several problems in the community where it's Presenting hey, we need to change this it's not working I agree, but Our population hasn't even reached anywhere near where that could be a problem Yeah, if anything you would grow the council before we That was that was to my point of what I said that I do believe no matter whether you represent a district or not You still represent this entire city and have to answer to the entire city. I don't see now Look, we don't know what's gonna happen in the future. We don't know is over here We know that this this console and this mayor Represents the entire city so but we don't we're not gonna be here forever. So I think that it it does need to be explored. I mean, that's that's my input. I think it needs to be explored And that's why I'm bringing it forward now is that your pleasure because I am making a motion that we move forward with the research It doesn't mean we don't have to do it You're not you're not committed to doing that tonight. Yeah, yeah There's a lot that work that will go into that first and public input from our citizens On No comment at this time. I have a comment Yeah, but we can know yeah, it's silent. So was an official motion I Okay, I just want to I guess point I just want to clarify. I mean, this is a discussion item So we are allowing there to be a motion and a Well, since we've had a motion in a second open it for public comment We did We did Just to clarify I'd say it was between six and eight years ago. I actually brought this up at the old council Seven years ago I was your first year taking the chair And at the time the sole thought was We did not have a lot of people running for council Didn't have a lot of interest in people running for council and it is difficult to run but at the same time When you do run you meet a ton of people you get to meet the community allies adversaries all of that And I feel that's a great thing The reason why I brought it up back then was let's encourage more people to maybe get involved and run You're later or so Councilman Stansberry the mayor Angie Started the idea of leadership youngsville We have that we have allies we have more adversaries. We have educated people. We have people who probably want to run Um Again, I'll go back to I'm on the fence on whether it should or not my take actually would be We're about 18,000 people maybe 20 20 And we've been a five member council Since they were alderman There might be time to expand this to seven To have more representation I know Nicole doesn't like that either but when you look at other municipalities there are larger councils um, so I was just clarifying why it was brought up back then It was to get more people involved get more people to want to run But at the same time, I think we have solved that with the leadership class and other community Organizations and stuff that we have Is there any public comment anyone wished to address the council relative to the topic? Yes, sir. Mr. Simon Good evening, sir. Yeah, more Simon Learning now you know two people that are in favor of districts Me and Donald Simon so if you I think it's very well worth the research effort that Simon is proposing Because you're going to get a lot of feedback from a lot of different communities and God forbid There's a campaign from Sugar Mill Pond that gets five a y'all from Sugar Mill Pond on this council to run the city To mention that there is a possibility now you can get five Representions from one neighborhood in this city if they can get the votes It's gonna happen you can't predict the future To your point you don't know what the future holds Is worth the effort to research and get some answers from the public and two of us will be at that council meeting Or that public hearing To voice our support of districts Thank you, Mr. Simon There was some money else I thought I saw that had raised our hand maybe not That's correct the question from the floors. It could it be for this now That we've been we've been advised by legal that it can't be for the 2026 it would be the 2030 election Yeah Yes, sir I just want to clarify that way if you don't mind because the the verbiage on red was It has to be Over longer than a year from the election correct that's what you can do it. It's up well over a year from next November So if this Was researched on for laissez-mah And it brought to us next month or less than a month it was brought to us and Was approved to Summators and ordinance and then approved in the October meeting Technically you would take effect it could If you you're talking about the new Vimbo election yeah any year. Yeah, yes chronological over year You're correct. Yeah chronological correct. I didn't know if it was Qualified date or election date in a way I like your okay, that's what thought And I do want to just comment on that. I don't think we have enough time Because of the fact they would have to be introduced by ordinance We would have to have the districts drawn to include it in that ordinance and it takes a Two meetings to pay us an ordinance So No, Vim was right around the corner. That's why I said I this cannot be done before the next election That's why I'm looking at the research so we can we can have public input and go out in the community All right any additional public comment Okay, there's a motion So This virus yes, how do we how do we vote on a discussion on them? I'm curious. I've never done that in seven years How does that work? That's a first in seven years So does that mean we need to move it to resolution item seven point five Right that's my point. Are we correct? So you're you creating resolution We have to explain Well, yeah, we've never voted on a discussion item. So if you're gonna create a resolution and create one, but I mean I'm Can I ask the question like what what's the rush? Yeah, we're talking about something for 2030 that I mean Where's like should we do it by I mean, I'm all about it look I'm running for the same thing you know no matter what and I'm gonna do my job no matter what right I guess my question is I mean I generally I would like to see like a resolution that's written that outline steps About what's happening and what to expect so that way I can sign off a minutes that accurately reflect there if you would like if If the council would prefer we can Exnecota added to next month's agenda as a resolution And we can do that tonight could just be discussion no vote Does it even have to be only a gender can we not just do the research and then that's what I'm gonna bring it up Like let's just start the research and do it and then Then once we have the research present it I agree To tell you that you can do what you want for free when you get home from here Sounds silly, but I don't think that need to do that. I think don't I think going to come into play is a Wade services and stuff. I think she would need to Get approval for that. So maybe Maybe the point to Simone's point is maybe do and next point Obviously is to do all the work that you can prior to the next meeting Well, that's not gonna happen, but not for the next meeting But I will call LMA that was one of my I'm gonna get with LMA. I will ask them to come to the next meeting possibly And talk about districts and divisions and and process But to have all of the research done in one month. I can tell you I'm not gonna be able to do that. I was just saying no the free Whatever you could be councilman. I welcome that. I think that that you know I think that that's I think it's a it's a Hot topic From I mean if you're welcome to bring I'd like to hear it a problem. Sure. I'll contribute you know to it as well Yeah, we can get a mind we can Yes, ma'am. I'll ask you to put it on that Then the next month is a resolution with a little more research, but not a full-blown research More information More information correct. Okay, so just so we're clear. I mean is there withdrawn Motion you're mr. Yes, misshump on your withdrawn your motion. Yes, I'm withdraw. Thank you. We didn't start the vote yet. So Second you're good with withdrawing your second. Yeah, yes, okay. All right Thank you misshump on I think that's You Right 7.1 resolution 2025 17 a resolution authorizing a direct mayor to execute for and on behalf of the city of young zville Of the parish of Latvia Louisiana and active substantial completion from grint glenlaj Construction LLC contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for children road pavement preservation project state project 01868 All motion approved screens on it All right. Thank you councilmember rameiro screens are I'll second all right All right, I have a motion by councilmember rameiro in a second by councilmember nylon Any council discussion. Is there any public comment or question? Okay, there's no public comment. Misshagrid, please call the vote on a genitim 7.1 Miss fire is yes, mr. bulgeano. Yes mr. Yes, mr. nylon. Yes, misshump. Yes, motion approved 7.2 resolution 2025 18 a resolution authorizing the mayor to negotiate and execute and Addendum for a cooperative endeavor agreement with lafayette charter foundation and incorporated for school resource officers for 2025 2026 All right motion by councilmember rameiro councilman shampon second ma'am. Thank you. Any council comment or discussion? Uh, no, we we've requested an increase for the for the annual contribution. Okay. Yeah, so we're We're Trying to get an increase in the The reimbursement rate for the school resource officers that Perform their duty at the charter school All right, was there any other council comment any public comment? Okay, no public comment. Misshagrid, please call the vote Mr. bulgeano. Yes, mr. rameiro. Yes, mr. nylon. Yes, misshump. Yes, misshaparas. Yes, motion approved agenda item 7.3 is resolution 2025 19 a resolution adopting the Louisiana compliance questionnaire for audit engagement for the city of young School for fiscal year ending June 30th 2025 Motion by councilman shampine and a second by councilman boroughs. Is there any council discussion any public comment? No public comment Misshagrid, please call the vote Mr. Romero. Yes, misshump. Yes, yes, misshaparas. Yes, mr. bulgeano Yes, motion approved. And genitam 7.4 is resolution 2025 20 a resolution authorize and indirect in the mayor to execute For and on behalf of the city of young zool the parish of Louise Lafayette, Louisiana and active substantial completion From Golan Lejay construction LC pertaining to the completion of a contract for the 2024 roadway improvement program And further emending the 2025 2026 capital projects fund budget It's a motion by councilmember Romero and a second by councilman shampine any council discussion Any public comment Yeah, let's see Pam this is a the question is I think relative to the punch list Yeah, it's some striping that we know that I'm sorry Is there a time limit that they have to get this done 45 days, okay All right any other comment all right here in no comment misshagrid, please call the vote Mr. Nylon Yes, misshump. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes ordinances for public hearing and final adoption ordinance 8.1. I'm excusing agenda item 8.1 is ordinance number 498 2025 in ordinance of the city of young zool Louisiana How many in the code of ordinances chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments misshump line issue two withdraw from the agenda All right, if a motion to withdraw from misshump line second by mr. Romero is there any council comment any public comment Okay, misshagrid, please call the vote on the motion to withdraw misshump line Yes, yes The ball piano yes, mr. Amarim yes, mr. Nylon yes motion vote Okay, a gen item 8.2 is ordinance 503 2025 in ordinance of the city of young zool Louisiana Aminning chapter 20 taxation article three sales and use tax motion withdrawal All right, a motion by mr. Romero to withdraw in the second to withdraw by council member Nylon any council comment any public comment Hey, no public comment misshagrid, please call the vote Miss Faris yes, mr. Volgiano yes, mr. Romero yes, mr. Nylon yes, yes, yes, mr. Shumpine yes And gen item 9.1 is ordinance 498 2025 in ordinance of the city of young zool Louisiana I'm meaning the code of ordinances chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments councilman Shumpine motion to approve Okay, there's a motion on the floor to introduce the ordinance 498 2025 is their second Second by council a member boljiano any council comment Misshump line yes, maia. Thank you. Uh first off. I'd like to thank Nicole and Pam Because what happened was when we brought this ordinance forward Uh Probably a month or so ago a two months ago now It it when they when we started checking into it we realized that a lot of our ordinances and Nicole correct me from incorrect Uh relied a lot on the udc and development codes With laugh yet Yeah, laugh. Yeah, Paris subdivision regulation. Yeah, basically no longer right And and our we kept we would refer back to that so since theirs had changed so much Uh LCG did send everything to Nicole and she started looking into it So that's why you have a very Long amended ordinance because it took into consideration all of those Things that had changed this was an ode to ordinance in 2005 Uh, there we introducing it tonight. It'll be up for a vote in next month of a A formal vote next month So I will do want everyone to look at it if you have any questions. Please ask me about it Uh, I don't mind answering those questions if I don't have that answer. I can get it for you But uh, so tonight this this ordinance basically has taken in some of the things that we put in the first ordinance But it's more comprehensive on uh the entire scope of LCG subdivision ordinances also Councilmember Dyle So this ordinance um obviously impacts um Sugar Mill Pong How many meetings have been had with The HOA board and the developers in constructing this ordinance Um to make sure that like all three parties are involved because like for me personally like I'm not going to be impacted by Any of this because it's not my neighborhood Um, and so I just want to make sure that Who the people that this is going to impact Um and the developers that are You know continuing the development um and the you know the the citizens that live there have I'm assuming you'll have an HOA board have all been involved In this process um because like you said it's a lot. This is uh This is a ton of information in here and it's making a decision on basically what The citizens that live within this neighborhood are going to have to follow and we're going to have to make that That decision for them. So Great great question. Uh, I see uh Jordan here tonight. We did have one meeting with Jordan and uh Rodney Savoy and Mr. Gidry Mr. Mike Gidry as well as the uh on the phone was the developers for Rosewalk at that meeting young industries I've had many meetings with the advisory what we call advisory board because we do know that the development in all subdivisions in the city of youngsville Is still run by the developer as the HOA so our board is an advisory board only So we have met I have met with them numerous times on this this ordinance and that has taken into consideration a lot of the input Uh from our residents and in input that the residents had given on things that that we thought probably needed to be tweaked and changed I do want people to know that I love living in a traditional neighborhood development Uh, I've always been a proponent of sugar mill pond I think it offers us a uh A way of living that uh, not everyone gets to experience But not isn't meant for everyone either in in that type of of atmosphere Not everyone's meant to live in a traditional neighborhood development Uh, we have very strong covenants What has happened is in research We have found that our covenants Uh, HOA covenants don't affect some of the uh multi-family residential that's existing in the city now However when the resident when the traditional neighborhood was developed and permitting was taking place There is a perimeter on what is inside that traditional neighborhood Out your boundaries just like every every other subdivision And that those boundaries in a traditional traditional neighborhood development You know your houses were closer you can have smaller lots but it was done on a point system I would a expand I would call it a point system Uh certain points for green space and and those things so the points were given with an existing footprint Of everyone in that footprint being a port of the traditional neighborhood And having to abide by covenants Well that has not happened Uh, we have found out since then that Not everyone in the subdivision has to abide by those covenants So a lot of this was driven by a commercial area uh, parking street widths uh So that has been all addressed in here those uh, there are some in engineering factors in here That uh have had that have been changed along with the HOA guidelines and the covenants And making sure that everyone adheres to those covenants in that neighborhood So Jordan's here tonight. I'm sure he wants to speak so uh He's here and we did meet with the developers. I met with them once I've met with the HOA board the people that actually hear that live in the neighborhood More quite often and I see mr. Landry see a he's on the board. I don't know if any of the other Uh Members of the board are here So we can hear from them mr. Nylon you you're good Okay Any other council discussion So I guess I'll just make it a general comment and I'd love to hear from from members of the audience I think any any type of development that we offer In our community or any any ordinance Any development 20 years in We probably owe ourselves the opportunity to review what's working If we had the opportunity to do it again, what have we learned what we'd like to see differently We're losing some institutional knowledge, you know the the The Patriarchs of the of the young family You know we had a You know untimely death recently Of one of our developers that was very instrumental in in bringing this bringing this ordinance and sugarmopon to to our community fortunately Um and turn over here You lose institutional knowledge of I think we owe it to ourselves to document what what's working right and what's What needs to be modified some of our best ordinances um, you know Arguably but pick any of them, you know the sign ordinance has been tweaked a couple of times Our land use ordinance which John particularly proud of Went years with only being modified once and that was really to exclude sugarmopon because that was just our Clarical error and not removing them from it because they have their own set of governance You know this this particular draft We is really forward looking largely Because we don't have opportunity to change a lot in communities that are Already established or I think we're going to be challenged to do that and we'll have to look at probably You know dip probably Lying by line, you know how which what can be retroactive? What can I The the the lens I'm going to look at it through is For future, you know, we recently had a 700 acre development that you know, we don't really know the Um, is it going to be presented as a tnd or is it not going to be presented as a tnd? So I do think we owe ourselves that that opportunity to look at it because I think all of us can can say Hey, this is something that's that maybe didn't work the best and I think that the developer and us in the residents would agree There's a couple of streets where we didn't put carve out parking on either side You know and and I don't think that we would allow that again today You know, whether or not that was just an oversight at the time or whether or not that was presented intentionally I don't know but I think that we all have uh More keen eye to to look for those type of details You know the other one that I think that we would probably look at is There's been with anything you know some learning curve some trial and error I think that the way that water view apartments Was initially brought into the fold We've has evolved to where sugarmopon apartments are a little you know are governed differently At least in terms of you know placement of parking and the number of parking spots I think that it's probably you know fair to say that one works better than the other you know for the residents involved um So I I welcome the the discussion. I want to look look into it and be part of it. I mean this is You know while while it only In compasses today sugarmopon and rosewalk You know that's that's more than Probably pushed in 600 acres of our community with the opportunity to potentially impact another 700 acres So I do think the discussion has to I mean I look forward to having more dialogue with You know our largest landowner that still has parcels to bring that was going to be subject to this um I think some things you know, I think some things we're going to have to look at and ask ourselves is it maybe h.o. 8 covenants that should be modified For changing conditions in the neighborhood or is it something that has to blanketly be done by ordinance um, I don't know I guess my my biggest concern Or not concern let me say I think our biggest challenge our opportunity when we approach this or any ordinances really to ask ourselves What problem are we trying to solve and I think that if we look at it Through the lens of what's worked right? Where do we still have opportunity to correct? I think that we can all At the table have some tangible things that we would offer that would suggest If given the opportunity to do it again, this is how I would do it I don't think anybody's going to probably dispute that You know that you know how much how many schools do we want in a tnd? You know those type of things that probably didn't get envisioned you know at its initial inception so What what I want to do though is make sure that we're not Overcorrecting in any areas because I do think we can find that sweet spot You know as an example of parking I know there's some concern on like press god and for the businesses there And I want to see every business in our community thrive. I want to see I want to see Attiquate parking, but I also don't want to lose sight of the The the purpose of a tnd is to encourage close dense development walkability Um, and I I noticed that there's no change in the purpose of the ordinance or which I'm which I'm happy about Because the purpose of a tnd I think if we if we're still approaching it with that lens Then I think it limits us to making modifications that are really the result of our experience and our best practices You know moving forward. I would offer today one thing that I would do differently is Probably have a better organization of different phases, you know Sugarmobahn today is as uh, I think the one in the hopper right now is phase 29 You know, so how do they really layer in and some of that may just be better Organization on our in some of it may need to be enacted by ordinance. So So I welcome it. I thank you for for bringing it forward. Um, I think that there's a I want to make sure that the stakeholders have a seat at the table And I would just ask when we have that discussion we approach it with what problem are we trying to solve And if we look at it through that lens Um, I think that we have the potential to have a good product, you know in the end um So miss jump Oh no, I motion. Oh, okay Any public comment relative to the introduction Mr. Landry Keith Landry and You know sometimes a little stone gets turned over and it becomes an opportunity And I think this is a prime example of it Like you said this original ordinance was in 2005 um Beautiful development Robert Dagle terrific people person understood, you know, really understood what the concept was um What's kind of led us to this point is You know, and I'm on the advisory board I have a problem telling Somebody that bought $500 600 thousand home That you can Park your motor home in front of your house for 24 hours But you got apartment complexes and a subdivision That's been granted exemption From this So here's a renter living in the subdivision Which I mean we want them to experience the same thing with experience But the bottom line is You know, how do you how do you tell your resident that spent this money in young'sville You can't do this But here's somebody written an apartment they can do it so What we need to look at is Everybody needs to be treated equally We all need to be under the same Covenants Under the same ordinance Okay, and I've mentioned this to George You know is there's very many phases that have been introduced What really needs to happen before the developer Has Relinquished the Clare control Is all the covenants and the declarations and the bylaws need to be cleaned up Okay, it ought to be very simple very clean. This is what the subdivision This is the rules of this of regulations Now on the second thing after it was presented Now y'all find out that well the parish Has all these restrictions that need to be followed When subdivisions are developed It makes perfect sense to me that it all ought to all be in that ordinance It ought to be simple For Jordan it ought to be simple for the bailies Here's the ordinance Now this is what you need to do to build this subdivision I mean the concept is this fantastic. Yeah, I love being in my golf court and being able to get everything that I need right there Okay, and Hey being on the board I'm there To for people to voice their opinion to me if they've got a problem bring it to me You know, I'll bring it to Jordan and them. I'll get an answer one way another You know Maybe happy with it you may not but but that's what I'm there for okay, and you know, I like people to bring questions up in concerns and if they're having problems So I really I like the changes Okay, yeah, there's some eyes and teeth and y'all need to look at all that But I really think that this is something that can be a positive and not a negative So Yeah, that's all I got to say Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Landry Do any other public comment Mr. Dagle Council I guess first where the only T and D in Young's Hill so this really doesn't impact anybody other than us right now Outside of press got in the bailies for baili Grove, but If you look at their revision that's probably 50 to 60 things that are advised Much more than just eyes and teased it. It's fundamental Hallmarks of T and D's that are getting changed whether it's parking requirements whether it's densities requiring certain percentage of of mixed use and commercial whatever it is there's There's things being changed in this ordinance that are at the forefront of a T&D and some of the revisions in the ordinance now If they were passed as is Or even more strict and just regular neighborhoods. So for instance The multi-family density requirement Proposed in the revision is greater than the multi-family density outside So for the bailies why would they go zone and be a T&D when I can get more density outside of a T&D Which is just totally counterintuitive what a T&D is which is small outlines higher density walkability Open space same thing. There's some some drainage aspects that are fundamentally different I guess There's 40 or 50 things that are different. I have a heartburn about 10 of them. They all stem from Parking requirements different things that there's a method to the madness When my dad first did this and he went to celebration watercolors seaside The carolineism and there's there's things and reasons why things were done the way they were And some of those things are being proposed to be changed. So I'm here to answer any questions I'd be happy to meet with anybody between now and the next meeting to maybe provide some feedback and some context but Here to answer any questions Mr. Jordan thanks for being here um You answered one of my questions about where your father and the group you know got the inspiration and My second answer or second question for an answer is I've seen seaside but Can you elaborate on the how those other team these are Being handled now how are they thriving? There are any issues? Yeah, I would say seed size probably the most successful tnd that we have in the US One of the changes deals with on street parking and not counting on street parking towards parking requirements I mean if you go to river ranch you go to seaside celebration and Disney on street parking especially around the town center is Is everything if you don't have on street parking you don't have businesses You utilize on street parking in lieu of multiple parking lots at our eyes sores people would rather look at multi-store buildings parking hidden in the rear on street parking And and what that does is you eliminate the the negative aesthetics on the streetscape and you add On street parking in front of the businesses that you're able to add more businesses Is the parking perfect? No, it's not perfect. The streets narrow. Yes by design That that's a whole other issue that I can get into there's a A scientific method on a certain right away with it that people slow down just because they don't feel safe driving out of certain speed But I mean that a lot of planning and fourth thought was put into the way sugarmobon was designed I'm not saying I disagree with everything in the revision I agree with the mayor that there's some things that need to be updated that are 20 years old absolutely But I do think some of the proposed changes are or drastic will definitely alter the integrity of the neighborhood And it's it is a lot I mean obviously we've been Sketsons for a while right I know you have and you are Making yourself available, I guess if we decide I mean obviously My first thing is to dig into these semi-final revision, but I do I would love to sit with you sit with stakeholders like you know talk to Simone a little bit more about it because I guess you know I go back to when I bought my first home in Youngsville 14 years ago, so You know, I looked at it and said I'll be able to park in my garage. I'll be able to put both cars in there. Nobody does that right I have street parking When I look to sugarmobon I drove through there and I knew like okay, we're not gonna park I didn't know about tnds at the time and I mean until you know running for office for first time and I do agree there's a place for it. It's it's a phenomenon like mr. Lange say it's a phenomenal neighborhood I hope we get another one because I think there's a need for it I think some of it is probably education From the realtors not maybe educating their buyers But I do think there are some things in here like you said and like you know, mr. Mone said that you know You definitely be tweaked sure I mean obviously, yeah pant misgrangie and mccoll discovered a lot of you know Outdated things that need to be added so yeah, I'm a copy of that I hope you are willing to meet with us as well as another people from sugarmobon probably will too Yeah, and if I could just add the the topic of us excluding people from the hway I know it's more of an hway issue not a city council issue, but The only exclusions to date are the water view apartments sugarmobillas and rouses And that's simply for the fact that It's not a perfect system in order to get certain uses that you like you have to be willing to give up something There are certain areas in river answered or not included in the hway because the use wouldn't have agreed to come and they're a part of the association So rouses wouldn't pick to come the sugar mill if they had to pay hway dues or a part of the same We held rouses 50,000 square foot grocery store to the same design standards as a residential house It just wouldn't be feasible for them to come Same thing on apartment complexes and multi-family. So We have four or five apartment complexes in river ranch and none of them are part of the association It's really not a problem fresh markets not part of the association in riverance. So It's not like we're handpicking and choosing and playing favorites It's it's literally Sacrifice to be made to to bring the best uses we can to neighborhood Yeah, I'm just curious about he mentioned it and obviously to me to a neighborhood issue, but He brought up about motorhome. I think that apartment complex. Is that yeah? Waterview will air something park like all over the left Yeah, I think on on broil there's a resident of the waterview apartments I was parking along broils on the entry parking that owns a To mom brought it up when she was on the board at sugar mill Obviously we as a neighborhood in the developer. I don't want an 18-wheeler park there But I told Simone that it was a public street. I didn't have the authority to Toes of body from a public street that they would need to get the mayor or the police involved to do that That that's not the neighborhood allowing the 18-wheeler stay there We told them multiple times Lucas in our office had plenty of conversations with them Genoa maintenance guy, but it's a public road. We just didn't have the authority to tow We had the same issue in my neighborhood to say you know in the prior chief Had them park on Delta yeah, yeah to solve this Correct, I brought it up when I was on the board and we we would like we it was we were killing ourselves however um Prior to Jordan being his involved disease now mainly because his his day had had passed away With that had all the knowledge of what should have been done we had Teddy And Teddy always towed us. I moved in that subdivision in 2014 That every place in this traditional neighborhood Has to abide by our covenants and whenever we'd have a problem on the board. I see chase here tonight He was on the board with us and you know as even to the extent of if they put a lawn chair on their balcony Which are things that we can't leave in our lawns, okay? Because our covenants are very strict And Teddy would take care of that he would go to the apartments He'd knock on the door and he'd say you have to move it you can't do that you are part of a traditional neighborhood development And I can expand that question because when the the neighborhood was developed It was all the same footprint in other words those apartments that in the Shigmyl pond footprint There is a footprint in borders just like a regular subdivision But what we found out is they were relieved of the covenants Therefore the people that had the 18 wheelers and I found out Well just last week as a matter of fact We have another business the commercial if you would go in every commercial business on In Shigmyl pond that we want to thrive. I mean we want our commercial businesses to thrive They will say they are losing Customers and clients every day because they cannot park in the front they have no Designated parking in the front of their commercial businesses because the apartments are taking all of those spaces When they have a developed parking lot in the back of there they're That has to come with part of the development That they get they have to designate so many spots So yes, this does change some of your commercial parking because this that would be designated for those Commercial spots. I can promise you I visited every business in Shigmyl pond I went because the original ordinances and I think it stayed that way five every one spot every 500 feet Was the original ordinance at state that is the same but every commercial spot However, it's not being given to the commercial businesses And I went in every business. I actually measured every business We only have one in there that may be five hundred Square feet it might be the boroughs shop might be the only one all the rest are over almost over thousand commercial tap rooms really larger So there designated by ordinance of previous ordinance one spot But the apartments water view apartments Are taking those spots they're the people living in the apartments. It did not change the ordinance that said If they have a front facing Adore facing the road press back because you have some that a commercial and then you have some apartments that actually face the road They are still allowed to park on that street in those in those spots Along press got it only affects commercial last week I was talking to one of the businesses And I was told and I did not see this but I believe it that the apartments actually had someone that repossessed vehicles And they would store the vehicles on the street in front of the commercial parking spots And tell someone came and picked up the course They were all tagged And it was someone operating out of the apartments operating their business and using the streets and shingmo pond putting the cars in front of commercial businesses so I did not ask the commercial businesses to come tonight. I can get them to come to the next meeting when it's top the olive But clearly if you go in every business So I would hope that you wouldn't only just speak I get Jordan Um, I don't think this is affecting a traditional neighborhood development I don't think and and when he talked about seaside and all I'm I'm racking my brain. I've been there only twice And it is on a main artery right seasides on the main artery of the road um We have many arteries that come through shingmo pond So which causes some problems with traffic A lot of congestion with traffic is I don't think anyone ever dreamed that we would have a wonderful school or because a wonderful school with 4000 students Coming through the neighborhood and I don't think seaside has a school inside there They're their footprint. I'm not sure they might have a school But maybe not through the the the interior do you know I don't think I have a school. I'm not sure how that relates to the parking on fresh. Yeah, it's schools. Yeah, it was 4000 kids Um, so I don't think those have that as a traditional neighborhood that was to design out the traditional neighborhood was designed based on those Which I think is offers you a very good quality of life I really I really like it. However, it has composed some problems in the neighborhood also when we mentioned river ranch uh I drove through they are the other day because I wanted to remember Uh driving through in river ranch, which I think is a beautiful community when you talk about uh The market and all of that if you look at river ranch Their commercial is mostly confined. They do have their city center And they have apartments on one side of the city center and some town homes But you don't see the actual A lot of the single family residential in those areas It's it's it's pushed back more Instead of like it was developed in sugar mill pond So I think all of those over the years uh and the growth Which we all we all like growth and we want to see our city grow and and uh be maintained properly I think the bottom line here is uh, I think is simple solution I really do I believe that no one should be relieved of covenants when you're your permitting was based on everyone being in that footprint I agree with mr. Landry everyone should be treated equally So it has become a Large problem some of the other things with drainage and things and things like that are already in our current ordinances So this this ordinance just kind of mimics all of those and puts it all in with the traditional neighborhood development Because we do know that a traditional neighborhood development does get Extra points to be able to do those close knit homes and and um less saidbacks You know, we don't have the saidbacks that a traditional neighborhood would have well say traditional a regular subdivision would have uh So the street what the streets I get the walkability. I love it. I love to see kids riding their bikes Uh on the street. I tell people it reminds me of the way I grew up As a young girl and uh, that's why I love The neighborhood I'm living But I think it we do have some problems that could be resolved One of them is everyone needs to be treated equally And the apartments or the townhome should not be really relieved of any of our covenants So the town homes are part of the HOA they pay dues they are the town homes talked about over 600 single-family residential homes Every one of those homes is part of the HOA. There's three uses in the neighborhood that are not The two apartment complexes and rouses I could go back and do it again. I would exclude rouses seven days a week I think the city would agree with that with the sales tax that it brings in So I think if you're just going to put a blanket statement in the revision that just says you can't exclude anybody One, I think that's an HOA issue not a city issue, but two I think you're going to get yourself in trouble down the road on Bailey Grove sure We'll palm we don't have room for that, but Bailey Grove has 700 acres I think you're going to get in trouble and and missed out on plenty of good uses that'll go elsewhere That don't want to be part of HOA And I respectfully disagree with you because I do believe that the apartment complexes should abide at least be cognizant of the fact that our homeowners and residential single-family residential And town homes pay $135 a month to live in there But they have access to the amenities the apartments don't have access to the You and I talked about this in the meeting I don't want to try and exempt anyone from using the public areas their public areas We love to see people in our neighborhood. We host events all the time read to the public But they're they are not using our amenities not the pool they can't get in our pool because it's so small The gym they're not allowed to use the gym because they do have their own gym I'm talking about the public areas that are accessible And we do have more problems in the way of I mean I live there I look I tell people I look out my window every day and I I can see what's going on They will host events The apartments will host events they will have people married on the grounds which I think it's a beautiful place if you want to have a wedding Uh, but that's not something that we allow our residents to do without getting permission Correct Prior that's correct using those public spaces that they are already at submitting $135 a month For that's correct at my office is on press got across the street I live the block away from there. I've never seen a wedding take place for the resident of waterview ever I live on waterview with an empty lot and I see the pond every day And I see you know the residents of waterview How do you know there are resident of waterview because I go over and I ask I've already stopped someone with a business that was taking photographs every Sunday and uh and using that spot in a tent Uh, a little Clear tent and I went and told her she had to get permission to use that property To not come back So you see I don't mind and I don't mind telling people when they park in the front of someplace Ask them where they live if they should be there. Please be cognizant of our businesses Um, so I will tell you I've been there and I've seen that I have knowledge of it Jordan I miss my name. But I mean that's just yeah, I just want to clear up some of the I just have one thing uh And while we're looking at this a lot of this And it'd be something I'd bring up with you With the two apartment complexes obviously Rouse's I mean, it's a cornerstone of Youngsville. I mean, let's just like I mean And and if you could have made it bigger Yeah, why not? I mean, they're adding on for some businesses. Yeah, I mean, it's yeah What uh, some of these apartment complexes are you able to Go in and have them restrate parking like a signage a sign saying No, we talked about going to the apartment developer having to put stickers on all the residents So if they're parking on the commercial uh, you would know that they're an apartment resident not supposed to be there Uh, which you referred to with Teddy earlier. We have a good relationship with with both owners of the apartment complexes We see something we'll reach out to the property manager The last the residents remove the lawn chair or whatever else is on the balcony Is it a perfect system? No, um, but I mean it yeah It is and I get dies or like an 18-wooler or a large commercial trailer So is that something like you put a sign of like in some neighborhoods where you know, you know, three axles or I don't you know Yeah, so we went and that's on the are you eight? I don't know We went and actually talked to the driver He parked in the internal parking lot for a day and then he went back on the street Then we got the property management group involved with water view They put a notice on his window he moved for a week came back um but I I'm really struggling to figure out why we're still talking about an 18-wooler and 18-wooler is not allowed on any residential street of youngsville Wait, sir if you hope I'll be happy to recognize you That the Keith yeah, please Keith actually called young industries because we're we're I'm sorry We're talking about a public street. So what so is it an ordinance that you should propose to say no 18-woolers or on any residential I don't want it on my street, but if there's an 18-wooler on my street I would bring forth an ordinance to say I don't want an 18-wooler on my street. Well, there is I think yeah We do have a note to apply it to my neighborhood. We have a no three axles. So I think we have a I mean so but what happened in this case was the um the 18-wooler decided well I'm just gonna pour on the property and jump the curb so he was jumping a city curb that we have to get out and Dicks When it's broken and he was going on young industries property. That's why mr. Landry stood up mr. Landry called young industries Young industries gave us permission to haul it off. So at that point we did call the chief I don't know if you end in that but anyway Beside that we did call and we had the truck towed so that they did troll the truck We had a problem with another one that wasn't a three axel though That was parking on the street on the car about So you know our ordinance takes care of three axel the city couldn't do anything about the other one It wasn't a three axel, but it had a 30-foot flat dead. It was pulled by a different truck. So I think those things can be fixed if they're apart if Say those apartments we have some other products. We're not we're not relieved of the HOA covenants our covenants We take people and find them when they're doing that in the in the subdivision our residence So that we could we could probably adjust and I think the 18-woolers we haven't seen anymore Uh, but that's a part of it. Is there is a little deeper than that? Is there an is there is there a desire to eliminate apartment complexes from TNDs in your in your perspective? I would think for the benefit of the residents the resident single-family residential. I would say yes Okay, so so I don't have an opinion on that what I'll share with you is that what's what's proposed the purpose of this ordinance Is to encourage mixed-use compact development From my research, I'm showing that apartments can range anywhere from 20 to 40 units per acre So by saying 15 you're you're we're an essence saying you can't have them So I just wanted to establish that as so that's so we don't so Like tonight. It's this is where established we don't want We're confirming we don't want the exterior storages and we don't want apartments In this draft ordinance in future TNDs I think that's one opinion because I think a lot of commercial businesses that surround these apartment complexes and that are thriving That's what makes it and all of these people that live in a TND including the apartment And and that's what I said I think it's really a simple solution If they would not be relieved of the HOA covenants so I guess so I've never been in an HOA I paid renters insurance but I never was part of an HOA I think I think the I know one apartment complex is not owned or wasn't developed per se in that area by you guys but I think Moving forward with those apartment complex. Maybe it's something that we add that they don't allow certain things at these apartment complexes that are Put up or within a TND. You know, it sounds like there's just a couple little tweaks with the apartments I think we're in the middle of the road but I'm a soft-talking I just have one question with the with the with what you brought up about the parking like if you have these businesses and they have designated parking spots and then you're making the The apartment residents. They're gonna have to park in their parking spot So then whenever we have an event and you have more people that want to come Then the apartment complex in my opinion, but then have the right to stay if you park in our parking lot We're gonna tell you because this is for our residents only I would like to address it from being able to enact that. I know I agree with you, but the The apartment complex already Tells the commercial businesses in that complex that they can not end that are renting from the complex. They cannot park inside their complex The commercial business owners and I can I can verify that with the commercial businesses. I've visited every one of them But the actual apartment complex does not allow their own commercial Commercial businesses in that complex park inside the parking lot in the back. So largely what we have here is a parking issue It's I'm just trying to I'm trying to I've a want to be creative when I go home tonight and really try to solve how we can encourage people to be more neighborly Yeah Because I think that we the majority of this time has been spent on parking and water view apartments Water view apartments has been there for a long time and we've already established that we would certainly do something different and our actions have demonstrated it because 1.25 parking spaces at water view is not what we have at Sugar Movelas, but three I think is just inconsistent with I think I think to some extent part of this is over correcting with all due respect To that point I mean the revision in the ordinance is calling for three parking spaces per every multi-family apartment or town home But in the other part of the ordinance you only need two spots for a single-family residential house So I could have a five bedroom house with eight nine people live in there and have two spots But if I have a five hundred square foot studio apartment. I'm required to build three spots correct It just doesn't make any sense Well Jordan I want to first of all I want to thank you for being here and for y'all's families a continued investment in youngsville I think without your dad's Instrumental advice and knowledge. I think that youngsville honestly wouldn't have boomed the way they did had Sugar will pond not been developed So I'll say that to start with Secondly the other reason I'm a second of the motion to introduce this is to have discussion about it. I don't know if we're really about 90% of it um I think that it does I get the whole eyes and tees and we need to update some things because of an old ordinance But you know, I have an architect who designs in Jacksonville. I have family who lives in celebration I've been to see sawd a thousand times By doing exactly what is done in this ordinance. There's no point in even building a tnd You soon just built something else totally agree I get the parking issues, but a lot of these issues that we're gonna have sound like neighborly issues and things that are without your control Things that we need to decide between H.O.A. Covenants and then legalities standpoints with the police I don't think they're destroying and botching an entire ordinance To run a development for today and the future is what we need to do um That's the net and I don't and to me that's not just my opinion I think vicious facts. I think that's what a tnd was designed to do I think by doing this you pretty much just do not call it a tnd ordinance. I appreciate that I couldn't agree more Yeah, I would love to sit down with you in the future there just to go over some things about the way you'd add a division What the tnd design and what you're doing in vision for the future With you know obviously some tweaks and stuff, but I think the majority what we have here works for his intentions Happy to meet any time. Appreciate it. Thank you. Mr. Nile Oh, I already told okay I'm gonna shop on your in the kitchen. I don't want to exclude Oh I just hope that Everyone knows tonight including Jordan That this ordinance was redesigned with the best interest of the people that live in that neighborhood now And things that are not working without a commitment From the developer To correct some of the things that are in this ordinance Problems will continue to exist and they will consent continue to manifest themselves Now there's a there's a solution to that we can move But we shouldn't have to move Out of the subdivision to correct just a few things that should be done Well, there's more than just a few things because there there are a lot of engineering facts in here that need to be corrected in an ordinance I love working with people But there has to be a commitment and a compromise that goes both ways I couldn't agree more I mean to be fair you didn't even let me know that this has been introduced I found out from the the Bailey family Jordan I sat on the board You'll use some of the concerns that we have had So Don't come and say that you didn't know about any of these concerns far I was aware of the water view concerns that we just went over and I do have to say water view has been sold right a couple times We still have some minority investors, which is mr. Rodney Savo That has agreed to he would help work. He's a minority Investor but hasn't those apartments been sold a couple times maybe I'm not aware it's not my complex. Yeah So I guess we're getting no No cooperation. I guess is that what we're living with no cooperation No, I think you said a few things but there's like 16 pages of things. I mean it's not a few It's the whole ordinance is completely destroyed You rewrote the whole thing it's not a few things the whole thing is botched so that's not a team D ordinance You rewrote it to be a whole new development to what you want not a team did all right Tell me what is some of the other ones since you bringing it up I mean all we I mean you I'm not gonna sit here on the whole ordinance You know, it's not just once the whole ordinance We could go through a line about you went through it line by line and dictated and changed everything in here to what you felt needed to be best The fit it's not just a few things. I mean look at it's a it's a book. It's very extensive. Yes Right, so my point is is that what you did was not just changed a few things to update them You changed the ordinance to fit what you thought will be best, but it's no longer a team D ordinance If that's the case then if you win if it wasn't good enough and it wasn't successful Then they wouldn't have built all the show upon and expanded what they did they would have moved out when somewhere else And they would be about to do something else here again. I mean it works for its intended purposes during it nothing in life is perfect But what what what the intention of this ordinance was to accomplish was accomplished and grown with with great success I Can't agree more because when the Bayley Grove group came in tall and it was posted on Facebook Like 600 something kind it was something ridiculous The amount of and and probably the only negative thing I saw on there was Well, leaving home and getting there's gonna be a little difficult. Well, that's a city problem That's it's already an issue, you know, we're we have room to expand there But the excitement for another T&D development with that as a school in the heart of it and other things And a lot more pocket areas There was a lot of people excited. I mean that's I'd like just a little clarification because some of the comments made are relative to some of the common areas I had sugarmopon You know my my appreciation From working with the dagels for years is that the community was welcome In common areas. I've always felt welcome As a resident of young zool Whether I choose to walk my dog or whether I choose to ride my bike Now of course, I've never established the business there, you know to squat on somebody else's property I wouldn't do that But I think that's where perhaps the internal neighborhood security comes in like hey not quite the intended use You know get a special event permit I've also always felt welcomed doing the same in river range You know, I don't I think that you know the town square is beautiful there and you you go and I don't I think it's uncommon to see somebody Sitting out and being part of it. So I believe that was my appreciation of those spaces Correct. I mean with if we just wanted it to be open to the resident to be gated There's a reason it's not gated And without outside non-resident feedback and people venturing into the neighborhood the businesses internal to the neighborhood wouldn't survive We need outside residents to come into the field to business and I don't deny that and I don't disagree with that That doesn't say anything in this new ordinance that they cannot uh They cannot access those areas This ordinance does not say that so and we we welcome. I mean we have events. We love our events in that neighborhood You see and people come in We welcome people At like I'm mr. Landry. I'm sorry. I'd love to give you the last word if you'd like. I know I Okay, any more questions No, I'll reach out to you George Miss. Landry thanks. Thank you for being patient That's not a problem You're right. The water view apartment is what started all this okay And you know it'd be one thing if That inhibiting parking places and they're dedicated parking But they to do it's a never full never full Um, I go to classy canine my dogs get groomed there once a month There's a Louis uh laugh yet. Please car parked in front there every single day He lives in near apartments Okay You know, it it'd be a simple solution but I still think That this ordinance needs to be tweaked Okay, uh all the red stuff that's that is strictly to me that's engineering stuff that has to do with the the rules of the parish Okay, so don't be blown away because there's so much red. It's because it wasn't in there and it should have been in there Now the blue stuff Look apartments. I don't have a problem with the apartments But hold them to the standard in the neighborhood that they're in Okay, and I think any future apartments that are built in in this city Needs to have dedicated parking and they need to have tags and they need to park in their apartment complex It just makes sense to me Because the outside parking and then you have people that want to run businesses out So but at least I appreciate it. It's a wonderful subdivision Nothing's perfect, but that doesn't mean you don't strive for perfection Okay So don't throw the baby out with the bath water All right This this the board have a relationship with the water view manager because I I can't tell you Who that individual I'll put it this way I handled lights in the subdivision for almost three years Security would make a list of the street lights that were out they'd put it under my Dormat every week. I type it up. I send it to slimco Well water view apartments had lights that were out So I would copy the manager on those lights They're still out today So that'll answer you question Well they may you know, I you know, I look at lighting is lighting security Okay, that's what keeps the the bad element out. I happen to have a trailer park RV park in Donne, Sanville Y'all really want to go someplace that has problems Go see Donne, Sanville Okay Nicole can I withdraw my second please? Huh? How do you do it? Thank you So I put LED lights and cameras while I saw that problem So it doesn't matter where it is you could you can improve things Yes, sir. All right Look, I don't mind being part of a meeting with the water view manager I know when we had when the meeting that I was part of where we did have a one of the owners present He said he would follow up with the apartment complex and it's gotten a lot better And he did it's gotten a lot better but like I said the police car hadn't moved yet But I guess let me offer my help If you'd like me to be part of helping for so I'll say this and I guess I'm drawn in comparison the the manager for sugarmovillas um, I Witten no her if I saw but I know her name and she's very engaged and she's she's uh Interacts quite often. Yeah, you know, so um, I have a contact there. I you know, so you know, I don't mind It means similar to how we have relationships with HOA throughout our city if we need a From the city lean in and and and maybe you know speak with a with with that voice to try to engage the You know apartment manager, you know little bit but the one thing that bothered me you know, I heard a comment made that Well, we don't want apartments. I don't have a problem with apartments But they got to follow what The rest of the neighborhood follows. Yes, sir. I mean it just doesn't make sense that you put an island in a in a Subvision the tally restricted and and it can become animal house Okay, that just that that's not That's not good So thank you All right That I missed something on I would do a second so it does emotion from some island and I protrude the second So just like the emotion currently so somebody wants to say Mayor Mr. Romero. I don't uh, I will second this Uh, there are a lot of things I don't agree with but I'm gonna hopefully Highly encourage every single one of us have the five of us to meet with Anybody from the neighborhood mr. Dagle Uh, Prescott whose potential feature gonna build a tnd because there's a lot of uh Work that from my understanding from Pam and Nicole. There's a lot of things that are being that needed to be revised on this So I think for the sheer sake of those revisions. I'm seconding this motion But if it changes it's gonna have to be reintroduced right From this well, no, we would have to make a revision when we final approve it next month If it's up for it'd be on the next month's agenda Any changes without being a part of that motion correct correct Or approved as is Yeah, it's either approved as is next month or With any i guess i'm just gonna wait to make a second on introducing until we had it Where we wanted it at versus where was it today that's that's that's a personal opinion that so yeah, yeah, I get it. I mean all right, so Missful jonna would drew and mr. Romero is now seconding Miss jumpines of initial motion mr. Nyland I was just gonna say that it would it would be nice to just have the ordinance submitted with what the Required changes were to be able to see what the actual required Things are versus all the extra Stuff in there it would make it much easier to digest and look at everything to make sure that it all lines up Um, that would have been my only request Is there any other comment from the public we would welcome your feedback at this time All right, there's been a motion and second As far as you have a question. Nope. No, all right. There's a motion and second and there's no additional comment misgid your please call the vote to introduce Far as yes Mr. Volgiano no mr. Romero yes, mr. Nyland no This shop yes, motion All right Ornance is for introduction item 9.1 Oh excuse me at a 9.2 ordinance 503 2025 And aggregate amendment and revisions of the city of young zoe state of Louisiana's and young zoe sales tech district one sales and use text ordinance total in 3.5% Yeah, if it's the council's pleasure. I've missed her drew talbot's been waiting has been here very patiently So mr. Talbot. Thank you for joining us this evening sir. Thank you. Good evening mr. Mayor members of the council My name is drew talbot. I'm an attorney from Baton Rouge, Louisiana And I specialize in sales and use tax matters uh, what's before you is as the agenda item says is it's taking the four separate sales tax impositions in the city of youngsville It's aggregating them into one document and it's revising your terms In your ordinance to comport with current state ball It does not increase taxes. It doesn't change anything about the dedication of the proceeds or anything else It's just a I think a good government measure um, in this case the Sales and use tax ordinances that are currently in effect were adopted in 1968 1981 1999 and 2011 and since those documents that memorialized Each of those sales taxes or went into effect those documents haven't been updated and it's a good time to update them and the reason I suggest that is because Under the governor's leadership Last fall there was the third extraordinary session of the legislature where we call it the tax reform session and major changes were made to state statutory law And these changes had effect at both the state level and the local level automatically So What has happened especially with the passage of time certainly from the oldest ordinances but even from the 2011 ordinance is you've got terms That seem to be outdated and what this Proposed aggregate ordinance does is it just makes it abundantly clear that the sales tax law in the city is the same as it is throughout the rest of the state Um, I can certainly go into a lot of detail Happening answer any questions Um, but I'll leave it at that for right now Hey, thanks for waiting to and have hours pleasure patiently I've dealt with this with my own personal work with the digital tax and everything Think was it march or somewhere around there it actually went into effect or January 1. January 1 Okay, I guess we took an effect in March um, we're we're paying this as a community as an individual you already paying this netflix Hulu Whatever else you want to you know online All that stuff essentially what we're doing here is accepting this tax funding As a municipality by Moving forward with this like to dummy it down Yeah, and you know if I wanted to really get technical with you Um One of the major changes just to make sure everybody's on the same page one of the major changes made during the tax reform session was the legislature In my view clarified the law With respect to digital products and they were there was at the time there was some existing uh litigation and digital products is a very broad term But there was a litigation about certain things being included already under the old law as taxable or not This was in my view a clarification of the law But it's important to note As we consider this agenda item. What does your ordinance do? And what can your ordinance do versus what it can't do um, and so to go into the statute If if you look today and this was effective what we call the uniform local sales tax code is effective in July of 2003 It says the terms in your ordinance Do not apply Except for the following the rate of tax the effective date the term The purpose of the proceeds vendors compensation and then certain exemptions and exclusions what so so You know digital products will the legislature already satisfied that It's already taxable here So why go through this exercise and the reason is because the citizens in the city the businesses that operate in the city that transact in the city Can pull your ordinance and look at it and rely upon it and so You know, I think it's best practice to make sure that we Make sure that if the state law reads a certain way our law reads a certain way even though from a legal perspective What the ordinance says or doesn't say on that subject is really irrelevant I know that's a long way around But did that answer your question What we have correct would it tax no matter what Now it's just a matter of youngs will cleaning up our tax laws and making sure that we're in Essentially in compliance correct Because no matter what if we don't vote for this I'm still paying the extra tax next month on my netflix selling my online stuff everything else Yes, sir and in fact and just to give a little context I represent 44 parishes including Latvian and the school board who's the sales tax collector for all the taxing authorities and Latvian I recommend it to all of my clients You know basically the entire state that this be done that this exercise to update to modernize Uh, just as kind of a piggybacking effort from what the state was doing with tax reform This is essentially local tax reform, but you're right The state has already made the decision so that we don't have multiple sets of rules in every different jurisdiction And every other municipality I believe around us is already adopted this exact I don't know for the most part the timing about it, but yeah correct. Yes Miss Shampa thank you Okay, when we say this has been being collected. It has just been since January of 2025 So We've got to define what what this is so if you're asking about digital products. Yeah, digital price so Under the old law we had Various examples that I can give you so for example If I wanted to purchase a Microsoft office I could go to the Microsoft website and you download that program onto your computer That was very clearly the transfer of software which is defined to be tangible personal property under the old law Microsoft would charge tax to that customer would collect it and would remit it Okay, that was old law and I'll give you a different example um I use QuickBooks in my business QuickBooks was an online based system You know, I don't download any program I but I access it via the web on my computer. I put my information about my you know revenue and expenses And then I can certainly download reports But it's all cloud-based At you know the so-called software as a service well quick books was not charging the sales tax now You know that's where there were some disputes and you had some software providers That would say well even though we're cloud-based. We're going to charge the tax and you had others that would say well I'm not and then there was some litigation involving that and there was some interesting court cases and opinions But this was in a state of flux and so during the tax reform session testimony from the secretary of the Department of Revenue talked about this provision clarifying the law in that respect but making making it clear that everybody is going to play by the same rules and that Even the cloud software providers would charge tax so it was a really a mixed bag Depending upon the company the nature of the digital product and Other things associated with that space. So what do you say when someone says this is a new tax because we've never collected it before I'd say that The the Landry administration through the secretary would would disagree with that and that You know that was currently up to the court. I believe there was some jurisprudence in favor of the state On that point and even in the past if we had to go to the voters for an increase in sales tax or sales tax And we had to bring it to the voters what allows this not to be brought to the voters So this is the uniform local sales tax code. This is title 47 section 337.2 What that section says is you know, so The first the name we're making local sales tax uniform that the legislature did this in 2003 And by doing that they said that all of the local ordinances throughout the state are irrelevant With with the following exceptions and I just listed them the rate of tax the term the dedication of the proceeds certain exemptions and exclusions So the legislature has already decided that they're going to determine at a state and local uniform level What definitions are what things are are not taxable What happens if we don't pass this Who does the state have a hammer that they can come down on us? um if you don't pass it then The the tax is still going to be imposed. They say it's still going to be charged and collected Collect the school board is our taxing authority correct so the school board would still admit that tap submit that tax to the city We wouldn't know what that is though because it's it's uh I use this example when when you buy something off the internet you have that sales tax and it's just one one amount one percentage So but that's not divided up when it goes to the school board office is it like if if I buy numerous things if I buy digital if I buy Hardware right all from the same company. They don't separate it. So do we have any idea what is generating? So you're correct that that they don't segregate out based on the category of the transaction um Some of the tax at the local level Would be remitted through the school board as the single collector for Lafayette parish Some of the tax will go through the what's called the remote sellers commission Which collects all sales tax state and local from remote sellers. So those are your internet companies that Uh are delivering packages into youngsville, but they don't have a physical presence in the state. They don't have employees in the state um The only way to know for sure The amount of tax recovered From digital products is simply to audit the companies that sell digital products And so um, I believe there have been some estimates put out at a statewide level as part of the administration's tax reform Package last fall But I don't have any specific numbers that I could share with you for the city So like we just stated if we if we would do nothing if that The city would still receive the 3.5 percent Yes based on that this on that law and the state law yes. I think though The the purpose here is just to to clean this up and to make sure it is clear that there's not a A different set of rules to anybody that would pull the ordinances and look and to modernize things There's you know some of these um like for example the 1968 ordinance has references to definitions that are irrelevant now that have been removed Uh, that have some of them have statutory references that have now been changed So it's more than just the digital products issue Okay, thank you You Motion Second Excuse me motion by mr. Volgiano second by mr. Nylon any council discussion Any public comment Give me skidry there's no public comment. Please call the rule Miss Boris Yes Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Romero yes Mr. Nylon yes No Mr. Talbot thank you sir Chinatum 9.3 ordinance 507 2025 in ordinance the city of youngsville established and it recognizes in a fire prevention bureau Within the youngsville volunteer fire department Is the chief here Austin Captain would you like to address the council sir? I'm here if anybody has any questions about it What it means I don't know if y'all've talked about it yet, but all this does is establish us to act In lieu of the fire state far marshal to be able to do yearly inspections on buildings and the idea behind it is we can get rating points for it to improve our PIL rating Having a fire bureau for prevention bureau This is a strategic move forward by the board of directors of the fire department to Put our best foot forward to maintain and strengthen our fire rating and put us in the best posture prior to the next rating process We do Reading but this is gonna allow us when we're doing inspections that if there's any kind of Large hazards that will be moved within the facility or someone moves out and some moves back in They may get a new certificate of occupancy, but we were not catch all those so essentially if You know a boutique moves out and Halibut moves in per se and that just very drastic difference, but we'll know that there's you know large quantities of fuel oil things that have Radioactive material things like that that we're gonna know about in case of an incident. We'll know about those things but By having someone in this bureau with fire prevention when we go to schools and then obviously in more in-depth Inspection with us before the after the farm marshal's initial inspection Grants us a lot more rating points so the insurance premiums then would come down And it helps us organize how we can keep things I guess Foul per se Miss Boris I was just making a motion. All right. Thank you, ma'am motion by councilman boroughs Is there a second also second by councilor Bolgiano any council discussion any public comment? What's the cost of that? When we were figuring out what we did was we took our previous rating and we Did all the math behind it figured out where we could approve and there's multiple ways we could approve This was the most costly efficient way if you look that it does like How much money you paid to bring up the rating? So basically this would we would hire one person to do this or software or CRM that we use right now already has the ability to do it So there's no cost in there. It's basically one salary To have somebody do it We met with a couple different bureaus Chief and I and ask them we know how many businesses are in young zoo and everything of how many businesses one person can do and for example brusort has this and one of their part-time guys Can do about 500 businesses a year and when we were getting the list together. I think we're right at probably At 400 by the time we get all this done So I wouldn't anticipate needing a second person for a little while So you're looking at one less than a hundred probably 70,000 with benefits and all For that one position Okay, it's a part-time person. No, it'd be a full-time position Yeah, but now this with his sole job would be doing inspections and pre-plans and stuff and uh, yeah Could help out as a safety officer on fire scene when asked to but uh his primary focus would be doing the yearly inspections now the Farm martial would still handle like pre-construction inspections and stuff And planning but uh, we wouldn't get any extra credit for doing that so doesn't really make sense for us to Do that for the rating purposes Thank you Captain any public comment Okay, there's no public comment misgidry. Please call the vote for introduction Mr. Volgiano yes, Mr. Marmero yes, Mr. Nailie yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, no All right, we'll move into announcements. Susan you're ready. Erie So We'll we'll do Susan Pam Tim Um for the uh waste water plan we we awarded that contract They're gonna be ready to go pretty quickly. So we've got to get that done by December of 2026 with the water Water sector money um the pump stations Haven't changed much pump station four we're finishing up that design and I'm sorry pump station four is complete And the final payment was submitted Um, station three is complete and we're waiting for the lean period to expire. They've addressed all the punch list items The water plant we're at 80 percent complete. We met today to um figure out The transition from the old plant to the new plants that we're getting close Uh, sugarmere upon we're still trying to nail down the forced main route and pump station five. We're finishing that design Thank you any questions for Susan It was a great week. We've had some meetings Well, of course as I mentioned earlier relative to the to the funding for the wastewater treatment plan expansion, but also to really uh work with uh Susan Terry our water department led by Alex and really start looking at Our fire department uh captain was shot well was with us As was the fire cheap to where we're really going to start mapping out the service area for our new water plant So real excited about that. So this has been a long time in the making and uh Can't believe we're almost finished Almost finished but really just getting started. Yeah, yeah, so as we as we move into that I mean, I'll be able to you know There's no no difference for the residents other than the the plant source will be different for some of our community once we once we move forward with Turning it on yep, so all right Susan. Thank you. Thanks again for the water sector work Pam Yes, so highway 89 we're about 55% complete. We've moved all of the median Space and so we're now we're moving select fill onto the two Northbound lanes at this time And so that we can get that done salsa minute and then pave it then we'll open it up And start work on the west side, but we do have all of the drainage already done um on the west side as well So it's moving right along It's 55 based on pay items. It's more percent complete than that if you actually go and look in the road But if you go based on the pay items as where it's at Fortune road we haven't done anything on fortune in the last probably six weeks because our focus has been on Multiple teams on highway 89 To get that done quicker Larriviere as the mayor said they're kind of blowing and going they've probably got about So we're 800 feet of pipe laid out and drainage structures on the east side of the road already and all of the everything's been cleared as well It is southbound only traffic for that For for larriviere for the next year And some coolee detention where everything's been approved on our drainage. We're still waiting on the core permit Shima agriop and the Highway 92 widenings designed we need to sit with the mayor so that we can go over the plans before we advertise for bids um And then highway 92 widening i think the coal got something today on the debrief for that particular funding application we went through and we have not heard about The sidewalk application for highway 89 The last thing is do you want to talk about the CRS me some good news after being here for as many hours. Yeah, I think everybody needs a Moot moot pick her up so um This this everybody from a standpoint of a female you know, we've done a lot of things within the city And um about two and a half years ago Garrett and Clint Submit an application to get into the community rating system for female which allows you the opportunity to start getting discounts for those who do purchase flood insurance policies based upon the things that we currently do um many many communities enter in just like a nine we did have enough to bring us into a 10 Which would mean that all of the starting in April of 2026 the 1445 Current policies. That's how many policies you have so You know if you do simple math you got 20,000 people. It's normally three per-people per household That's the average you're looking at six thousand homes. So you probably have about 20% of your residents that currently have flood insurance Um a 10% on a policy like myself. I have a policy zone. It's on the next policy I pay a thousand dollars a year. So that's a hundred dollar savings So at a minimum if ever at a minimum people are gonna save a hundred dollars We don't have it. There are no five hundred dollar female flood insurance policies anymore not since 2016 nobody seen that So you're looking at on the low in 145,000 dollars of savings for your residents annually to an upwards limit depending on those who are paying way more than what I'm paying It could be close to the 200,000 so that's going to be an annual savings to the young civil residents And we will continue to improve There are certain things we're trying to get to there are surrounding communities that have a seven the problem is there Some activities you cannot get points for until after you already in the CRS program and then they measure based upon your improvement so There are several things that we're doing already and things that are really small low-hanging fruit that we can do to get us into that seven by the time the next When the one that that's our goal and that would mean a 15% discount So just to clarify this I don't think this matters but For the for the late public, but I think we're entering as a is an eight is an eight Yeah, so what what does this mean for you? What it means is anybody that has a flood insurance policy Nearly close to I guess 1500 people I mean our number is was that near close to 1500 from 2023 I think Garrett told us So 1500 people so I think it's easily going to be $200,000 savings that can be back into our community Back rather back into the pockets of our policy holders for them to to spend as they want I mean in today, I mean I see my goal you hear about insurance is cost escalations everywhere where the homeowners flood car you name it so big thank you to Garrett and big thank you to Pam For really taking the bull by the horn and getting it done They're right Clint that was one of our his strategic projects that we tasked Garrett and Clint with years ago Fortunately, unfortunately when we called FEMA and say we're looking for a discount And we want to be the community we want to do the community rating survey turn until full blown audit So not what we were asking for but we did get through it and post the FEMA audit Definitely happy about the work because it's something that It can go right back to the hands of the policy holders so Garrett thank you Pam thank you Appreciate it Anything else y'all got? No Approximately when you think those two lanes will be open for for 89 I would say we have 400 trucks left of dirt to move So another five days of hauling dirt is also meant and then hating All good weather two weeks if not three Fortunately, we have the dirt So yeah, all right. Thank you Pam Tim We recently finished all the YSC all-star season for baseball and softball And all the world series tournaments Our Mustang world series ties into our sports and tourism You know, it's a great tournament to expose our city to the teams, you know internationally and around the United States Our Mustang league team Did really well this year They way would have have the experience to practice and scrimmage China They beat Chicago and they competed well in two games against Mexico So it was a great tournament indoor volleyball for the girls we started practice this week We registered 651 girls Adult softball games have started this week with 86 teams Our summer beach league has started playoffs this week Southside soccer F&A football Flag football will begin practicing at the end of this month And then we'd like to thank you know Shannon and Jan Lachelay Nick Lachelay and and councilman Ramero with the Lions Club for donating money to Improved inclusive play set and add with the safety of it by adding aluminum fencing around the inclusive place Yeah, huge thanks to every Lions Club member. Thank you so much for For fun raise and investing that money back into our parks at rack so great addition To complement the leadership benches that are out there and it continues to I know put a smile on a lot of faces when we see that playground being used So and we we received a great compliment from the team traveling from China here So great job every resident of young of young those should be proud All right Terry anything chief Officers we have today Officer A bear Come from iberia pair sheriff's office with 16 years experience and law enforcement Wanted to come serve the community young still Now we're happy to have him. I just wanted to introduce our body to him Officer A bear welcome to young so we're happy to have you on the team sir So chief your staff now we have one opening as now We have a civil service meeting coming up and then we'll staff the last position great Anything else sir? No sir. All right. Thank you for the update Haley Just a reminder each sweet restaurant weeks is going on so please get your passport get out visit those restaurants And that is all yet you have to august 31st All right, thank you Haley Terry All right Let's see the I guess the two comments I'd like to share and then we'll open if there's any public any council comment First I want to share that at the Louisiana Municipal Association We For the Community Achievement Awards the citizens of youngsville did receive an honorable mention in community development for the expansion of the Sports Complex so very proud of that achievement There was a lot of great projects that were submitted for community achievement. So it's always great to see the wonderful things that are happening in the towns villages and cities across Louisiana Want to extend I think Congratulations again the new LMA president is our neighbor Mayor Ray Bork so it's really good to see a local mayor lead that organization for the next year And last comment I guess I just wanted to make was relative to you know this year Nine years since the flood of 2016 I didn't acknowledge it that day, but You know just for those of you that flooded it may not a day goes by that We don't have some level of discussion relative to drainage and the progress that our public works and engineering team makes to where drainage it continues to be at the forefront of everything that we do Which is really the reason why we don't make it you know a Reason to acknowledge But for everyone that That flooded in that event, you know, we're still working To to lower your flood risk to lower the flood risk mitigation One of the things I was interesting that was brought to my attention this week Was the high amount of funds that were made available after the 2016 Flood event and how very little of them Have been put into action For whatever reason. I mean if you know of we Said that we were the only the first two to get through the hurdle and also the construction but just Project after project that are falling off our myriad of reasons whether it's the the the In part bureaucratic process to go through the benefit cost analysis and the return on investment calculations or Change in political leadership changes a lot of priorities Because you really have to have stamina to see that level of grant funding through and it's really disappointing that Despite having congressional hearings in December or November of 2023 specific to that Case where Pam testified We still have just limited amount of funding that's that's getting spent to lower bait flood risk mitigation. So That's all I have or there any announcements from the council All right Mr. Ramirez yeah chief if you can go back and Command all your officers working Traffic flow for the schools and everything the morning. I mean I have one at archive one at Southside I pass got let when I leave home to go to work and Haven't seen any complaints or craziness like we have in the last couple years Not gonna wood for you, but they're doing a great job. I know you have some extra guys out there too. I've noticed so thanks Any other announcement. Oh, I'm sorry Thank you. Any other announcements All right emotion by mr. Volgiano's their second all in favor Meeting adjourned have a great evening