 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you so the many successes that we've seen in and throughout our city. Lord, we thank you for just the blessing that you have bought upon us through the leadership here, through our many building projects, the school expansions, and the sports complex, and so many things, Lord, we have to be grateful for. And Lord, as we enter into this Christmas season, Lord, we just pray your blessings upon our families, upon our businesses, upon our hearts, Lord. I pray that as many go through difficult and challenging times during this season, Lord, I pray that you just send your Holy Spirit to minister to their hearts and heal them and bless them. And we thank you for that, Lord. And I just pray that you bless our time together tonight, Lord, as we just discussed the city business. Lord, I pray for just unique ideas, perspectives for patience, Lord, for understanding. And Lord, I just pray just your blessings upon our mayor and our city council, Lord, I pray that you give them wisdom, insight, and perspective as they just deal with the business of Young'sville. And we thank you for them. And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Thank you, Pastor, Councilman Shampa, would you please leave the place? I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. One nation under God in the visible with liberty and justice for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Faris, here. Mr. Volgiano, here. Mr. Romero, and Mr. Knailin, or absent. Ms. Shampa, here. All right, thank you, Nicole. A council, Chief Bruce Hart has given the administration a request to a table agenda item 7.2, which is the introduction of ordinance 509 2025. So at the appropriate time, at that point in the agenda, the request from the Chief would be a motion to table. A agenda item 3.1 is approval of the November 13th, 2025, meeting minutes, motion by Mr. Volgiano, and a second by Ms. Faris. Is there any public comment? I have public comments. Yes, sir. I approve of them. I want to say thank you, and Merry Christmas to you, can. Merry Christmas to the City Council. And Merry Christmas to Young'sville. They've been so good to me, my wife. And that's what I want to say. Thank you. Great, thank you. Thank you. Any other public comment? OK, hearing no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Mr. Faris? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Shampa. Yes. Motion approved. agenda item 4.1 is approval of the October 2025 Finance Report. Is there a motion? All right, motion by Councilman Shampa and a second by Councilmember Volgiano. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry, there's no public comment. Please call the roll. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Shampa? Yes. Ms. Faris? Yes. Motion approved. Right, agenda item 5.1 is a variance request to allow a reduction in the setback to 5 foot in green belt spacing for hot food express located at 405 Church Street. Is there any other questions? Yes. Yes, they are. Yes. Yes, they are. Yes. The owner and designer design team. Here's architect. Right. So come up and take a look. Did you have a question with them? If you don't mind, please. Mr. Volgiano, so you have the floor. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you for being here tonight. We appreciate the invitation. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for being here tonight. We appreciate the investment into Young'sville. I was just curious. What were the maximum parking spaces you all were looking to achieve on the, I guess, within the property design? I think we have approximately 20 spots. I don't have the numbers right on top of my head right now. But we were trying to accommodate potential for future seating and not have to build out anything after this initial development. Okay. And what was the, I guess, the main reason for the five-foot setback that was just to maximize parking and, I guess, square foot of the room. That's my parking because our clients purchasing additional property to be able to park on site and to build the maximize, utilize that parking area basically and also maximize the site. We feel like riding an eight-foot tall fence along the property line and having a five-foot minimum setback, what allow for landscaping and allows enough green area to comply with zoning requirements. Okay. And I'm pretty sure the fence that's there now existing is chain link right, it's metal. I believe it is. It's only a four-foot fence, I believe. Right. So we're going double-end wood to prevent sound barrier. That's correct. Okay. All right. Councilman Shampa. Thank you, Mayor. My question is really, Garrett's not here. I'm sure Pam will be able to answer. What is the normal setbacks? Because residential is five foot from on each side and 10 feet in the back. So what is commercial, what would this commercial buffer have been? It would have been 10 feet. So we'd reduce it by five feet. Yes, ma'am. And there is a home on one side and in the back. Correct. Correct. And the home in the back is the one that's selling the property for them to use so they are very well aware of what they're doing. It's entire property. They're not leaving the house. It's entire property. No, they're leaving the house. They're leaving the house and that house will remain with all of its setbacks it's needed. But it had so much extra property that the person wanted to sell it. And so they are aware of where the property line is going to be compared to them and the fence. Can you not abide by the side setback on where there's a house right on the side? Instead of coming five feet in from the property line on the house on the side. If you're facing the property that you're building. We may be able to negotiate a little bit further away. But we tend to think is encroaching on we're trying to create a street skate. Seating out on the exterior to make the exterior more pedestrian friendly. And we also are providing for automobile parking that's off on street parking. So that kind of encroaches in plus our setbacks are so great on the street side on the side street side. We really like to have that. We like to encroach into that 10th foot of possible. Mayor, do we have any of the owners of those two properties with us tonight? I know they don't have to be notified. Is there any adjacent property owner here? I think one one one of the considerations in the conversations I've had with Mr. Rova show and Mr. Z the owner is in order to accommodate angle parking on third street. So that's also a reason that the request was to be able to shift the building more to the east, I guess. More to the east in line with where the previous building was. What are the hours of the business? I think it's going to be a good day. Six days a week, seven days a week, six closed on which day, Sunday. And you don't sell alcohol, right? Because you'll never be able to sell alcohol right there. I think that's all right now. Any other council discussion? It's open for public comment anyone wishing to address the council on this on this topic. Okay, looks like there's no public comment. I'm a skidry please call the vote. Oh, my apology. Okay. Yes, ma'am. Can we hold the CEO until the fences up until the fence and the landscaping is up. Normally we give a CEO in the buildings complete with that be a possibility. Absolutely. To make sure the fence is up in eight feet. Yes, that's certainly fine. All right, is there any other. I'm sorry, Mr. Bulljana. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So thank you both. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you both. Thank you both. 5.2 is a second variance to allow a 13.5 foot reduction to the front Rier setbacks for a mobile home located at 156 per million circle. This is where you would make a motion if you're interested in discussing it. Oh, what? I'm sorry. That's okay. I'll need a motion from the council floor to consider it. A motion by Mayor Pro Temples, Gianna. Is there a second? Okay. Again, unfortunately, there's no second. So we won't be able to move on with that topic either. We can do the same. We can our office will be in contact with you to discuss a little bit further. 6.1. Request for preliminary plan approval of tracked A1 live-o gas station located section 12, T11S, R4E members in your packet. There's a letter from Mr. Hutsbeth and it's being represented this evening by Ms. Grange. Thank you, Mayor. Council. We recommend the City of Youngsville Prood the preliminary plan, subject to the following comments and to all of the attached ADRC review comments. We recommend no waivers to the two-plat revisions that are in the ADRC review. We need a note requiring sidewalks on all city streets bordering the property. We need a legal description. We need them to include building setbacks. We need them to include the flood note, label the drainage channels, include the utility niche on the southwest corner and put my next page. And all of the rest of them are the standard notes that we have where they have to come to us for water, for sewer. The 25-year drainage, that is one of the ones we recommend a waiver to the one from ADRC and use our detention and drainage requirements. All right. Thank you, ma'am. Council, are there any questions for Ms. Grange? I just have a question. Yes, ma'am. Is this going to be, well, Lucas is here. Is this going to be the same as what we have here in the roundabout? Same owner, now, right? Yes, ma'am. Same owner. Same concept. Yes. They are here. The owner is here and is son. Yes, the same concept. Okay. I think with the crispy chicken. That's right on the corner. Is it going to be right on the corner of Savowanshim and Nero in the roundabout? Yes. Okay. Thank you. Any other council discussion? All right. Mr. Volgiano. Volgiano. Volgiano. All right. Emotion by Councillor Volgiano and Ms. Shampine. Seconds. Any further council discussion? All right. Any public comment related to the subdivision of this property? Yes, sir. I mean, would you mind sharing your name with us? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. My name is Jason Leonard. I actually got several of the people in the neighbourhood beside their to-signness. Our concern is the traffic. This is, am I correct? This is the one on bus subway and the right. That's correct, right, sir. So we're proposing a gas station right there and my morning commute for like many of us is begging for somebody to let us out of our subdivision right there. We've got a gas station that was already built less than a mile away. We've got a gas station coming right over there. Gas stations are negative, impact on people's property values. I just built the house right there. And I'm going to take an impact because everybody's coming into and this is a great part with regards to community itself. We've created a good community here. Everybody brings their kids in to go to Arca here. Everybody wants to play sports here. You know, this is a good environment and they come here and that's great. But we're sitting here as people that live here and we're having gas station right across from a community that's struggling to, because the infrastructure is not there, to even let us out when I'm the light. And I'm pretty sure they're going to make, you know, and hopefully they will be successful if they you prove this. But if they're not, then the other gas station less than a mile away will prevail. So this is a competition between two gas stations. And I don't see this as beneficial to me or the people in the actual neighborhood that's right next to it. Pay, if you don't mind as the engineer, can you tell them a little bit about traffic and how that's going to work? And some of the requirements from the city. So with regards to the traffic, they will be limited on Shimmet Metery. They're going to have to turn. It'll be a right in, right out. Which of course, we have a right roundabout right there. So anybody, even if you're trying to make a left hand turn, the purpose of the roundabout is to take a right, go to the roundabout, come around. So from the perspective of the roundabout being right there, the traffic issue, even if you gave it to a traffic engineer, the traffic engineer is going to do the calculations based upon turning right because there is a roundabout there, turn around. So if you are, which is why we've put all these roundabouts because we recognize within the city, left hand turns, or a big issue and it does block it. And that is why with a roundabout right there, yes, if I was getting out of the subdivision, I would always turn right, go to the roundabout, come back. That's how I get out of my areas. But we don't turn on Shimmetery. We turn on some boys. Right. So even if instead of turning left on Savuah, then it would be turn right, go to the round about, come back. Which is what the roundabout facilitates is left turns in all directions. So yes, they will have to look at a traffic impact analysis. They will have to look at it. Yes, part of it from a standpoint of the traffic that's going to occur, they just submitted their plans. We're going to look at them. We're going to see from standpoint of, because that's all dependent, how many pumps, different things are dependent on that traffic. And this parcel, the whole parcel was meant for commercial, right? That is correct. That is correct. That is commercial. And about some type of, that is correct. A shop in center, right? Yes. The whole parcel. Yes, we have seen numerous different things over the years on that parcel and win that owner, in the selling of it and the price of it. But yes, that is commercial. And based upon our ordinances, it has to be commercial as well. So that property, based on our 400 feet off of any of our major arterios, it has to be commercial. So there's not going to be a neighborhood right there unless somebody purchased that property and came for a variance. Thank you, May. Thank you, Mr. Leonard. Any council comment or discussion? Yes, Mr. Ricks. Mr. Ricks is the engineer on the property. Hi, my name is Jimmy Ricks, Southeast Engineers. There is one condition of platter approval. We're not requesting a waiver on item E with regards to the base flood elevation. Could we add a clause to say, or is worked out with engineering? The base flood elevation in that area is 22.2. The ground is about 20, but that's irrelevant. So there's definitely field to come in. BFE plus 1, which is common, would be 23.2. The center line of the road to the south is 23. The center line of the road to the east is 25. So we would have about seven or eight feet of fill. And like I said, that's irrelevant to where the ground is now. But the need to be four, five feet above the base flood elevation. If it's something that could be technically evaluated to where we could have a BFE plus 2 or a BFE plus 2 and a half, would they be open to that consideration? I think it's a reasonable request. If it's technically sound with payments office. Yeah, and for everyone's benefit, I mean, this, this, what we're really discussing this evening is relative to should this 1.5 acres be carved out from the larger unplatted property. But I know we know since we know your intention, I think it is fair to be able to speak about it. But no, I think that that's a reasonable, I think that's a reasonable request. Council, you do have an ordinance about so many feet above the road or the BFE. This is what I would consider to be a unique piece of property because the roundabout is so raised. But then also because the property slopes so much to the rear drainage channel. And the running sources to the west, right, the high side of the area is at the road. So it is a kind of an outlier situation. That's why I'll agree. Regarding technical review. You sir. Other than that, we have no. Pam, Pam's indicating to the council that she's that she's fine with that. Look as an iron bull. Okay, and I sorry, Lucas, I didn't see earlier when I started speaking. Okay. Is there any other public comment wishing to address the council? Yes, sir. All of our press field, we live in Cypress, Gordon. And the residents I've talked to kind of against number one for the flooding. We concern that, you know, the water is going to come to, you know, South, Port us and the traffic. They turn right and come on. So boy, they want to go back. They go out to come through our subdivision. And we don't spend over $3,000 this year and repair from people trucks and trying to get through the. The entrance. In front. So I'm just here. Thank you. Would you get more traffic and more damage? Yes, sir. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Cartwheel. Anyone else wishing to address the council? Okay, there's been a motion and a second on this item. There's no public, no further comment. Miss Gidry, please call the road. Ms. Barraz? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Miss Shalpine? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Mr. Ricks and Mr. Bangas. We look forward to working with you guys. All right. Ordinance is for introduction. 7.1 is ordinance 508 2025. In ordinance of the city of Youngso, Louisiana, I'm mending the code of ordinances. Chapter 14 offenses. Article 1 in general in chapter 22 traffic and vehicles. Article 1 in general. Motion by councilman Shalpine. And a second by councilmember Volgiano. Is there any council comment or discussion? Miss Shalpine, yes. If you don't mind. Can you explain to us? Yes. We come in to compliance with state law. And are we going up on any fees? Traffic fees, fines? Yes. I mean, there was just a lot of red. Yeah. Fair questions. What we've done as an administration is taking, we had a, our court clerk retire earlier this year. The court clerk is now housed in this building, which is one of the, one of the administration's employees. So what we opted to do is to take a comprehensive look at the operations of mayor's court. And in doing so, we consulted with the, the LMA team that assembled the guidance for mayor's court relative to the fees specifically. There was an item or two, and I don't recall which ones they are. The only fees where there's adjustments or will be adjustments are related only to the statement mandatory fees that are there. There was maybe, it showed previously us $2.00. It increased to $3.00. I don't know which one specifically. I'm just using that as an example. It might have been like the, I think, like, indigent defender fund or something like that. So what moving forward on this does, uh, submitted passes and then it goes through the next round and it passes adoption. It would be adjusting our local ordinance and compliance with state law. And then would also reference the mandatory fees, um, without itemizing them. I believe was the intention. So therefore, uh, it would be the fee of what, that you're establishing for speeding as an example, which isn't changing, but rather than having the itemization of what those court mandated or state mandated fees are, it references state mandated fees. And it also, from our recollection, I think it clarified the court's ability, which this is not a change in policy, but it's a little bit more clearly outlined that juvenile matters aren't handled by the, by the mayor's court. Any other particulars in the call or way that y'all remember, perhaps? Yeah, that was it. If assuming, I mean, it's, it passes introduction favorably to an item. Happy to have the Arthur of it at your request, perhaps, chrome at the next meeting if you have concerns. And can the fees that are collected really go to the state and the entities that that's correct. That's correct. This, this does not increase any of the citations for, for the court. What we, what we realized was there was some discrepancy between a state law relative to a fee or two that was in conflict with our local ordinance. So this is a measure to, to clean up those. I mean, you'll notice the ordinance is so old. I think it refers to village or town in a few places. So, so we felt it was appropriate since we have a new court clerk to take a, to take a comprehensive look at it. Mr. Bulljohn, okay. Yes, ma'am, Ms. Barras. So you're taking the tables out of here, but we do have some kind of table that shows what citations over. We're just changing the mandatory state to match state. Yes, ma'am. So, okay. Yes. All right. Any public comment, any public comment related to the introductory ordinance. All right. There's no further comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Bulljiano. Yes. Ms. Shalpine. Yes. No, she's there. All right, agenda item 7.2's ordinance 509 2025 in ordinance amending ordinance 472 2022 to revise the duties responsibilities for the position of deputy chief of police within the Young'sville Police Department. Mr. Bulljiano. Motion to table ordinance 509 2025. All right. Thank you, sir. Ms. Barras. Second. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Bulljiano. Yes. Council comment. There's no council comment. Any public comment. All right. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Shalpine. Yes. Ms. Barras. Yes. Mr. Bulljiano. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. So, Ms. Barras, can I ask a few minutes? Pam, do you want to give us an update from your report, please? Absolutely. All right. So, Highway 89 is 75 percent complete. We're waiting for some good weather. So, we can get our SolSemit crew. Started. They need to first go on to Fortune Road, which is 88 percent complete. Reigning work there is the SolSemit and the curbing and concrete. We are hoping for better weather. Our kickoff for the Highway 92 and the Shemet Agriap Projects will be January 6th. Just to let everyone know, we will not start construction until after sugar cane season is over on Shemet Agriap because of the cane trucks. And on Highway 92, we will start working with the contractor for them to get their structures formed. We will wait till after the Motigrop parade, after February 14th, before we disturb Highway 92. I don't want to get caught. Prescott Roundabout, we're 75% complete with design on the Prescott Roundabout. Larivier Road, the drainage on the east side is completed to Shemet Mettery. I'm going to get an update from them when they're going to be installing the two bridge locations because of the time when the bridges are removed and replaced that will be some road closure, complete road closure at that time. Anselam Kooley, we still awaited the core permit. Like I told the bear I think it's been a year and a half total. We've been working with the court. It just sits on someone's desk. So we're going to try to see if we can get that moved again. By part just to give you guys an update that there is a channel cleaning project being put out by LCG. That includes our Bayou Park Purdue section from Highway 89 behind Glen, Lajé, where it starts all the way to Shemet Mettery Parkway. So just pass the sports complex. They're going to be coming. They're putting it out to bid. Work is scheduled around March. That they'll come through and they'll clean that. That's great. If I had given the opportunity to pick where I would want the parish to pay attention, it would be on that particular section. So that's wonderful. That's because this is the section where easements are tight between copper field, copper meadows. So that entire stretch there is going to be appreciated. They did share the plans. If you'd like a copy of the plans, I can forward them to. All right. Thank you, Pam. Yes, ma'am. It's so fun. I'm going to be on that road project. All the dirt. I mean, they're still using dirt from the... I'll just say it's 89. I just had six. Yes, you'll have me. 89. And there was me about. And the mounted dirt they have on the side of stable palms. Correct. I know they're still using dirt. Do we have a timeframe on when that will be taken care of? Because there's still some problems with the grass in between. Of course, there's coal right now. So the grass and all the time. The amount of dirt that was placed there was to finish all of Highway 89. So the schedule at which the rest of Highway 89 does is directly related to facility plant control given us the grant as we move. So we still have a lot of pipe to backfill as we come closer towards here on 89 plus subgrade in the areas where the road is elevated. So we still have a lot of dirt that we will be using. So I don't know the timeframe on that. And there, I know I've received, I'm sure y'all have received some complaints too, from stable palms with that mounted dirt button up to the fences, the fence lines. Right now it's probably not as much of a problem as coal, the grass isn't growing. But in the spring when the grass really starts growing, it's growing between their fences in their fences along that property line. So if maybe we can look at that and say there's anything we can do along there to kind of get rid of all that grass. It's hard, you can't weed it, I mean it's pretty tall. Yeah, but it's cold right now. Yeah, Amanda's here with this man and Terry, they can maybe walk it and see if we can come up with a plan to help address your concern. Thank you, ma'am. All right, thank you Pam, Tim, anything you'd like to share with the council. On the sports program inside, Diddy basketball has started their games on Saturday and Sundays. Hawaii, I see girls indoor volleyball, all-star teams will play their final of their three tournaments this Sunday. We will open registration for T-ball, baseball and softball on Monday and our posts will go out on that tomorrow. Raising Keynes, Tennis Center has won the facility of the year award for a second year. This award is for the top facility in the state of Louisiana, public or private. Bill Bryan is our tennis director also was awarded the Robert Dago Legacy Award. The award was for making a lasting contribution to tennis and the tennis community. So just as his name, it's for a legacy of giving to the sport of tennis. Recreation Center, Pickleball, Council and Agent and Free Play continue and then of course Saturday will be the second annual first assembly, Bonta, Christmas under the stars event from 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. We're excited about that looking forward to it, Pastor. Thank you for your contributions, all the volunteers and all the sponsors. I know it's grown in scope so we do appreciate all the dedication there looking forward to seeing everybody out there. Any other announcements from the administration? Ailey? One thing. December 19 is Jinklebell Knock so the chamber will be gone around and judging the Christmas decorations outside of businesses. So if you own a business, I encourage you to please go and register. There's a link on the chamber's website so that you can have your door decorations judged and we can have a little fun Christmas spirit going around and also Merry Christmas and Happy New Year everyone. Great. Thanks, Hayley. Chief Reved. I just want to say I don't want that to be holiday. All right, Chief Reved says Happy Holidays to everyone. Any announcements from the day is all right. There's no announcements as they're a motion to adjourn. Motion. All right, thank you, Mr. Boljano. Is there a second? All right, Ms. Champagne seconds, all in favor? All right. All right, meeting adjourned. I hope everyone has a very Merry Christmas. Thank you so much and have a great evening.