 you you you 9 Congratulations! All right, good evening everyone. Thursday June 12th we welcome you to Youngsville City Hall. If you'd please rise I'd like to ask for the invocation this evening to be led by Pastor Otis Marsh from White Dove Fellowship and then if you'll stay standing our pledge this evening will be led by Councilmember Nile. First of all I want to say it's a great honor to be here thank you for having me here this evening. We've been here for two years this is an absolutely beautiful city. I come from the Lake Charles area and coming in here I'm highly impressed with the work that you guys have done and I'm looking to see what the future holds and that's what we believe for us for the future. I want to read this afternoon out of Isaiah 58 11 and 12. The Lord will guide you continually and satisfy your soul even in drought and strengthen your bones you shall be like watered you should be like a watered garden and like a spring in of water whose waters do not fail. Those from among you shall build the old waste places and you shall raise up the foundations of many generations and you shall be called the repairer of the breach the restore of the streets to dwell in. So let's pray Father we just thank you for your word we thank you for your opportunity to stand Lord and just come together and and bring life into the community Father. So Lord as we are here to bring life into community we're looking for that continual flow to come into the leaders that lead in this community and the residents Father. So Lord as we trust in you and we believe in you we know that you bring strength Lord even when the economy is going sideways Lord you give men and women that love you and serve you great and beautiful ideas to come in and just be a watered garden even when the area is around or wilting. So Father as I see that this place is flourishing and thriving Father we just believe that it will continue to for all our generations Father and Jesus name amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic which it stands one nation and the God in the middle with liberty and justice for all. Pastor thank you very much sir. All right Miss Gidry please call the roll. Miss Varez here. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero is absent tonight. Mr. Nylon. Here. Miss Shaw Biden. Here. All right council and guests. I had the pleasure of meeting Luke Harris a couple of months ago Luke is a is it was a junior at Ascension High School is going into his senior year and he recently did his independent study capstone project on infrastructure improvements to bicycle lanes and had increased bicycle safety. I was so impressed by the young man he brought so much energy and enthusiasm so I enjoyed his presentation so I invited him to come to the council meeting share some of his findings and suggestions on how we can incorporate those as we as we move ahead as a city so Luke welcome the floor is yours sir. Oh while I'm getting situated here I'd like to say thank you to Mayor Ritter for inviting a high school student into his office and treating me with dignity respect and hearing my ideas out just like I was one of the people on this council. And as he had briefly stated my name is Lucaris I go to Ascension Piscool School on Shem and Metery here in Young'sville. I am graduating in 2026 I am a senior and while this idea may have may have started as kind of a project for school it is much more than that now it's kind of this goal I'm pursuing in order to better the community eye and we all dwell in through something small and starting with something like bike lanes. I might also like to mention I am a Young'sville resident so these changes that I'm proposing very much affect me and could affect all those who live in the community. So firstly I like to start by saying that Young'sville is a great place as we all know and it's a growing city as currently we have a roughly 19,000 people according to the census bureau and I will go ahead and pull up my graphic to kind of get a better viewing here. So in 2010 the city had 8,100 people and in 2020 15,900 that's doubling the population but we see right now that Young'sville is growing particularly something like Young'sville Highway as it's being widened we've put in a new round about but the Shem and Metery bike lanes have remained unaltered since 2014 when they were first approved by this council over 10 years ago and with the population increasing exponentially ever since then it's important that we continue to not just neglect the bike lanes that we have within the city as we've been improving the roads as the population has grown but we need to continue to improve the bike lanes and other infrastructure within the city. So that's really what I'm here to talk about. As Mayor Ritter has thankfully met with me and given the opportunity to share this idea young people like me want to help improve this city and it's something that we can feasibly do through bike lane improvement. So we know that Young'sville is a great city and it's growing it also is younger than average with the average age being 34.2 that is 4.5 years younger than the national average and that number will become important later. So families and childrens as we see right now which we have many of in this city I personally and I know others who I've spoken to don't we don't see them using the bike lanes we have currently as they're unsafe and if it is okay with the council I'd like to show two photos to them if I may walk to the front. Council members the photos you are looking at currently are the state of the Shimon Metery bike lane according to Google Earth satellite imagery or not satellite imagery but street view imagery and I've spoken to people who work at my school on that road which you can see in the background of one of those photos who weren't even aware that there was a bike lane on the road and I personally have witnessed cars pass each other in the bike lane as there aren't many safety precautions to keep cars from entering the lanes or designate that there's a lane at all as we have striping that does need to be updated and we have minimal signage but it doesn't protect cyclists and it obviously isn't making them feel safe as I personally and I know others don't necessarily see children or families riding in these bike lanes as I know as someone who moved here five or six years ago my family had always said the bike lanes were dangerous do not ride in them you are asking for trouble and I think that approach is similar and today that's what I'm going to try and talk to you about and how we could potentially fix that so it's also to consider it's also important to consider we put money into things like bike lanes so it's important to follow through on what we have as we made that initial investment and it's important to move to the next phase and that can be done through protections so I will distribute another photo to the council as well this photo shows the current state of the bike lane on West St. Mary right in front of UL here in Lafayette the bike lane is while not perfect it is very visible and it is clear that there is a barrier between cyclists and drivers and a physical barrier is very important to actual safety and feeling safe as according to the federal highway administration 53 there was a 53% reduction in cyclist car collisions whenever barriers were installed between the road and bike lanes and according to another study that was showcased by people for bikes.org in this study cyclist using a bike lane on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington DC that had recently installed protections had said that 90% of these people using this bike lane felt safer with these physical barriers and feeling safe is important as if you don't feel safe you won't do something if you know something is dangerous and you're putting your life at stake you won't do it so if we can actually install barriers between motorists and cyclists they won't just be safer and we won't just reduce any potential collisions more people could use the bike lanes as they would feel safer they would feel like they're an environment that supports them and acknowledges them as well and I mean one of the questions that you might be asking as I'm telling you this is why is biking important at all or what are the benefits according to a national library of medicine study it found that on average when people bike to work they burned as much as 40 minutes worth of calories in the gym so that might not that might just sound like well why even bike on the street why is this the taxpayers job to pay for some people to exercise well according to New York Post the New York Post 42% of Americans don't exercise regularly simply because they think they lack the time to do so and by installing protections on these bike lanes young little residents who work within the city could potentially bike to work and they could get that exercise that us Americans absolutely need as we are lacking it as 42% of those people feel like they cannot exercise and they don't regulate just because they don't have the time so if we could combine something as menial as commuting with cycling we could help fix at the local level a problem that we see across our country so it's important to note that mainly because I think I and many others on this council would agree the best way to improve our nation is to start in our local communities and by starting in this community and improving bike lanes and promoting a culture of health safety and wellness we could start a chain reaction and help and help other cities do the same and help improve our state and collective nation. Another thing is cycling is not just good for your physical health but your mental health as well as it reduces stress hormone cortisol and it provides endorphins which also reduce stress and anxiety so we can improve our physical and mental well-being simply by installing protections on these bike lanes and I think the big question that some of you might have going into this is well how much is this going to cost and while I don't have perfect numbers I do have preliminary estimates from an engineer who so kindly used his spare time to draft up some estimates for a concrete curb that we can install on the bike lane that is pre-existing so I'll go ahead and pass this spreadsheet and if you have any questions I'll explain. So at the top of this spreadsheet that first list that concrete curb a four inch mountable if you look that total cost on the right for that top box lists how much it would cost to line for 1.83 miles of bike lane and if you flip you can see the cost for each different portion of the bike lane so all of those different boxes or different options for different protections and those protections like those that concrete curb I put at the top or I have at the top I had that engineer put at the top for me I should say that would be the option most similar to the one used by UL as unlike the flex stakes that UL actually used to have aren't the greatest as they're meant to shear away so in terms of protection they aren't really that great it might make people feel safe but they're also expensive to the city and you'd have to consistently replace them all a concrete curb with lasts much longer so roughly be looking at 120 thousand dollars I believe it says at the top of that sheet for 1.83 miles of lined protected bike lane and while there's estimates for the entirety of the shaman metery bike lane looking at that number we could always just start with something like the most populated area which is the area in front of ascension and that first page and see if there's success see if we can promote that culture and if people would actually start using the bike lanes and with that then you could consider expansion and more bike lanes more protections as I've already spoken to Mayor Ritter and I know there are plans for bike lanes across the city so starting with small with those protections would be a great start and it wouldn't be horribly expensive as I had probably initially thought when I started this project and honestly do we know how much time I had I don't want to run it too much for a few more okay cool thank you I don't want to take up this whole meeting it's just important to continue to interact with the community I think and promote these kind of projects as I know there's kids at my school who do similar things and have promoted similar projects so I think by doing this we wouldn't just be promoting biking we could be promoting community involvement and we could see people who have different interests all across the community lightening the load on the city council and other community members and getting involved and doing a lot of this work when I know frankly there's a lot going on right now and I think the a lot going on right now makes it the perfect time for this change as I think with this change we would be we would have kind of a leg up as we see Lafayette retroactively trying to fit something like Johnston Street with bike lanes and if you've seen the Johnston Street bike lane wow yeah you probably know what I'm talking about if you've written it wow God bless your soul because it is not a safe looking thing since we're going right now it's the perfect time to act as we don't have to navigate as many barriers there's more green space and there's less construction going on right now or there's less buildings and more construction going on right now as opposed to Lafayette so while we're still developing we could get ahead and put a get a leg up and improve our city while it's this cheap and while it's this easy so with that I just I hope that this is in the forefront of Yosmines for the time coming as y'all continue to grow and continue to improve this wonderful city I really hope that you don't just think of my name but you think of the youth and you think of the community and you think of improving the city as a whole thank you thank you Lou I don't know if I shared with you but those bike lanes were initially funded we had striping and signage as part of a grant years ago so I mean it I'd be interested to pull those same files and see how we've we've missing some of the files some of the signage and things like that but we're happy to look at it and we actually have our kitty and a planning commission planter and CEO in the room too so they were smiling the whole time so all right thank you for your time Lou we appreciate it all right enjoy your summer thank you so much all right a gen item 4.1 approval of the council meeting minutes May 8th 2025 motion all right motion by Mr. Bolgiano second by Miss Barra's any council comment or discussion any public comment all right there's no public comment misgidry please call the vote Miss Barra's yes Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Nguyen yes yes yes motion approved 5.1 approval of the April 2025 finance report all right motion by Mr. Volgiano is there second second by council member champagne any public comment any questions from the council all right it looks like we're going to finish our sales tax for the fiscal year about 7% up just for the council's benefit I know I don't have the comparison with you but we'll we'll get that to you all right if there's no public comment misgidry please call the vote Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Nguyen yes yes yes yes motion approved all right agenda item 6.1 request for preliminary plat approval of central village phase 2 located in section 23t 11s are for E all right all right you're welcome to come up yes yes yes get anything mayor and council I come to you today to present a new phase of central village phase 2 resident no this is located between throughout school and decont row right next to central village phase 1 firmly knows the marshes Benson Grove and Santa Bastion after LCG's ADRC reviewed the plat and our internal reviewing we recommend we approve the plat with the following comments on their specific plat revisions for everything including the ADIC report I recommend no waivers a special note I should mention is when central village phase 1 was designed the most recent design standards were not in effect that includes adding a 25 foot garage setback changing the minimum frontage to 65 feet also the minimum lock area is 7000 square feet but that's already in effect all the locks there's also a drainage server to near the sense of action boundary the size has to be changed from 16.5 feet to 20 feet so that our equipment can get there easier but we'll also need an amenity plan separate from the construction plans just to show the positive negative development points to being compliance on their plat subdivision conditions compare to what's on the ADIC report I recommend no waivers to their conditions and our conditions are routine for every development in the city and I'll open to council for discussion all right I also want to point out that I missed a Jordan dagels here he's the developer of the project for any questions that the council may have or Jordan if you have any particular comments about it just overall not not required but certainly up to you if you wish to address the council you can Gary I forgot to tell you Tim's not going to be attending so you're welcome to join up front if you'd like mayor council pretty run in the mill 27 lots basically just tying in the two dead entry from phase 1 into each other and picking up about 13 lots on each side right any any questions from the from the members of the council all right if there's no questions from the members of the council I'll ask for any public comment that anyone may have yes sir please come forward and if you want mine just identifying yourself just for the record you've got the new mayor and council my name is Alex A. Bear I spoke to you over the phone the previous of this week so I am one of the residents of Sansa Bashin that currently backs the new phase our concern with the new phase is the elevation that's main concern is the elevation clearly just looking at it it is substantially higher than we are yeah um so one our concern is that drainage servitude not flooding us out um because everything drains that weight already um with that one it's what can we do to ensure that drainage servitude stays open no one builds fences things of that nature because I know the way it works um a lot of people will build fences all the way back even though city can come in to hey you have to take these down doesn't always happen once the fences are built um so our big thing I think everybody especially along that street is with the flooding and what's to prevent us from flooding out because of the elevation change yeah yeah great question and I uh mistake but I know when we spoke on the on the on the plat there was a proposed 16 and a half foot drainage easement part of the engineering review in house that's being increased to 20 feet and then that it's also going to be marked as a private drainage easement which is going to be uh it's going to be noted that it's going to be owned or managed by the HOA as opposed to individual lot owners there um but I share your concern about whether or not a property owner is going to put their fence in it's something that's that's we consistently have to have to police um because in essence what will happen is um it becomes difficult to to manage um if different fences are there I think with the HOA doing it and if we set that up as it's going to be their expectation to do it it'll be maintained consistently at least from a maintenance and grass standpoint but points well taken as I as I share with you on the phone what I didn't know if the drainage impact analysis had been done on this since it was such really a small area do y'all do y'all know because I did share with Mr. A. Bear that it has been already yeah I received some revised plans this afternoon and they include drainage impact analysis okay so we have a new drainage impact in island okay so it hasn't all right it hasn't been reviewed yet okay it's been it's been submitted not reviewed got you okay so yes so consistent with all of the developments the drainage impact is are going to be thoroughly reviewed their uh engineer for the developer is has submitted a proposal it'll be reviewed by our team of engineers before anything would be approved but certainly it's looked through the lens of not having any adverse impact from a drainage standpoint that's our main concern and I appreciate y'all looking into that as far as that drainage analysis public record do we have access to that and can we get a hold of that once it is done and just to make sure and see kind of what's been done certainly okay certainly I appreciate you Tom thank you all right thank you Mr. A. Bear and I see you any other public comment anyone have a common relative to central village phase two in the preliminary plat review all right um miss champagne motion tattoo okay uh we have a motion by councilmember champagne a second by councilmember Bolgiano is any other comments for the public hearing relative to the approval all right if there's no additional public comment a mischiedry please call the vote mr. Nylon yes miss champagne yes miss barris yes mr. Bolgiano yes motion approved all right thank you council Jordan i'm council i forgot in my opening remarks i wanted to share with you uh that i'm recommending that at the appropriate time that you consider tabling a gin items 9.1 and also 9.4 which are the ordinances 498 2025 and also ordinance 503 2025 so at the appropriate time i'd ask for a consideration to consider tabling them to the august meeting all right so other business to gin item 7.1 this evening it's my pleasure to introduce the city of youngsville if you don't already know and also the council members to mr. David Wei i'm recommending him to be appointed as the magistrate of the youngsville mayor's court mr. Wei's highly respected attorney based in Lafayette with more than 25 years of legal experience including extensive work and civil litigation personal injury law insurance matters and appellate advocacy he's a graduate of ls u law school and he's been licensed to practice law in Louisiana since 1996 over the course of his career he's built a reputation for fairness sound judgment and professionalism his peers have consistently recognizes legal excellence with selections to super lawyers from 2018 through 2025 and a distinguished martin d'au hubel pure rating for his legal knowledge and ethical standards as a partner at Oliver and Wei mr. Wei's manage a broad range of cases from complex towards to property law and family matters making him uniquely qualified to interpret and apply the law and clarity with balance and a magistrate role his courtroom experience a deep understanding of Louisiana law and calm demeanor make him exceptionally well-rounded to serve the people of youngsville so i'm confident that he'll bring integrity and partiality and professionalism to the youngsville mayor's court and i respectfully recommend his appointment this evening as magistrate and he is here joined with with his wife so thank you both for being here it's the pleasure of the council all right all right motion by councilmember shampoin second by councilmember nylon is there any public comment mr. Wei you're certainly welcome if you like no obligation but now just thank you for this opportunity as i as i've said before in other settings my you know my job as magistrate will simply be to enforce whatever you guys do that's not a magistrate judge to be mayor or to be a council member is just to uphold the laws and and make sure that everything's being followed and i look forward to that i appreciate your trust and if i'm selected then it'll be my pleasure to serve all right thank you thank you west away any questions mr. Wei all right is there any other public comment all right if there's no public comment we have a motion second on the appointment the skater please call the vote yes miss baris yes mr. bulgeano yes mr. nylon yes lotion approved congratulations all right congratulations and we do have we do have court next week so we're going to go ahead and just for the spirit of efficiency hit the ground running so our city attorney is going to execute all welcome to all yeah absolutely families welcome to join hey how are you supporting hey how are you come on your I, David Oliver Wade, you sound the square, that I will support the Constitution and Laws of the United States, the Constitution and Laws of the United States, the Constitution and Laws of this state, the Constitution and Law of the distance, that I will faithfully and importantly, and I will faithfully and importantly, this chart can perform, this chart can perform, all the duties of come but in color for me, all the duties of come but in color for me, as we manage straight judge for the city of the United States, the Constitution and Laws of the United States, the Constitution and Laws of the United States, the Constitution and Laws of the United States, the Constitution and Laws of this state, the Constitution and Law of the distance, the Constitution and the Law of the distance, that I will faithfully and importantly, and I will faithfully and importantly, this chart can perform, this chart can perform, all the duties of come but in color for me, all the duties of come but in color for me, as we manage straight judge for me, as we need our Father's counsel to carrots and trees,ッ One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. Congratulations and thanks for accepting the appointment. Great agenda item 7.2 to designate the official journal for the City of Young's Law for Fiscal Year 2526 as required by revised statue 43141A. And we have received quotes from both the Acadiana Advocate and the Daily Advocate and the Daily Advertiser. Ms. Barra's. I make a motion to accept the Acadiana Advocate as our official journal. All right, a motion by Ms. Barra's for the Acadiana Advocate. Is there a second or is there another motion? All right, a second by Councilmember Champagne. Any councilmember discussion? There's a motion on the floor for the Acadiana Advocate. Is there any public comment relative to the official journal? This is something that we're required to do every June. Okay, if there's no public comment, no council discussion. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barra's. Yes. Mr. Bulljiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. Great. Genitim 8.1. Resolution 2025-12. Resolution authorized and in direct in the mayor to execute four. And on behalf of the City of Youngsoil for the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, an act of substantial completion from Louisiana contract and enterprise, LLC contractor, pertaining to the completion of a contract for a pump station for upgrade. Motion by Councilmember Champagne second by Councilmember Bulljiano. Is there any public comment? We're going to hear from Susan during her updates about this so we can probably, unless there's a specific question, I'll just let her talk about the project. Then, or I'm happy to talk to her if you'd like me to. All right. Any public comment? All right. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Barra's. Yes. Mr. Bulljiano. Ms. Barra's. Motion approved. Right. A gin item 8.2. Resolution 2025-13. Resolution authorized in the mayor to execute an intergovernmental agreement by between the state of Louisiana and the City of Youngsoil related. Relating to the re-designation of Lafayette Metropolitan Planning Organization as the Akkadian and Metropolitan Planning Organization and its governance. I alluded to them earlier, but Ms. Sara Fossigari is the CEO of the Akkadian Planning Commission. She's also here tonight with Ashley Moran, who's the planning and policy manager, and two great team players to improve for us transportation in our area. So welcome. Happy to have you all here. Good evening. Thank you guys for having us. As the mayor said, I am Sara Gary. I'm the CEO as well as the Transportation Director. And we house the MPO at Akkadian and Planning Commission. And you guys are members of the MPO. And so every 10 years, our boundaries changed based off of census. This year, or this past census, we added area to our MPO, the city of Abaville has joined us. And so because of that, federal highway administration is requesting that we go through and get our intergovernmental agreement re-signed by all of our member entities. And so that's what we're here tonight. You guys have projects with us in the MPO. One of those projects is the LaRivé project. And we're very excited that that is going to actually get kicked off soon, as well as the overlay that you guys did on Fortune Road. And then there's a couple other projects that I think the mayor is trying to maneuver to other areas. So I'll just keep that one down. Yeah, so anyway, so that's what we're here for. I also want to commend the gentleman who talked earlier, Mr. Harris, you know, Bikin Pett is near and dear to our hearts, especially Ash and I. We also house a safety coalition. And so we do a lot of work with that. So please, if you have any questions or anything, give us a call and we're more than happy to help you out. And to his point, if you guys are going to do that right now is the best time to do it because you don't have a lot of driveway access to shimmy, Metaree roads. It makes it a whole lot easier and a lot cheaper for you guys. So I'm happy to answer any questions that you may have. Good point. Miss Champagne. Motion to approve. Okay. Worth noting, I, it comes from as if you've read through it. We do have a couple of appointments. Pam has been serving as our what's called TTC transportation technical committee appointee. And Simone serves now as the transportation policy committee. And then Pam serves as her alternate on that committee. So when you look through the agreement to see how we're represented there, that's, that's how it's done. So okay. Awesome to do to work with. Yeah, agreed. Agreed. All right. Motion by Miss Champagne. Ms. Barr is that a second. All right. Is there any council member comment or question? Any public comment or question? Okay. Miss Gaydry, please call the vote. Mr. Bullgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Ms. Barr is. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you, Nicole. I was going to say at the end of the meeting, but it's worth sharing now. We are going to have a groundbreaking with the Katie and a planning commission on June 26, 130 at the site of the LaSalle Regional Detention Pond. And that's going to be to officially kick off. I was, I didn't want to have a groundbreaking until we were actually going to be doing some work. So I think that that trying to align as close as possible, but the contractors have been issued the notice to proceed. So I think we're going to be getting started there real soon. So if there's any members of the public that have questions, any of the residents in the nearby area, we're going to have Pam was the design engineer on that project. This is a grant that we applied for back in. A lot of. I kind of cringe to say 2016, but, but at, uh, we're here. And we're, and it's getting done. And it's in it. It's 80% paid for through the grant process. And we're going to have an excellent road there when it's all done. So thank you all for all the work on that. And sidewalks. And sidewalks. And sidewalks. Yeah. Right. High school. Yeah. And then the other project that they're talking about, we do have some, some funds that are remaining. That are accessible that we're working to get reallocated to East Milton and Iberia Street, which would basically be taking care of our next overlay of that road, base of the scope, roughly, that we're requesting is going to be from roughly city hall to Verrod. Um, potentially we may have an exception area if we get a raise grant awarded. So I don't know. Always a lot of variables. So all right. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Oh, we already did. Perfect. All right. I want to. Yeah, Pam, please. Just to kind of echo. I know we pay fees every, you know, pay fees to be part of this, but just so you guys know the fees go a long way. Because these two ladies in particular will keep you from, you know, jumping off the ledge when you, when you hit state bureaucracy. Um, they're all there. A wealth of information with regards to upcoming grant and they take pride in knowing what it is that we want and they have our projects. But if they see a grant or something and they know a project, they're going to call. They're going to make sure you have the most updated application. And so even on the recent ones we did, we couldn't do it without them. And, um, and then like I said, when we had any kind of bureaucracy, they're, they're right there and they are patient with us when we are outspoken to hating the bureaucracy that the state does. These ladies understand and help us work through the effort. And there's, I mean, they are the best team that, that the IPO has ever had from that perspective to even be able to do that. So thank you guys again. Like we couldn't do it and, um, and to get the projects where they are, that is one thing these two ladies are a great at doing. I think it gets anybody else there, but, you know, there are go to's. Yeah, one of the things that they are, I know focused on diligently right now is, is, uh, trying to build a coalition of support for a variety, wanting to be a ride. I am trying them really hard. Yeah. And I'm hoping after some move that having today that will be one of the closer to that. Oh, good. Oh, yeah, at the DOTD. Yeah, great, yeah, great time to share that, um, that congratulations. Our DOTD District 3 administrator, Eric, uh, D'Alfany, that, um, I shared with everyone, hand delivered the check for our outstanding credits. He's been appointed to be served as the deputy, deputy secretary of DOTD. So our district is one of nine districts across the state. So we know that his leadership will be, will be well served. So that's exciting for that. And what, what I, these ladies and that team know that we are leaned in on Verot, but we cannot do it by ourselves. So, um, and as I've, I've shared, I mean, if some of our biggest hurdles are really outside the city, we can only solve them with the help of, you know, the professionalism and the diligence of this type of organization. So thank you very much. Thank you very much. Ashley, come on up. Yeah, come on up. I just want to say just, uh, oh, just real quick, that Eric was real instrumental in getting the, uh, Barrow at, um, Savoy intersection. That was a big, that he put it on our radar. I know he was working with you on that. It got sent to us and we were able to fund that at 100%. So awesome. Okay. That's like moving forward. Hopefully the traffic study is done and we'll be moving into the design phase soon. So hopefully that will move quickly. Um, I know it's not in Young'sville, but it's affected a lot of people in the area. And I know that was people are contacting you about it. And they use it to Eric. Eric sends us. Yeah, Ashley, um, Councillor Volgiano's asking what is, what's gonna be, is it a light or is it a, what's the in game there? It's gonna be around about. So yeah, no, when we're funding that like seven and a half million, a hundred percent federal funds on that. So it's not as much as he's building a girl out of that same. Yeah, it's gonna have some turn lanes. Yeah, we're not 100% sure. Yeah, we're not 100% sure what the design will look like. Yeah. Obviously, there's a lot of utilities. There's a lot of factors that play as far as utilities. Um, as well as traffic, right? I know that you guys are approving new subdivisions along there. And so that all takes into a fact into account. It will more than likely be bigger than what you see at Barrow and 92, because that one is extremely small. Yeah, it's underpinned. Can tell you. Um, as, I mean, it's busted as we call it in a transportation world a long time ago. And so now we're trying to figure out how to how to make that and part of, you know, trying to push the Barrow project. So that way you guys know what we're trying is, um, to continue the four lane section from where it currently ends at Vincent and go. Right now the plan is 292 and fix that roundabout problem. If I could get my way, it would go past that because selfishly, I live. And on the segment of Barrow between 92 and Savoy Road. And so when school, it's great right now, because there's no school in session. And so traffic is like just, it's great, right? But as soon as school is in session, if I don't leave my house at 645 to drop my daughter off by 730. And that's how long it'll take me to get to Westminster on eBruzard. Um, like she's missed, she's going to be tardy for school. And so, um, again selfishly, I, I need it to go past that. But no, like, that's how that intersection was able to be put for roundabout. Because three years ago, we did not have a crash problem with the intersection because they did not have the traffic volumes. Now the traffic volumes have created a crash problem, which means we need to put it around about, which means we need to pay for it. But I mean, we, that did not really even exist. Yeah, it'll be a little, it'll probably be bigger. Um, there could be some slip lanes. I do not think that the roundabout will be as big as the one that is at eBruzard in college. Oh no, no, it would be somewhere in between that one and what you see at 92. Awesome. Well, let us know how we can help with the VR project. We're obviously all ears on that. So we've just emailed somebody about designing it. And so now apparently I need to text there next week when he comes back from vacation and be like, hey, let's get the design for this other way. And Pam, at the appropriate times, got some great creative ideas on is interim fixes at the, at the very right in 92 interchange as well. Maybe some things that we can bridge bridge over. So yeah, all right. Well, thank you guys so much. Thanks for working with us. We appreciate it. That sounds good. We'll see you in two weeks. All right. At a gender item 8.3 is resolution 2025 14. A resolution adopt in the 2024 2025. I mean, it's for water pollution prevention plan for the youngs will wastewater treatment facility. LPDES permit number LA 0 0 55328. All right. Motion by Ms. Champagne second by Mr. Nylon any council comment or discussion any public comment. No public comment misgidred. Please call the vote. Ms. Boris. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Jen Adam 9.1 is ordinance 498 2025 in ordinance of the city of youngs, Louisiana, many in the code of ordinances. Chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments. Ms. Champagne. Motion to table. We're still working on it. Mayor. Okay. Thank you, ma'am. Ms. Boris. Ms. Boris seconds. All right. Since it's a look. Do you want to do August? Was that okay with you? Yes. August is fine. We should be finished by the end. All right. So it's a motion second to table to August. Motion to table are non-debatables. So Ms. Gioff, please call the vote. Ms. Derbogiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Ms. Boris. Yes. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved. Motion approved.uffs., appreciate it. Open the floor for public hearing if there's any comments All right any council comments all right no comments from the floor mischid really please call the vote Miss Sean pine. Yes Miss Faras. Yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Miss Nyland. Yes, I should approve all right 9.3 is ordinance 502 2025 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville Louisiana declaring its intent to acquire full ownership of a movable property located or designated excuse me has lied 87 sugarlanta states This is a judicated property that we're trying to clear Mishampine has motion on the floor by Mishampine second by councilmember Nyland any council comment or discussion Okay, the open the floor for you for the public hearing if there's any comment all right There's no comment for the public hearing mischid you please call the vote Mr. Nyland. Yes, Miss Sean pine Miss Faras. Yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes motion approved All right at 9.4 ordinance 503 2025 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville Louisiana many chapter 20 taxation article three sales and use tax Mr. Volgiano. I'll make a motion to table this until Is it next month's meeting? Yes, they'll be August. Yeah, August all right a motion a table by Mr. Bolgiano said second Miss Boris all right Motion table and second to the August meeting misgidory, please call the vote Miss Faras Yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Nyland. Yes, Miss Sean pine. Yes, motion approved All right two ordinances this evening for introduction first ones 10.1 is budget of men's Excuse me budget amendment ordinance number 504 2025 in ordinance of many the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Youngsville, Louisiana for fiscal year 2425 On the on the reverse copy of your budget. We do have a consolidated roll-up of the amended budget and Miss White is going to be giving you this evening the draft copy of the proposed Budget which is really relevant the amended budget and the proposed budget for both of these so I'll entertain a motion to Introduce the amendment amended budget All right motion by Miss Boris Second by Councilmember Nyland All right, is there any public comment? Want to share with the public that we are going to be having a hearing for the adoption of the 20 2526 budget and it's going to be held on June 26 2025 at 6 p.m And the financial statements are available for public inspection at City Hall So all right with a motion second. There was no public comment Miskeedry, please call the vote Miss Faras. Yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Nyland. Yes, Miss Sean pine. Yes, motion approved Okay 10.2's budget ordinance 505 2025 an ordinance adopting the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Youngso Louisiana for fiscal year 2025 2026 Okay motion by councilmember Sean pine and second by councilmember Nyland Also very similar to the previous ordinance you have a consolidated roll-up of the revenues and expenses on the back of the budget ordinance that you're voting to introduce I do I will have one amendment prior to the adoption We are going to be adding an exhibit to support line item number five which references the salaries of the elected and appointed officials for the city of Youngsoville And as I mentioned Miss White's going to be distributing to you a full budget copy today as well and for the public the financial statements are available for inspection at City Hall So there was a motion and a second. Is there any public comment? All right, there's no public comment miskeedry. Please call the vote Miss Chopin. Yes, Miss Faras. Yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Nyland. Yes, motion approved All right. Thank you council for staff announcement as as I mentioned well I didn't mention but I shared with I guard unfortunately Tim's under the weather Today and excuse his attendance. I'll just share some of the highlights from his report and then we'll go to Pam Susan and I see chief for vets here as well if he has anything for the staff and Chief Bruce art also all right, so the sports programs the T ball baseball softball leagues have selected their 16 all-star teams From the 6U to 14 U boys and girls and their tournaments are underway The sports for all leagues started this past Monday in games begin on Monday May 30th with the UL baseball night They will participate in the ponies girls world series and the Mustang world series and the champions leagues so we're getting ready getting busy into all the The world series in tournaments the Sugar Beach summer volleyball leagues have started. There's a hundred and 51 participating teams F&A flag football spring league is finished and up this win a Wednesday of next week tennis programming continues right pickleball league continues council and aging classes and free play are on a scheduled Special events coming up 2d baseball's world series is going to be coming up starting on the 18th and running through the 23rd and the 2d opening ceremony Is going to be on Wednesday June 18th with coach Matt Deigs who's the UL baseball head coach as a guest speaker for camps and clinics hosting this week the UL baseball camp and also the Barcelona Spain soccer camp and then for sponsorships He asked me to share that We recently announced the Independence Day celebration Red White and boom presented by Lafayette Roofing on Thursday July 3rd It's going to be at the Youngsville amphitheater power by Slumco There's still some available sponsorship opportunities and you can visit Youngsville sports complex calm or contact the sports complex office Tim's coordinating all the sponsorship events, but we hope to invite the public We hope to see you at the amphitheater for July 3rd for our annual event, so Pam you have any update for the council. Yes So of course as you've seen we've opened up our fortune road roundabout in the extension So that project is more than 85% complete. We still have the Western arm of fortune road Contractor has moved his crew from fortune road to highway 89 So we have two crews both project crews are working on highway 89 to try to do as much as we can while we have it closed They started removing the old roadway today so they Doing that On the fortune mill and overlay project that one was we did our final walkthrough with DOTD last Friday So there was a minor punch list items and they have started the DOTD paperwork. I saw it come through in an email today Larriviya road the ground breaking will be in a few weeks. We've already started They have their construction administrator and he sent stuff to me as well They're reviewing the submittals all the draider submittals for them So even though they have it ground sort of breaking ground. They are working behind the scenes We're still waiting on core approval for our anslum coole project The shaman agriob and The we are trying to see if the state will let us combine shaman agriob and highway 92 turn lanes The mayor has mentioned so for cost effectiveness if they'll let us do that They both have capital outlay money if they can will combine them if not will Be in a position in the next 30 to 45 days to advertise them for bid put them out for advertisement pending mayor approved I hesitate to say this but that was faster than I thought I have a film or regret saying that 30 days you guys are all witness to that The highway 92 widening we're still waiting on them to find out from the Grant if we've been awarded that we did submit for a sidewalk grant through the tap program I think they Received 60 I think it was I wish they were still here and There's going to be three that'll be picked from our region. So it's pretty competitive But they did say those who were phased had a better chance which I did ours as a as a phased project Highway 92 in Prescott were about 70% complete with regards to the design of that project All right any any questions for Pam relative to Those projects You'll you'll get to just stuff it in the in the budget the capital summary The priorities for our administration will we're proposing to use that we'll be continuing young so highway south The legislature adjourned today and if the current bill signed by the governor will have funding to continue that project We're hoping to grip into copperfield ish area So that we'll continue focusing on young so highway bringing that work further south uh the Riviera as Pam mentioned and the southern east west Hordeur which is Jim and Agriab doing the first phase which is basically coming in from daton and guillard the second phase will be the middle where the s curve is But we're going to go ahead and reconstruct the two the two edges of it coming off of guillard and coming off of um daton and then which you talk about coupling in there is the the series of churning lanes that we promise at south-same blaze and then also churning in the metery center left churns So it'll be a series of three left churns two at south-same blaze left each way and then also a left on two Center sarcell if you're going if you're going west on east-milton um and we believe that that'll be a good interim solution until We get the full grant or the full project funded ideally through a grant and that expands east-milton wide and zid from south-same blaze to field crest and The monies we talked about moving from the MPO would basically fund a complete overlay Just in its current form You know, so we have some backup options Dependent upon when the full grant project comes through but we have interim solutions kind of like we did with la riviera When we started trying to tackle that project back in 2016 Any questions about Pam's projects or make bays All right Susan So for the waste water plant we um plan to start advertising June 25th and the bit of Opening is set for July 23rd. So we have our fingers crossed On that that will get some good bids um Pump station four y'all accepted tonight so they'll be working on the punch list uh pump station three they did a A semi-stortum last week and we have a final inspection and a and a pump station test tomorrow So that'll be finished fairly soon waste water plants about 65% complete filter delivery is expected next week um and they're still expecting to be complete by just by September sugarmopon we're still trying to um now down the force main route with trad So hopefully we'll get that done soon Waterline interconnections y'all accepted that last uh meeting and they're addressing the punch list pump station five um that design is progressing we hope to have that impermitting in the next month Any questions for Susan? So you'll you'll see in the budget as well, but no new projects you've been hearing all about them three and four are finishing We're those have been accepted now with your with your votes Waste water treatment plant. This is the rebid of that project So we'll we'll know our destiny with the rebid at the end of july and For upcoming pump stations five and fourteen those are the two that Susan's been briefing you on in her report every month Those are the next two pump stations that we anticipate needing some work as we continue to expand So that's why we've included them in the in the upcoming years fiscal budget Waterplant doing well Alex is here Alex wouldn't hear when I when I shared with everybody at the last meeting That the two water systems that our team operates did get designated in a the three years This is the third year in a row that the the Louisiana Department of Health is designating a letter grade to our system So Alex since you weren't here. I wanted to thank you publicly for that and and then also a new initiative in the utility department we learned from the Severe weather event in January that one of the things that we could do a better job of is Notifications to residents outside of just social media and traditional news media and the ventable water advisories and situations that rise to the occasion of notification. So Alex has Has worked diligently with a new notification system that what I'm most excited about is that it it integrates It will integrate with our utility System to where if we have your contact information accurate in our utility system It'll interface in those type of notifications So it's not going to be an opt-in system like our current emergency management Solution that you can sign up for on youngs will that us this one is You know if you're however your utility billing data So if I have your accurate number in that that's what we're going to be sending so we've been beta testing that in the background, but that's been another project that Separate from all the infrastructure work that we're working to improve on the back end All right, any questions about any of the public water sewer infrastructure or projects All right, thank you Susan Chief for vet did you have anything you want to share sir Okay, chief Bruce are at anything sir a couple things Congratulations to the officers that played in the volleyball tournament. We finally beat the fire department I think that's a chief revet was mentioning First year and four years Um Couple things Myself the mayor and Catherine been working closely trying Work with the budget for the department. I appreciate all you guys help Trying to redo the pay scale and Increase the starting pay with the department Last month in May the police department ran 961 calls for service So far in June they've ran 348. Thank you guys for all your hard work and dedication. I appreciate you guys All right, thank you chief Terry or any other Haley this man Couple reminders Tuesday evening from five to six here in the council chambers. We are having our Louisiana development ready designation open house We've had a group that has been working with Louisiana economic development myself and a couple other um Folks from the city that we've been just trying to help with Louisiana economic development to move towards Writing a strategic plan for economic development for the city So this is the next step in the process. We conducted a SWAT analysis based off of the surveys that we had Distributed out earlier this year And so from those responses we conducted the SWAT analysis and we've set some goals that are going to help fuel the strategic plan So we'd love if anyone would like to come We'll have some boards up with uh with the results of the SWAT as well as the goals That will be available for um, you know folks to give their feedback to see if there's anything else that we might You know not not have covered in there or that they think is important To to include so Tuesday the 17th that this come in Tuesday here in the council chambers from five to six p.m Open house Also, I wanted to talk about a few things going on with the chamber of commerce as you all know we started a farmers market This Saturday is our next farmers market from eight to noon at foster park Please keep an eye if you are Hoping to come Please keep an eye on our Facebook page because we are obviously watching the weather to see what's gonna happen So there is a chance we might have to cancel this month's market. We will be making that call tomorrow We will be posting it and there will be an updates and out through the chambers List of contacts will also likely send it out through the cities as well Just so that everyone is aware If we do have to cancel that Also, um, the chamber lunches are now every month the second Wednesday of the month So I encourage any of our businesses business owners if you want to get involved Kind of learn a little bit more about the chamber The chambers got a great lineup of speakers for the rest of the year That are going to be presenting this past week. We did uh, the SBA loans Uh, golf coast bank Presented on the different programs that are available So we will continue to offer lots of services that are um, you know available for our business Partners as well as if you haven't heard dancing with the stars is coming on july 19th We've got a great group of dancers So please go show your support by some votes There are a few of those dancers that are sitting here in this room as we speak So go and uh, support them sponsorships are still still available if you can't buy a ticket to attend the actual event You can purchase votes to help support the dancer that you want to win this competition. So um, please go support our chamber support our local businesses All right. Thank you, Hayley any council announcements this evening And happy father's day to all the heads. Yeah All right, well, there's no other council announcements as our motion to adjourn All right, motion by mr. Boljana second by mr. Nylon all in favor All right, meeting adjourn you'll have a great evening. Thank you so much