 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you come in. The United States of America into the Republic for which it stands one nation under God in the visible with liberty and justice for all. Miss Gidry please call the roll. Miss Bares, here. Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, here. Mr. Nylon, Miss Champagne is absent. All right, you have Miss Champagne sent us a note a short time ago that she regrets she's unable to attend the see. So agenda item 3.1 is Mr. Mark Seymill and I see her this evening to address the council on an easement associated with a repartition of property located at 813 Young Street. Mr. Seymill, floor is yours, sir. Thank you. I've got a body can hear. Yes, sir. Okay. My concerns for a map that was approved for repartition after I found out a year later that there was an amendment and re-location of a servitude that was approved. I think you'll have a map of that. But I'm going to just read the statement that I think Pam provided to y'all so that we can clarify what the map says and what it doesn't say. Okay. So we want to obtain and document clarification on the matter regarding city regulations and due process of the law regarding the proposed abandonment and relocation of an access servitude from an original document in the clerk of court's office of map 2015. There is 91400 which is a property that I bought two years ago with all the rights, ways, privileges and the pertinences to the property, which includes a servitude to how we're not to. Okay. That's that map. And on as we like to document our public opposition to the ban and relocation of an existing access servitude as implied in the approval plat. We understand that the boundary line adjustment is one thing, but the removal removal of an relocation of an access servitude is another. The approval you have a copy of is 2023 11602. So we would like to oppose that abandonment and relocation until the city review and due process of the law has been obtained. No, no legal instruments have been provided that would indicate that this has been done. And it shouldn't have been because it's it's not part of a boundary line. Okay. So the next item would be. The owners acknowledge that they proposed the ban and relocation of the servitude as noted in the approved plat or not inclusive of the boundary line adjustment and may be dealt with through other legal means. So we're just waiting on that to happen. Nothing has happened since this proposal regarding excess. So the landowners would like to obtain legal clarification and to the official record. To be recorded in the clerk, of course, the office and with a special note added to the margin of the original plat indicating that the approval of the proposed servitude changes in the plat or not implied. Nor has there been any legal instrument presented to support the changes. So the legal process of approving this map was done April 19, 2023. So the legal process of the law and. Statues of limitations may apply to what. My rights are. Due to that fact, I think we have two years to dispute an action. And which is why we're here tonight because that two years is going to be up April 19, 2025. I'm not going to dispute the fact that the re alignment of this servitude was done without proper legal investigation. And with any consideration for the rights of us as property owners. The map also indicates that 17 entities got notice of this map as approved by the mayor. Not one of these 17 entities is the landowners involved with the access to their property. So that's one issue. I'm only here tonight to document the problems associated with this map and how it came about. And the guarantee my servitude rights. By the law within the two years, statues of limitations. If that two years statue applies, servitude law is all over the place on statues, two years, ten years, 30 years, all over. We just want to make sure that within the two years of this application and approval that we can publicly document. We are opposed to that section of the map and approval. Okay. So. As an example, slim co is that elicit on here. I have a right to run slim co electricity in that servitude. If it's moved, that negates any possibility of slim co getting to my property. Okay. So that that's one issue that could come up slim co I go to slim co I want to get electricity. They come over here. Look at this map over can't do it. The servitude has been moved. It is very, very much complicated issues involved in moving a servitude. My uncle and my cousin thoroughly researched the location of the servitude. And through the metro code and Lafayette parish decided that this way needs to be now. We have to deal with the legal ramifications of maybe a movement. And I'm ready to put electricity back there. Okay. Where do I go from here? So what I'm what we're asking is that. The city of young'sville since they recorded this map in the cook up courts office that the city of young'sville record a correction. Only pretending to that one implied relocation and abandonment of the associated servitude access servitude. And we asked that the approval process improved improved the review procedures. The city of young'sville. We have had a job planning improvements removedomn the Kingston failed reporting course. And I did a corny sesi. And also, may literally include. down to one year. The two-year anniversary is April 19th this year. So which is why I'm on the agenda tonight and Wade and I have talked about it Pam and I extensively and so I just want to make sure that there's a flag, continued flag that we maintain a flag or hold on any permits applied for this designated location until all parties have reviewed and or approved any proposed projects and the necessary legal instruments have been provided in the future. So I think that's as plain as that can be. I know everybody copies this. If you have any questions or if Pam can answer fine but I'd like to have a legal recording in the clerk of course office for future possible litigation because this is not going away. Everything is is in limbo because the landowner won't provide legal instruments, won't proceed, won't even communicate with me. So I'm at a point where I needed to document publicly what the problems are and ask a solution. Thank you. I'd be happy to answer any questions. Well, we have tried and worked with Mr. C. Moseby very patient. We, Pam and I both tried to get out there at the same time. Pam was able to go and look at the situation so I think Pam can speak more intelligently on it than I can but I think it warrants more research. And I did have a letter to the mayor on August 8th so we've been dealing with since my knowledge of the situation. My problems associated with this have has an approach to doing estate business. And I don't know if that needs to be into the public record. It's a private record and that document is in Pam's packet for any projects at that location. So that may be sufficient. I don't need to go any further than that possibly but just by speaking your tonight I think I bet my lawyer tells me if I get public documentation that we discussed it at an open meeting then that's finally can proceed in the future if there's any litigation. Okay, so thank you Mr. C. Moseby. So this plot apparently this was when Clint was still here. The gentleman, I guess I think it's Jacob, right? Not Jacob. What's your nephew's name? He had approached him and what they approached the city was that they wanted to do a boundary line adjustment. But then when you look at the plot what they actually submitted was a repartition. So on a repartition that would come here. A boundary line adjustment supposed to be just a boundary line adjustment. So that gentleman submitted it in here and I think from a standpoint of the way he put it that there was going to be a proposed access and it was going to be abandoned. Now that would have come to me. I asked for the instrument. Give me the instrument of your whenever we get plots we always say well give me the instrument for the easements but then give me this abandoned access easement agreement. Okay, and so I asked for it. Surveyor does it necessarily have to do it. He's just doing what the client tells him to do. The step that was missed was not I say missed but they didn't think in like well they're just saying in the future because some people when we approach them they're like oh that's just something in the future. The problem began was once this was done. The other gentleman he thinks well the city of Young'sville signed it that means it changed but there was no there is no easement abandoning document at the courthouse. So technically it has not been abandoned because just by merely putting a line on a plat that doesn't abandon an easement that has legally been recorded especially with signed. So the first thing that that gentleman where he believes that he has abandoned the easement that's incorrect that easement's still on file it's still in there still active. So the mere fact that it says proposed and that it says to be abandoned doesn't mean it was actually abandoned but that is what that property owner says which is why they want to put a building which would block Mr. Seymall's access but would also change the easement. My recommendation is that there should be a letter clarifying to this property owner that you did not submit an easement abandonment document therefore the easement is still existing and that you said you were going to propose a new one but you never gave an easement agreement associated with the new access so there's no there's nothing on there. I do believe the plat needs an act of correction which would be the responsibility of the person who has an incorrect plat and again they submitted as a boundary line adjustment and the survey are clearly put that it was a repartition of property on the plat. Yes sir. And in the map it also shows the 30-foot offset to the existing servitude or a far truck has no possible way of negotiating that kind of an angle to the map even if it were eventually approved details have to be specifically analyzed and the city of youngs with engineers and everybody involved to come out there and do an assessment. Well just a couple things I mean one one that I think the public needs to hear whatever your discussion. So anybody can walk anything to the courthouse and walk away with the fact that it's recorded so the fact that it has my signature on it they would do it regardless of that so when something submitted here as a boundary line adjustment we had we had an associate that reviewed it for that part. Pam's got 30 years of experience so she likely would have caught it. You're absolutely right but just the fact that just the fact that that question may or may not have been asked I don't know but I'm in favor of sending a letter to the to the whoever wrote the plat and the property owner putting making them aware that there is a that there's question relative to it we should send it certified and then we should record that in the courthouse referencing this. I think that's the action that we need to take. I mean and I think that that would satisfy your ability to still reference that because we can send an acknowledgement I mean hey after further review you know I mean the the language you know if we're reviewing it now I mean we would have asked for this or whatever but the proposed or what all that stuff doesn't make it you know I think what the issue is for just for the context proposed to me doesn't mean that it's I think the issue is that the person that is denying you access to the servitude is choosing to interpret it as oh no this is the new one and it shows proposed. That's correct. So really what's happening now is I agree a more thorough process here if I have somebody that's 30 years experience may have questioned it more but at the same time the standard of care at the courthouses with or without this you can go record anything you want and that's that's the fact. We've asked them for us to not record anything if it doesn't have this that's not part of their standard of care process. So I think the issue really is that we have to take a position to say for you to know we're not going to recognize the proposed language on the plat that was recorded on this day so that way it at least solidifies what your conversation has been with your neighbor and there's no right you know question because he sees oh proposed it's religion this is real it's legit another person may look at it differently now. Well my lawyer does look at it differently yeah we're working on that in I read because we need resolution to it because I'm ready to put service to the power to the property and then soon a road yeah I mean all this has to be decided and it's it's not for me to have the burden of proof that I can put a road right there. So I just I regret that I mean we there's times that plat language we loaded up we loaded up to the guild sometimes when we want to be in abundance of caution you know so you know I think in this case the way it was presented was and and we recognize that we have had opportunity when it comes to oh I'm just doing this the biggest problems that we have when it comes to we've heard that story oh this is just family property I'm doing a state plan and this isn't the case here by the way but oh we're just doing some estate planning this has been my this has been 40 acres has been in my family for 50 years all I'm doing is I'm just doing this in this and this is from my son my daughter my daughter-in-law but then next thing you know the daughter-in-law sells to this one this one doesn't talk and it's new people and you have a development and guess what the development has no improvement so I agree with you that we have to be more we have to apply a universal standard of care and don't get caught up into that all I need to do is you know this and regardless of what happened here I may still be faced with the the situation anyway sure because of what the issues are right well I think what we can do to be more supportive of your of the of the of the situation is we owe you a clarification of our interpretation of it to your neighbor and then I'm going to recommend that we record that same letter in courthouse and so that way he knows or she knows that proposed is proposed is not happening and so when I go to slimco and there's a problem because they say well they move this thing or just refer them to to panel sure all that's a permit process yes but at that point we're not going to get caught up in missing the paper trail between my request to slimco and actual lines on the ground right I think you're doing the right thing and I don't want to see the statue to leave any limitation run out on you know I appreciate that I appreciate the two Mr. Mark let me say let me say this if nothing cancel that nothing created the servitude okay that's just like I'm taking off on with the mayor set just because you record a plat then make it happen okay so unless both landowners agree to the servitude then there's no servitude now a servitude can be abandoned by mutual agreement between the parties or 10 years non-use okay so if you don't use it in 10 years it goes away so if you don't have that then your servitude still valid oh yeah and if if he wants to move the servitude it's at 100% his expense so none of that's happened nothing in that direction and a gravel road horse service to the point of exactly what I have right now access to get them a property but I'll take off on with the mayor set and we prepare a letter for you you yeah question for either you or Nicole does this need to be an actual item by the council or can you proceed with the recommendation from the mayor I think we can proceed with the recommendation from the mayor but welcome up an action by the council if you feel like it's only ask because of so we need to probably move to other business to make it actual more yeah I don't think it's this sir we do you want we wanted mr. Seymour to have the platform to be on to be on record objective right yeah and that's why I'm being comfortable saying what our intention is and I appreciate working with Pam of course and wait but she might not be here too long I don't know oh whoa whoa hey mr. Seymour excuse she's gonna go before I will okay yeah well I like working with Pam I mean she gives me no right direction yeah yeah good and and you know what just one more point that the council doesn't have just it's not in it's not in the packet but what mr. Seymour held up and I think Pam has a copy of it too that's a letter from our engineer at the time to me recommending the recording of that plan is that correct right of a boundary line of boundary line adjustment so so you know it didn't it didn't just it didn't just land you know like like this with less signature to the courthouse and it did go through a process now it it arguably I believe it it would have been viewed differently had we had some a more seasoned reviewer on it there's no question there's no question thanks for your season that's not an offensive term okay I like season did not know it's offensive these days I don't want to be even mr. Seymour we nothing but respect for you and your families sir we will this I think that I think that mr. Tron knows exactly what we need to do and we'll make sure that we supply you with a copy of that in in in do order along with the paper that where we've recorded it as well so all right thank thank you both and I appreciate you'll be in here all right on a maybe a lighter now mr mr. Charles Schwarmis here this evening along with crew lobby do and crew the Akkadian and they want to announce their upcoming festival which is bringing you our burger bringing you our burgers hamburger and hot dog festival b-y-o-b which is going to be held on Sunday April 13th at the Youngsville Sports Complex amphitheater so rusty Charles floors yours gentlemen thank you so much for allowing me to speak what I wanted to do is just actually give a formal invitation to the council let everybody know last year we had a really successful b-y-o-b event and we catered towards the part department this year we tried to change things up and we're going to cater towards the police department due to the success that we had last year we kind of career up a little bit more thank you mr. Mayor and thank you for the the sports complex as well as the team for allowing us to use the facilities this year I just wanted to clarify that we're going to do Sunday April the 13th from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. we are goal is to raise $5,000 and we're going to split that between Bruce R. PD and Youngsville PD we've got a bunch of fun activities lined up this year we expanded on our vendor section so we're going to have 20 plus vendors we're going to have reshooting for 30 cooking teams right now we're in the 20s right now so we've got a little bit worm room to work with we have a huge kids corner again this year petting zoo face painting balloon artist a bunch of other fun stuff to do as well we're going to have a live raffle we're going to have a 50-50 we're going to have an auction this has made a lot of things to do the ultimate goal here is to corrode the event and hopefully turn it into a true big festival to keep on our side of town this year I got to help I got to help with mr. Rusty Newell he's going to help me coordinate it he's also going to be one of the judges for it and he's going to talk a little bit more about himself and our special our special awards I guess we'll talk about it yeah so how you're doing for those of you who don't know me I'm resting no well with rusty seasoning I really wanted to compete in this and for some reason I wasn't allowed to I was told I compete enough now I'm just I'm honored like everything that happens in Young'sville this is going to be a great event a great time for a great calls with me coming on as a judge we competition cook every weekend I wanted to really structure this to be very competitive but very fair so that's on the open side I created an award for the police departments we are going to do a little pit a little rivalry between Bruce or Den Young'sville PD in their own separate burger competition with a travel and belt whichever department wins gets to keep the whole WWE belts at their department till the following cookoff in the following year nothing like rivalry amongst the police departments but no I'm just honored to be part of this and and do good for our law enforcement you know because they're always there for us and thank you guys for having us for sure thank you so much that's it I hope to see you out there hope you guys are ready thank you we're excited to welcome it you guys to Young'sville and I had a great time last year I went to the I went to the first day of your festival and we're excited to have it here in Young'sville so looking looking forward to thank you Rusty Charles all right 3.3 is a presentation of the 2025 Young'sville Morty Girl Awards and the following categories best original float was number 17 crew de pets prettiest float number 23 I'm assuming it's the doogah crew in most spirited float number 54 crew decaying anybody here representing all right okay well maybe come on up the one at a time maybe come on up yeah oh yeah and I think we got so got them all here all right so which one which one are you crew to pass crew to pass okay best original float what was your tell us about your team what was it well I just wanted something different but easy to put on and take off and we all came up with the duck one like it and we printed the ducks and the shells and it looks really good so yeah that was our second year changing it up next year so it's not your not your first time riding with this thing no I've been riding with you know I rode on horseback I used to rise yeah when I was younger on horseback and then we did the floats for a while and then my kids went into high school and they both played baseball so I couldn't do it yeah because they always played on money and then we came back after they graduated we were we were honored to have you back and thank you for all the attention of detail that you put into it so maybe we'll get a picture of everybody at the end but this is for you congratulations thank you who else is in that I'm the audience with this thing oh here we go yeah come on up mr. Lewis right and let's see which one which one we're most spirited okay tell us about your flow that's the family okay Lewis yeah I mean I said it's good as it used to be the Lewis family farm sorry it's called the name we've been young children for a moment I can't remember and I mean we didn't decorate anything other than the sign that's our logo I think we've been riding for eight years just us as Lewis farms well spirited float I think problem I wasn't one of the judges but I think spirited float probably goes into not just the way it was decorated but they're probably that well we I want to give this to you come come back up if you don't mind yeah and so we can take a so we can take a root picture we didn't discuss this exactly as a team but for the winners we are given a discount I didn't say that last year so we'll coordinate that with y'all to where your entry fee for next year we'll be you know that we didn't talk about it as a committee member but we'll we'll work it out so don't want to get here in the front yeah let's go to the shirt oh you know my thanks for letting me know y'all don't move around all right ready one two three okay you thank you I think this year if I promise discount stay by I don't think so so they went back and went back and went to the mail it's on the right it's on the knees okay this kind of day three for twenty five six thank you thank you thank you all very much thank you all for participating in part of it and I hope you'll have a great time always have a good one for the senior I'm back next year all right all right four point one's approval of the February 13 2025 meeting minutes all right motion by mr. Boljanos their second so second oh it's okay seconds by Miss Boris any uh yeah we're having think they have any public any council comment or any public comment any questions relative to the to the meeting minutes okay uh mischiedry please call the vote miss Boris yes mr. Boljanos yes mr. Romero well staying i was absent um mr. Nylon yes motion approved right five point one approval of the January 2025 finance report make a motion to accept so i agree you have motion by miss barra second by mr. Romero our cfos put the financial has along with the financial reports you gave to this evening copy the sales tax report Catherine do you want to update the council sure of course um so collections for the month of February as you see in front of you um at one point um one point million um a little over um low less than last month but um considerably over last year by five percent so still trending on a well um very good yeah so eight months of the fifth school year up five point zero eight ahead of the previous year uh just for the for to remind you guys in the public we did budget a zero percent sales tax growth uh and that's eight eight consecutive months where each month uh was exceeding the previous years uh sales tax revenue all right there's a motion second any comment all right any uh council comment all right um mischiedry please call the vote mr. Boljanos yes mr. Romero yes mr. Nylon yes miss barra's yes motion approved i think you counsel six point one that's a request for a preliminary preliminary plat approval to subdivide seven oh three church street until lots one a and one b located in section seven t eleven s r five e so um in your packet councils uh oh i'm sorry you come on i'm sure yeah uh and i'm sorry i don't think i've uh john harvey john harvey okay in mr. harvey you are the the the landowner are he i hope to be landowner okay are in the contract trying to buy got you okay uh what thank you for being him mr. harvey um counsel in your in your in your packet was a letter from uh Garrett Noel he did the uh review of the request to subdivide the property it's basically taking for the public benefit it's taking one piece of property at the corner of church and fifth street that's currently sixty seven feet of frontage on church street and uh a hundred and sixty five feet of frontage on fifth street so sixty seven by one sixty five and the request is to subdivide it into two parcels each being sixty seven by eighty two and a half uh and uh on um did you plan to present this or not really you did okay please i wasn't sure since it was on by Garrett we still review everything with him um so there are some plat revisions that are listed on here but i think but the main part that we wanted to discuss is that just similar to uh one that came before us in um the roya bill area a couple of months ago it doesn't meet the minimal square footage that you have so without a counsel variance for the less than the seven thousand square feet to be able to divide it we can't from at at ours at our area to our level to be able to say approved not Kim Garrett without counsel approving um basically or granting a waiver for the smaller square footage um these are these lots that it is divided into is going to be very similar to the older type of lots that we have downtown and similar in size to one um that you guys approved with the variance a few months back across the street from green tea linden so it's similar there um as you all know roya bill area has some large lots some small lots but there are lots that are even smaller than what this would be divided to it's just based on our ordinance it doesn't meet the minimum square footage um that is the only thing outside of that everything else can be a plat revision as far as for legal descriptions and things like that but that is the only ordinance that would need to be that would have to have variance from the counsel in order for it to move forward thank you Pam Mr. Harvey anything you like to address or maybe share with the council um she she said it very well I was just going to point out uh as she just did that within roughly a one block area there are at least 13 other lots that are the same size or even smaller so it is consistent with what I'm asking okay and uh I know I mean this isn't really what would the council's hearing tonight but I mean just to let you know because I have a feeling it's maybe on your mind is that um Mr. Harvey uh you know knows the the requirement about town homes he's he knows the the public comments the sentiment you know he knows that those would have to come back before you if that is the desired use but he's indicated to the the permitting office that the intention is to single family houses one on each of the lots and uh from those conversations uh it would be uh two single family residential houses one per lot and there's no request for any setback uh variances on that so setbacks uh for that neighborhood is our standard which would be five feet on the sides 20 in the front 10 in the rear and um the the applicant is aware that um that's what he would be that's what he would be doing I do have a copy of the actual home plans we intend to build if anyone's interested in looking at thank you sir you have them with you yes uh I mean we've got a lot of discussions about this area and what what can and can't be done I think the compromise that into the day is a lot of these lots are going to be subdivided you know divided into two is the preference I think that's what you're bringing us obviously or I know that's what you're bringing us I haven't had a chance to look at this yet I'll be happy to uh motion to approve the uh vans request for seven or three church it's a lot's one a and one b okay motion by mr. Romero all second all right uh it's second by mr. Boljano see is there any council comment or discussion question if i need any public comment or question mr. Strong would you like oh i'm sorry mr. Miss Alburero i apologize habit my apology um i i appreciate you guys um looking at this really close the conversation that was had with old town youngsville constituents and this council was that we have a very high density rate of occupation already and that we were allowing large high density developments to be created a lot of town home developments and we already have small tight one-way roads congestion in and out of schools we have three schools and three blocks you know um and that you guys were going to be hopefully working with all-town constituents to create some ordinances that would protect us from usages other than homes and other such things that uh yeah other than single-family dwellings if in fact we have really small lots lots that are smaller at least and i appreciate this guy he wants you to divide it into he wants a single-family homes that's better than town homes but it would really we would really like it even more if he would take the lot and put one house on it if we um allow you said there are pay him you said there are lots even smaller than than what we currently have what he currently has um do we really want to get in a practice at this point of some of those lots that are larger in coming back and getting chopped up into little bitty tiny pieces all over town and now we still have that even higher rate of congestion going on do we want to do that right now prior to the full conversation of what are we really going to do with all-town and what protections are we going to put in place for all-town and if we if we do this kind of stuff now if we keep allowing these things happen before we decide will there be anything left to decide when it comes down to it so i just i just ask for a little bit of caution if you so deem it and that we kind of put the brakes on things and try to encourage a decision on what are we going to do with all-town so that these guys who are coming in and wanting to do something with it know what they can and can't do and i guess that's about all I wanted to say thank you thank you ma'am is there anyone else that wishes to address the council i agree it's people have been coming in and warning variances on the smaller laws then is recommended by an engineer i we don't need any more congestion in that area considering it's right next to youngsville middle green tillings three bucks away and it's right i'm i'm going to say this that at that meeting had a lot of people there a lot of feedback and the what i walked away from that i feel like we were way away from what we can do on our ordinance and right now we are as far as what can be done down in that area the downtown area is very unique because you can go a half a block and there's a large home and you go down another half a block and there's three different little buildings that people are living in on a lot turn the corner and it's a school turn another corner now it's townhomes so i do feel we put the brakes or slowed down a lot of what was happening i think the compromise for me personally is what i've heard from people is we have all these empty lots they they look horrible they're not being cut you know abandoned semi-band and home stuff like that and we have people wanting to come in and not i disagree with the three four homes on a lot but someone who wants to come in and divide a property and put something that's slightly larger than what some of the things are down there not all of them but some of the lots and help beautify a little bit of that area is a win in my book yes it creates probably two extra cars potentially because instead of one lot having two cars now you have two homes maybe two cars at most but i think no matter what with the way the school is with traffic in general and how small those roads are we're always going to have traffic issues down there i don't i mean we did a uh traffic study and turned into one ways and i still don't know if that truly helped out a lot like the results i think it helped a little but i think it's caused a little confusion too uh you know we opened up we opened up uh the park for school traffic and i still hear complaints from residents on that i don't know if there's a true fix to it all and stopping development i mean we can't close the doors you know if we close the doors the youngs will we might as well just turn the falsehood off on the tax revenue and everything else my conversation was not that you guys should stop the vote okay by any means i'm missing i'm interested what what i hesitate or ask you to hesitate on is taking a lot and chopping it up into little bitty pieces with little bitty houses on each beat that where the houses are now going to be pushed to the boundaries you know where you're just stacking them all up what is the difference between that and the townhouse development well he's still going to have to abide by the boundaries the setbacks and all that we're not giving a variance on setbacks similar to it was it the January meeting or the December meeting it came up yeah and you know it's not that it's all he's asking for is i want to split this lot up i'm going to abide by the setbacks yeah you have a lot that has setbacks but now you got to cut it too and how many square feet are the homes roughly just over a thousand i mean i don't i don't see people coming in putting two thousand plus homes in the downtown area that's what that lot would call for if it's two homes put together it's almost two thousand square feet i'm not i'm not trying to be defensive or anything like that i'm just i'm just opening it up to we we have to meet somewhere on it i think for now it's a good compromise we don't it's not a ton of people coming to us we've had setback variances and stuff and we have not done a lot of that i think something like this in my opinion this is only me because i made the motion i agree with it because i see a lot of positives with that corner on church street being developed and having you know beautification i think i think no one who lives in old town would disagree that people purchasing and putting homes on any of those lots would not be a beautification it would be i just ask you to hesitate if you're going to take downtown lots and chop them up until it becomes okay to yeah yeah i don't want it to become a president yeah i want to create there's not much difference between you know taking a large a lot chopping it up in four pieces and and taking the large a lot and put four townhouses on so basically the same thing so just um hesitate with that just a little bit so mr. Nile and i know the i saw that you had a question are you okay or yeah i'm good okay any other any other public comment that's out there all right so we had a motion in a second okay mr. Gidry please call with a mr. Romero yes mr. Nile yes miss Baris no mr. Bojano yes motion approved thank you right uh i mean i before we move on i i guess i just want to make one one comment about it as i'm thinking about it uh i'll suggest that there's still potentially some opportunity with regards to i'm just going to share this with you know my colleagues we've had we had meetings relative to that area you know we had a nice representation i feel like i think the council heard the feedback of you know that's careful how dense we're going and things like that um so i feel like the the townhouse so what i'm going to speak to here is really not relative to do you want a townhouse or not it's really about do you want um he's a body and sing two single family homes what i want to share though is i think for something to maybe to think about that i think may satisfy mr. A maybe um the materials so just be thinking that i mean those townhomes while i think there was some resistance fundamentally about townhomes those townhomes just to just to remind and i was trying to look for a picture of them but i don't want to be distracted on my phone because i may not be able to find it quickly but those townhomes were a really great material each one had a garage i believe there was exterior exterior material that consisted of brick and a variety of a variety of materials there so they're because on townhomes that's what you've asked for through your application of that through that ordinance that the that the materials you know be we really wanted to say if hey you want to do a townhome it has to be nice because we could take it examples around the community where it's not nice so because that area has some character and i don't think it's really particularly we had an architect comedy says you know you can only use materials that were around like before the automobile and stuff i mean that may be going too far with it um but i guess i'm just this solved the the question of having a house but not a townhome but i would probably just suggest for our thought that that townhome may have been twice the cost of that house so it really depends not that one's better than the other but what's really the goal there you know if it's affordable housing well this may be what you're looking for if it's to have something that's going to be that's going to lead the comp set down there or create a new comp set down there then that probably would have been those townhouses with the garages and really nice interiors and things like that so maybe there's still opportunity to talk about or maybe it's just minimum lots of it's sticking to it you know yes i just tried to hold it and always simply ask to do it i know all of you guys probably do you guys view the neighborhood it's all regulated you have it's the way your house on either side you want to cost street looks very similar inside and to what you are well i think i think that is sure well that's certainly a that's certainly a fair question i would i would i would also just share into the conversation that what i mean development for property values i think in probably arguably improves it because we're talking about a piece of property where the city has spent it's money cutting the grass and maintaining it and cutting it and whether it's a previous council or this council the council said that no mobile home can be on that site you know so when that last mobile home left so mobile home can't go on it i mean we were we've been waiting for the the perfect we've been waiting for somebody to come and build a you know a traditional house basically it as it existed and maybe that maybe okay you know but from up for a concentration of when we look at where we're looking at like new senses and things like that across our community there's more properties that are adjudicated meaning that there's there's like you know new senses abandoned owners the reason it looks good is because your tax dollars are are cutting it and maintaining it that's what's going on in that area you know overall so it feels great and it looks good because like we're investing a lot of money through public resources to make sure that it's being kept up you know so i agree that some of the density developments like you know i think avenue a the town of san avenue a won't happen again it's you know two dense they may be beautiful products but it's they're two dense what happened on fifth street that's just coming on the market won't happen again without there being a you know a future council varying so i do think that they're they're trying to really do something there that's going to be for the betterment of it but whether the the miss borrowers just to clarify one point the engineer is just pointing out that it's the council's ordinance so they can't recommend something that goes against the ordinance so she's not she's not calling it into question because it's um you know it meets some you know code other than just the code that's been imposed by by this body so in any way i i i i sense that there's more discussion that needs to be have there i'm certainly willing to do it i know some own took interest in it missandre did you did as well i mean um i'm i'm happy to continue discussing it because if i know how to solve the situation there i'm happy to to draft an ordinance and put it before the council but it may also have to come from within the community through the council because how we're how we're managing that area now is through through keeping the grass cut and it looking sharp and you know those type of things to just try to make it a desirable keep it a desirable area i should say um missandre yeah i just wanted to say with with that area the the feedback that i had heard was we want beautification um and that obviously beautifies that area but with the single family homes as well i think of walkability for young families with green tea linden right there that gives the opportunity and affordable opportunity to move into youngsville i know of me personally right now if my family was looking to move to youngsville we probably wouldn't um the houses now are at the point of being almost outside of the price range for what i would feel comfortable coming into homes and these this type of establishment building something new like that whenever i was looking eight years ago they didn't have any homes in in that area we looked and there wasn't any that we would want to move into where i'm at now was supposed to be a three to five year home but it's probably going to be closer to 10 to 12 years just with the the way that pricing and houses is going up so when you have these people developers that are looking to come in and beautify an area provide walkability to schools and foster park right there um i think it's an awesome opportunity for younger families to be able to come come here and have that opportunity to live within our great city and something that would be affordable for them um so that's how i look at it um and so uh i understand the whole town home thing but uh i think two small um family homes that can be starter homes for people i think it does increase property value instead of putting some two thousand square foot home that you know it's that's a very unique situation uh for someone to want to come and do that and obviously nobody nobody's wanted to at this point so um yeah seven point one appointment to the young soul of municipal police civil service board representing the college list board member for three year term from a list of applicants submitted by doctor Joseph Savoah president of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette and the letter dated February 5th 2025 council member Ramara yeah uh mayor after speaking to some of the uh appointees or not potential nominations uh i'd like to go in make a motion to appoint uh mr. Lewis Randy van de corps okay this emotion on the floor to appoint mr. van de corps and see mr. nylon um i was just going to start out by thanking um the three applicants uh that uh that i had received i'd sent out questions to all of them i just want to let everybody know that we're really picking from some great candidates here i mean we've got claim investigators uh people who've served at the Lafayette paris sheriff's office uh detailed investigations within their histories um just a very impressive resume for all of them um and so it's definitely a difficult decision and i just want to thank um all of them uh for putting their names in the hat and uh and given this this opportunity to pick from such a great great list of uh of gentleman thank you sir and uh i'll second uh the motion made by uh mr. Romero all right is there any other nomination all right any uh any public comment or any council comment all right uh mischiedry please call the vote for the appointment mr. nylon yes mr. boljiano yes mr. Romero yes yes thank you sir thank you sir i'd like to thank the council again for uh proving me i i think it's a very important position i'll take you very seriously now i'm looking forward to working with other members thank you very much appreciate thank you thank you mr. vannecourt for serving all right uh jen item 9.1 uh let's see maybe we do Pam and then we'll hear from Susan oh sorry about that excuse me all right 8.1 resolution 2025 06 a resolution of the city of youngsville declaring movable property of surplus and further authorizing disposal will this disposal in accordance with state law mr. Romero uh motion approved resolution number 2025-06 thank you sir is there a second second second by councilman boroughs any council discussion any any public comment okay this is a list of equipment from the sports complex that's no longer needed for for public use correct there's no public comment mischiedry please call the mispires yes mr. Volgiano yes mr. Romero yes mr. niaman yes motion approved all right excuse my urgence why whatever uh Pam so with Pam Susan 10 so hey so on fortune road as you as everyone can see they are continuing to do the concrete uh on the roundabout um what's they finished that they'll do the asphalt so as of right now um they are 30 percent time ahead of schedule just uh just uh we're still on on schedule to be uh late spring early summer so they're moving right along on highway 89 they are continuing to add the crush stone under where the curb's gonna be on the east side of the road center point continues to do their relocations on the west side of the road they are almost two fortune road um we have added a turn lane we made some modifications to the plans to add a turn lane into uh save a palms to issue that into the 90 percent plans for the contractor on Riviera road we the mayor just recently the project manager from DOTD is trying to schedule a kickoff meeting in the near future for both La Riviera road and the fortune road projects the highway 89 we still wait in the grant results which will be this closer to the summer anslam huli drainage project the drainage study's been approved we are still waiting on the core permit and um and then after that we'd be able to do the appraisals so that's where we are with that project um for highway 92 and press got we just finished getting some additional survey and um we are in a position to get with the mayor on shimit agriap for the phase one um we you know we would be in a position to be able to have some plans for summer advertisement okay also if that's yeah that's what the city would still like to do any questions for Pam so so many events of her project the young so highway continue and it's really I mean you can really see the east curve there now they're working on the west side um the uh la Riviera the bits have been opened so uh back the contracts are upstairs we Nicole and I were just seeking some clarification on them to get that project started so those are really the think the main events but shimit agriap is basically just an an overlay of the guillot and datonsides coming in but but not really that s yet are they curved yet right first phase is the outer outer parts of it okay any questions for Pam yes sir I was sharing with the mayor today I've been hearing a lot of feedback I'm very shocked but pleasantly happy with how 89 is going uh not a lot of disturbance to the community uh for such a large project so good as to you guys for uh making it easy to to an extent growth is never easy but for a large project they're very areas. Good job. Thanks, mate. Susan or Sarah. So you have my report in front of you. The wastewater plant, we're awaiting LDH and DEQ approval. Once we have that, we'll go to bed for the redesign. We reduce the scope on that. For the pump stations, pump station four is moving along. I got a projection of the schedule and it looks like in about a month, they should be done with that. Pump station four, I be a real street. Yeah. So they are moving along on that. Pump station three, they're still awaiting the pumps, but they do plan on moving in within the next two weeks. They're going to connect the force main from southern trails. That was just stopped there. They're going to connect that to the wet well so that they can do their pump station start up. And then we'll just shut it back down and finish our work on pump station three, which is on Young Street. The water plant is moving along. The report says 45% but they've done some more work since then. You can see the building going up. They're supposed to be complete in September. Sugar Mill pond. We're working on plots and plants for that. So that is moving forward. The water line interconnections, you've probably seen them laying water line on railroad street. They did some boards down up railroad and up parkwood. So that is moving along that they're supposed to be they have about 2,200 feet installed. That should be finished by June. And then pump station five. We're working on those plans right now. We should get those out in the next month or two. Any questions for Susan? I think the biggest change that noticeably from her report is the water line interconnections. That's in the heart of the city railroad east parkwood area. With the objective there is it's taking water from our new water plant and it's basically connecting that to more residents within our community. So that's the work that's happening now in the curve. Most notably this week in the curve near railroad is if you were heading to public works. There's no questions for Susan. We'll move on in Sarah. Congratulations. Sarah is recently married. So all right Tim. Under sports programs, the YST ball, baseball and salt ball Lee, they will begin practice on Monday. The sugarbeats spring Lee will be well started, but we'll take it a week off for the southeastern slam tournament. But we have 135 teams registered for the sugarbeats league. F and A football will start at the end of this month. They're practicing. Bitty basketball is into their all-star tournaments. Then all tennis programming. You know it's continuing. Rec center, pick of all, council and aging, free play continues. Special events in southeastern slam. Collegiate volleyball tournament is tomorrow and Saturday. The whole school is southeastern. So southeastern to Lane University of Louisiana Monroe, UNO, University of Southern Miss, Spring Hill College from Mobile, Alabama, University of Central Arkansas, and University Tennessee Martin from Tennessee will be competing. With the weather, the changes will be that they'll play from eight to eight on Saturday. And then I'm sorry tomorrow eight to eight and then Saturday, they will play depending on the weather. They're ready to either delay the start or whatever the weather brings on Saturday. It's free admission for the southeastern tournament. 2D baseball is beginning all their baseball tournaments on the weekends and at the YSEU expansion fields. Cajun league girls held the tournament this past weekend. Have another one this weekend with about 40 teams in that tournament. MMA event coming at the end of this month at the Rec center. For the new expansion, as we mentioned 2D tournaments in all the high school baseball and softball games are being played there. The STM Hope Fest will go on as planned. He's canceled the Pickleball tournament, but the first band's not until noon, so they will hopefully be able to get underway at that time. The rotary glow Pickleball tournament is going to be March 15th at the new expansion. We'll have some more details to host our Easter extravaganza on April 19th. That'll be put on by balltone YSEU in one of our local churches. The Lions Club, they're a Fado though, is coming their festival in May 10th and then the Pemberh High Dull Festival that was announced. And a yoga fest too coming in the fall. Just because I was in October. All right thank you. Anything you sir? Yeah. Tim, I finally caught you. The rotary Pickleball is the 22nd out of 15. And all these years, you finally had one right I like him. He never gets it wrong. It's okay then. It's all right. A couple different events. I want to bring up first of all, keeping youngsville beautiful. We are having our annual litter cleanup day on April 5th. The sign up is available on the city's website. If you go up to the top under living, keeping youngsville beautiful, there's a link to sign up there. So I encourage you bring your crew, whoever you've got your friends, your family, sign up, come help us pick up litter around the city of Youngsville. Also, I want to announce on April 8th is our annual chamber banquet. The chamber is celebrating 20 years. And so it is going to be a very fun evening. The tickets are available on the chamber website. So if you would like to come and support your local businesses and support your chamber, please sign up to get a ticket and come to the chamber banquet on April 8th. Also, due to weather, we had to unfortunately cancel our first farmers market. That was supposed to take place this past weekend. However, it is going to be the second second Saturday of every month. So our next one will be held on April 12th. We are still accepting vendor applications. The website or the sign up for a vendor application is on the chamber's website. So feel free. If you know anyone who does arts and crafts, any kind of food vendors, we are happy to have them go and sign up, apply online. And again, please come out. We would love to have the community come out and support those vendors, local businesses at our market on April 12th. And hope fest just to reiterate that that is a free event for everyone in the community through St. Thomas Moore. But it's music entertainment. I mean, it's their 18th or 19th year, 18th year, we're honored to have them move from Moncus Park to the Youngsville Sports Complex. So that is for everyone to kick off as at noon. I think now noon on Saturday. Okay, perfect. Anyone from the day? Any council announcements? Sir, Mr. Mayor? Yeah, we talked about rotary briefly with events like that and pumpkin patch and other things. It definitely helps provide rotary club with opportunity to give back to community. So if you know any high school seniors that live in the city of Youngsville, rotary club right now is doing our annual scholarship. We're asking for any seniors to go ahead and apply for those. We give out $1,500 scholarships. This year, we're actually up to 14 grand to be able to give out. So definitely a lot of our first of our labor paying off. So if you know any kids, have them apply, they have to the end of the month. All right, thank you, sir. I also want to acknowledge Mr. Ben was here representing Senator Kennedy's office. So thank you for being here, Jake. Appreciate it. Any other announcements or any further business before the City Council of Youngsville? Yes, sir. Mr. Nightland. I think the Chamber of Commerce has their scholarship open right now too, or did it just close? I think it closed tomorrow. Okay. It's for chamber members. Yes, they're for family members or employees. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for bringing that up. Yeah. And happy St. Patrick's Day that's coming up on Monday. So, you know, where are you green? Mr. Mayor. I'm sorry. I wanted to say one more thing. I know I gave Qtos to some of the people, but the city staff, whether it's public works, fire, police, sports complex, everybody. I mean, I have experienced Marta Girl from the city side for 10 years now. That was probably the most experienced like expertly run. And I don't know, especially the public works, guys. I mean, these people never get Qtos and police share them. Like I can't go on and on and brag about how impressive they handle things. Police presence was phenomenal. I mean, I know you had 60 plus more officers that you could see it. Sports complex, it was great. Didn't hear anything from the Mamba people, which is good. So, Qtos to everything they are doing, especially those guys. I know they don't get a lot of credit. Yeah, thank you, Matt. And that's just simply my closing remarks. No, no, no, I'm glad you did because I mean, they can't hear it enough. I mean, we were fortunate to have a very great team. And I want to thank Terry. I don't want to thank Nicole, Haley, Catherine, all of you. So, it was well run chief. It was a pleasure working with you during this year's Marty Grau. And, you know, look forward to continuing to provide a safe event for our community. As always, you know, we certainly appreciate any feedback from the event. So, we're already taking steps to plan ahead for next year. So, all right, any other business? All right. As our motion to adjourn. Motion. All right. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second. Second. By Mr. Romero. All in favor. Hi. Hi. Meeting adjourned. Have a great evening. And thank you for allowing us to serve.