 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you yoga And then I will wrap up with Edward Pitt. Thank you deputy imposing. Alright, I'm Ch Cristo, call for We also would like to present awards to Young'sville Fire Department. They have any representatives here tonight. The firefighters that were there that night that day were Captain Shawn Stelly, engineer gauge failure. Fire fighter Mark Grimiel and firefighter Mani Manual. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you Chief for bringing that forward. On behalf of the council and myself, thank you to all the first responders. We are certainly blessed in this community to have the brave men and women of the police department, our fire department and also a cadien to be their force. One of the things I was really eye opening to me in working with the fire department was the role that they play in this as well. Often it is police that is fire that are there on the scene to help with a cadien's effort. Collectively proud of everyone. Thank you so much. Also one acknowledge is Taylor here with a cadien by chance? We have a new...yes, Taylor. Yes please. We have a new VP of operations. Thank you. My name is Taylor Reeshar. I am the regional vice president for Louisiana West. I have been with the cadien for 15 years. I live here locally in the parish. Thanks for all your warm welcome. Again, been a part of the team. I was in the training division for our National EMS Academy before, but stepped into this role to be a part of the team. Again, thank you for your talk today and recognizing the our full force of team coming together to save someone's life. Yes sir. Congratulations on the new role as well. Thank you. Thank you. Yes sir. All right. Also this evening we have our Lafayette parish council member, Mr. Ken Stansbury from District 3, to give the citizens of Youngstead a parish update. Welcome back. Oh, great to be back. Thanks mayor. Thanks council. Have some great news to share with y'all. Recently we, the parish approved 400,000 for the South LaRibbier project. When I ran, I ran on, you know, these intergovernmental agreements where a team work, we're going to be together to get progress done in the parish. So this is an example. We are going through budget right now, so I'm hoping, I'm hoping we'll see if we can get awful bit more. So thank you. Nicole, thanks for your help. I really appreciate it. But that's really all I have to any questions from me while we're going through budget at the parish level or. Any any any questions for council member Stansbury. Well, Ken, I want to thank you. I mean, you were, you've been on full circle with the LaRibbier project. I know Pam will give us an update later in the meeting about that project, but it, it excites me to drive down and see, see the progress on that road. And they're making some great progress in the, in the work that's taking place so far. And that route collectively with the parish's help. And the years of grants, the grant process is going to provide such a valuable safe route north south artery for our citizens, particularly to the 1800 kids that attend Southside High School. But not just that. I mean, as we're expanding Youngsville Highway, the traffic has opportunity to disperse now, whether it's on the Fairfield extension, whether it's on Iberia Street to LaRibbier. So, we're going to beshine by pass the downtown area here of our community. So, thank you. You know, we're often told, you know, we're not doing enough road projects, but we have several under construction now more to come. So, thank you for the partnership, your colleagues on the council and also mayor president Bouley. We appreciate the teamwork. Well, thanks for your leadership in this and thanks to the council. I also want to just acknowledge this evening council member, Jordan Arson, who is here visiting us from the city of Karen, Karen, on the back row there. So, Jordan, enjoy working with you in your capacity in Karen, Kro so thanks for being here with this this evening. All right, other business 6.1. We have a variance request for the sign ordinance for Wendy's, which will be located at. I don't know that this is the right address. Yeah, on Shimmy Metery Parkway, we can ignore the, ignore the address there. I believe Miss Stacy Landry might be here representing the sign, yes, Miss Landry, you may come forward. Council members in your packet, I think the request is pretty straightforward. The trademark, Wendy's face is being requested to be on two sides of the building, which is in addition to the front sign. So, that's what's before each night for consideration Miss Stacy. Yes, hi Stacy Landry with deep South signs here to represent Wendy's. We're asking for three signs, one to be on the front elevation and two of the logos, the on the cameo to be one on each side, the left and the right elevation. That's Wendy's sign package. We have downsized the signs almost as small as we can get. The front elevation, the Wendy's is 29.53 square feet. The, the logos on each side, which is 13.27 square feet. Those are measuring 45 and a half inches in width and 42 inches in height. Do you all have any questions? Thank you. Miss Stacy, any questions from the council? I will agree that there's been numerous iterations from the sign company and the, the leadership of the, the franchise company with our office. I'm going to go to the office to put it in this posture to present you today. And I know the community's excited about, about Wendy's coming and we're grateful for has a foods. Interesting developing here. Mr Romero. No, I know we've made the appearances to signs and stuff similar with the little logo with the dead space. I'll make a motion to approve said variances. I'll move on to the next question by council member Romero. All right, second by council member Bolgiano. It's open for council discussion. Yes, miss miss. Let's see. Hang on a second, please. But not a problem. Okay, miss Shampa. What about the monument? Yes, that's also what I want to go over. So the monument that we have proposed actually we're again downsized from originally downsized it. So the monument is six and a half feet and width and the total overall height is seven foot, leaving a one foot base. So on my calculations, which the city did get different calculations. So the cameo I have across the width is three point. I'm sorry. Three feet, three inches and the height is two foot, three inches, three and a half inches. So when you calculate those measurements, I got seven point four or five square feet. The monument itself, that says Wendy's. I have 24.1 square feet and the total area of the sign calculations is 31.54425. If we get down to the nitty-gritty. And if you also want to add the base, the one foot base, if you add that, that totals 38.04 square feet. I just said a one foot berm because the drawing says two feet, two foot berm. I was talking about the base of the sign. So it's two foot berm, two foot base. Yes. The berm itself doesn't count. No. Yes, you know. Where's the square footage allowable for monument? I'm sorry. Thirty. Thirty-six. I don't know. I believe it's, is, Gary. I think I believe it's 30 when it's less than 50 foot frontage. So this one's one and a half feet over. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Or is it any further council discussion? Okay. It's open for public comment if anyone was to address the council relative to the variance that's being proposed this evening. Yes, ma'am. So what about your drive through signage? Drive through signage. Okay. So we will have our apologize. I've been out in the job field for the past two days on construction sites. So I just had enough time to shower and then head over here. So on the left elevation. I'm sorry. I have to bring that to the moment. Help maybe the, maybe I can help answer the question. The drive through. When you, you know, like McDonald's and all they have to drive through. Yes. You mean like go through the, you go through the, uh, and place your outside. Those signs. I was like the menu board. Yeah, menu board. Okay. Thank you, ma'am. Do you like to see the menu boards? Sure. Well, those have to be in compliance also. I don't see those. And I do see where you also have signage over, uh, over the doors. I see. There is a sign over the door. There's a group of one's. Pick up one says pick up one says. All of the signs over compliance. Or the law and ask for a fair. Because we were in compliance. Everything was good. Oh, delivery pickup is one. So all those are taken into consideration also Garrett. With the number of signs that they can have. So those are in compliance. Okay. Thank you. All right. Is there any further public comment? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on varying. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Michelle Pine. Yes. Mr. Morris. Yes. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you for your time. It's been a pleasure working with, uh, with Hasa and also, uh, I know I didn't have any direct communication with you, but, but through the team, we appreciate it. We know you went through multiple iterations and, uh, we were grateful for the opportunity to have you in our community. Well, we're excited to come out here. The town is beautiful. It's grown so much since the last time I've been here about eight years ago. Actually, I thought I was going to, um, new Iberia. I was like, wait, no, the town didn't look like this. So it's gorgeous. It really is. I don't know how I could follow what was in front of me. I was a nurse for 25 years. I teared up. I said, thank goodness I didn't put any eye makeup on. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, ma'am. Okay. So, the question item 6.2 is our bid review for the wastewater treatment plan upgrade. I'd like to ask Susan Reachard to come forward, please. This is the rebid of the wastewater treatment plan upgrade. Yes. As you know, we, um, paired down the job, redesigned. And we rebid it. And on July 23rd, we received two bids, uh, the low bid being from NCMC for 14,200,000. $297,000. Our estimate was about 11.5 million. We went to the water sector commission and requested 2.75 million from them. And we're successful in getting that. So with those funds, we have enough money to construct the project. So we recommend award. Thank you. Thank you, Susan. Thank you, Susan. Very honest, ma'am. Well, what was the prior bid amount? We were in the end of the year. Part bid was over 23 million. Okay. I thought it was pretty substantial. Yes. Great work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was redesigned and a value engineering. Are you ready to question? No, no. Any council comment or we've certainly entertained a motion to move forward. Okay. So, Mr. Niles, motion by councilman Niles and a second by councilmember Romero. Any other council comment? Yes. Susan, what was the biggest increase in that? So, instead of a four cell sequencing batch reactor, four basins, we cut it down to two. And with that, we have to continue to operate the oxidation pond. That's currently the treatment system. We have to operate it in tandem. We didn't lose a substantial amount capacity about 0.5 million gallons a day. But it should hold us for a good 10 years, you know. Will this allow us to have an addition to that? Or do you have to put a whole new system in later on, we want to expand it to a whole new system? We could add on. Yeah. We left room to be able to add on two more basins in the future. Okay. Thank you. Two more SBRs. Okay. Any other council comment or question? Well, before we open it to public comment, I just want to share that. Susan, you've been very patient throughout this process. I challenge you quite a bit on funding and things like that. So, I do appreciate you rising to the occasion. As the council, and we've already shared with the public, we did have a $5 million grant, which was competitively awarded. We did a competitive grant application to be able to be the recipient of the $5 million. Our intention was to use, we did have a .95% line of credit from DEQ to use for the remaining of the project. Susan, outline, the bid still exceeded the cost of construction. So, going back to the water sector committee last week, did prove to be successful in that we were able to obtain an additional 2.7 million, bringing the total grant award to 7.7. So, the 7.7 coupled with the .95% interest loan is what's enabling the construction of this project. So, Catherine, you were also very helpful in that. So, I want to thank you as well, Senator Brockmeyer's representatives Carlson, Boie Landrie, and every member of the water sector committee, which is a special committee of the legislature, which is a compromise of senators and representatives from throughout the state. So, just, it was a big team effort. So, is there any public comment on the project? In relative to the 10 years, I mean, today we're at a 20,000 population. 10 years has our population growth. If we stay on the trajectory from the 2017-2018 population projection puts us to about 30,000, which, you know, it's probably arguable on how much we can grow, honestly, beyond that. So, it'll be up to the council and the public to help decide that. All right. There's no public comment. I'm a skidry, please call the vote to award the bid. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Mr. Champagne. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Welcome, approved. Thank you. All right. Agenda item 6.3. I have another variance request for section 107.92. The Code of Ornances to allow a limestone driveway around the east side of South-South-South High School Stadium. And Ms. Angelique Hernandez and David Hammer are here. They're the architects on the project. Should you have any questions or if they would like to address the council? It's in your packet. This is the driveway. If you're looking at the high school stadium, it's on the right side. It's a right side driveway. It appeared to me that it's just going around the back like more of an access drive. I don't really know. Maybe they can help explain to you if it goes to any parking or anything like that. Let's see. Mr. Volgiano. Yeah. Good evening. This parking lot, or this drive, is going to be used for the away team buses. So it's designated for those because the buses take up so much space and the existing parking at South-South-South-South High School Stadium. It's rather limited for the expected size of the stadium. It's about 5,000 person capacity. So this would really help get a large majority. All the students would enter an exit from this kind of safer area. Then, you know, just an anticipation once the possibly once the parking lot fills. People would be parking on the roads and kind of narrow. And then, you know, when funding's available in the future, they will pave more parking around the stadium. So, you know, it's not quite funded or there was so finishing up some projects that were surrounding the stadium. So we kind of need this to, or they need this to start the football season and use the stadium. Yeah. I guess my question is probably going to be directed to somebody with a school board that probably isn't here tonight. I'm assuming that my question would be what's the timeline that they're going to want to ask about the parking lot because. I want to do it as soon as possible, but they were waiting on some bits to come in on some other parts. So I don't know that they have the final timeline, but I'm sure we can get that to you as soon as we. Yeah. I spoke with the mayor earlier just over the Toronto IC when we can put all the NASA road into the road infrastructure plan. Because that road's so narrow and we drive it all the time. I'm just imagining when we have, you know, a couple thousand, you know, fans, students and parents leaving the game that's going to be a cluster. But I don't know that I would personally want to approve a variance for gravel until we can have a definite data when we're going to get the parking lot asked for. Just just in my opinion, if there was like within a county or I can see that wouldn't be a problem, but I wouldn't want to say that in the two, three years down the road, being that they just asked for a variance on the other building because they didn't have funding trying to get that approved the nine just doesn't seem. I think they're trying to do it much faster than a two year timeline. It might be the next fiscal, my understanding it's the next fiscal year, but I mean, there, we've designed it. It's laid out so they just had to get the other projects funded or bid out to know what would be left over. So it's, it's high on their priority list. Can you point out how many feet from the road to where the gravel is going to start is we put in we have in a concrete drive apron to come in and that matches the apron that's right next to it. So it's pretty wide and I think it probably goes in about 30 feet 30 feet. I was told it was about 40. Yeah, 40. I did speak with a superintendent this morning kind of briefly about it. He was at our road meeting and he did a grease had there was about three or four bids there waiting to finalize. And they will be circling back on several little ticket items and this was one of them. It was pointed out to that a KD and I think come of both have gravel behind some of for their parking as well, which they eventually look at wanted to do that as well. This is going to be one of those unfinished tickets that they will finish out. Council miss champagne. Thank you, Mayor. Yeah, my question was along the lines of Lindy and I really hate to approve something that we don't have a definite timeframe because I do get to concern. We have a strict ordinance that doesn't allow non-horde surface parking lights. So I don't know what the solution to that is but I really don't care to pass this fall with tonight unless we can get a finite time train. I agree with you, Lindy. Because yeah, that's a good that is valid concern. Yeah, I don't mind the gravel temporary but I mean I went to come in that was. 2006 to 2010 and it's still gravel today because it's never been paved. I don't know if it's a cluster. It's up to say that I don't trust them. I would like an answer if they're going to bring this forward. I want to I want to definitely answer hey within 12 months we're paving it. We have the funds that are being allocated here on this date but I mean I fuck we're cutting funding left and right because we're building and adding on a new school which is great but I just wanted to answer more or less. I do have another question. Are y'all going to come with any other variances? I think this is the third or fourth one. The gentleman requested. I mean the stadium will be complete. With except for the park the future parking that's not yet. Out to bid are completed. It's not ready to go out to bid because they don't have the funding for it but it's laid out. As far as I understand any projects that we've worked on or that are on that campus there's no other variances. I believe the field house has been bid out and that one is approved and has a little bit of there's no variances needed for that and this is that's the last of what's being built around the stadium. And you know I totally understand where you're coming from with those concerning comments. I just want to share that you know the first game is going to be on September 5th. It a lot of these other high schools do have based some of their parking on areas that are not even paved. It's just like grass. And so we can't even use the area around because it's not even graded yet. And once you get graded you can't park anywhere around the stadium for a while because it's just looser right now. So even if you were to grant something kind of temporary they really they just won't have access to get everybody in and there's only a couple of wait there's one metal detector area. Weapons detection where that where all that the public will come in and then there's the one. Another area where the officer will man this band and the team to come in and if we had this other area then everybody on the wayside can come in on that area. So it's just like the immediate use of that. You know I understand where you're coming from but they are they really have a very difficult situation right now to get up and. Yeah well they're with their winning is just to prove another variance for them to lower the cost but we have local residents that are business owners here who are putting their own dollars and asking for the same variance and then end up paving 30,000 dollars of the concrete. Whatever may be out of their own pockets so that's the school where as for a variance and we keep giving them that it gets to a point where there has to be a like with this it now like you just got to find the funds and it's nothing to you they need to be here to represent themselves but that's just kind of where I stand on it so. What up. Give it like we're up this might cost if you were to ask for a favor. Just rough ballpark. Okay I mean that's a that's a chunk of the chain even for school board budget. I mean I would propose that we put a two year time table on this that way gives them at least a fiscal year and a half. To budget for it you're also looking talking about a school that's almost in the middle of. Can field that how often is this road going to be used probably. So you're talking about six football games and probably a couple of across games fans events 12 minutes maybe probably won't use it they don't have they might have one bus that's coming in they only events like band events and and football where you have like several buses coming from the diagram it looks like you can't even see it from the road. It really is the most discreet area as far as the ability goes. It's better than being on an astropharic. Miss Jean-Pain. I just think two years is too long. Yeah council I think I'd be remiss if I didn't point out to you some of the design considerations that we've made on city projects. So one being the amphitheater access drive behind that's gravel today that was a cost decision. Part of the value engineering of the wastewater treatment plan was also removal of concrete if I'm not correct Susan. So you know of course it is it is the council's ordinance and we'll follow whatever direction that you guys choose. So we'll go ahead and point out some of our own areas that we've made decisions on recently specific to cost considerations. Mr. Romero. How many feet in Pam might notice how many feet is the entrance of that amphitheater on railroad right there. Was that 10 feet maybe? Well the concrete. The concrete 12 feet at most and you're talking almost 40 feet of concrete. I'm going to take a look at the size. I stand on motion. 68 feet. Oh okay well and I was told that the other day but I don't want to speak out because it was verbally told to me. Was there any comments about timeline maybe? Yeah yeah. Okay. I mean I'll make a motion to prove as is with a no timetable because they have been a good partner. We have to have a trust factor and it's the school system. All right. A motion by Mr. Romero. Mr. Nile. I'll second it. Right a second by Councilman Bernyling. Any further council discussion? It's open for public comment for anyone that was just to address the council relative to the variance. In the schedule there's no public comment. Please call the vote to approve the variance. Michelle fine. No. Yes, far as? No. Mr. Volgiano? No. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nile. Yes. Motion fails. Angelique and David will regroup with you guys to see if we can come up with some alternative. There is no, well, I'll say we'll figure it out. In great senior vote these two were part of our design team for the project management of this facility. So thank you all. All right. agenda item will move on to 6.4 property owner at 121 Iberia Street, Mr. Joshua Phillips is here this evening to request several variances for an RV boat storage facility. Mr. Phillips, welcome sir. Thank you. Thank you. I'm trying to do it. Knock it out in one turn instead of coming back multiple times. So as a small business owner we are fully committed to building a clean functional and safe facility that contributes to young's bills growth. We are requesting several several variances as you can see for proposed RV and boat storage facility in Young'sville. This project is a limited use non retail facility is on to serve the residents who require long term secure storage for RV trailers and boats. So my first first variance that I'd like to request mayor we were going to order. I think that might well let me ask the council how they'd like to how they'd like to approach this. Is there. Yeah. Is there. I guess. Let's go one by one. Really? I can remember. Is there an objection to going one by one? That's how we do it. All right. First one would be rear setback reduction. Our lots 257 feet deep the combination of 50 feet in the rear and 20 feet in the front leaves only 187 for usable depth. It's not quite enough to accommodate 13 enclosed bay storages and require drive and turning clearances. And the nature of the 50 foot buffer. Guarantees. Guaranteed 50 foot buffers because it a but residential. It's all. It requires a 50 so we're trying to reduce the rear. So we're not trying to do it up culture to the right. We're trying to get back. So this space is being you the your business activities still going to be removed what we're talking about is the green space that's going to be used for detention. It's just to fit another building. Okay. Got you. Councillor, do you have any questions about the what's being at miss jump? Just a buffer. I get that the ponds going to be there with the buffer what type of trees are they required to put along that property line? Yeah. What are they coming into how many? I'm going to line the back with you know those cypress trees that are you see that in front of people's front landscaping the tall skinny ones. So line the back with the privacy fence and then also have a line of those cypress trees. So we'll be installed prior to opening prior to final permit. Okay. Thank you. No landscaping family plan has been submitted yet. So we're still working through. So after these variances then we'll submit everything and part of our submittal to the city will contain a. The landscape plan. Chad Rusell that's all right and introduced are asking to introduce the engineer of record for Mr Phillips project. Is that see a few hold a second. Miss Boris. Yeah. I mean if I look at number five that's why I wanted to take all these you're asking for a 10% landscape in requirement. Right. Right. So it says the front of the building requirement is 10%. So if you look at the square footage of the buildings that we're trying to build we have to have 12,000 it's going to be 12,000 square foot of building. So according to this ordinance you need 10% in front of the building that's going to be 12,000 square feet. I don't even have 12,000 square feet of footage in front of the road in between my property and the road. So that's why I'm requesting that that be reduced as well. And then we're also going to put landscaping along the sides and in the back of the property. Just try to help you know meet that requirement. I think Mr. Romero understand which you're indicating. Some of these if some of these are I think if you allow me counsel it may be best that we take these out of water because I think the first the main event here is does this council want to grant a variance to allow this type of usage on the property and that's going to be an exterior access storage facility. If you're answer then is yes, then I think the the setback the landscaping the landscaping as an example if if the ordinance and garada. I don't have an economy but if if the ordinances 10% has to be a green space or landscaping. I have it right here. 10% OK. Because that that likely wouldn't work in this scenario with this usage because the frontage is going to have a very because the orders are storage is not here to self storage not so much right. But I think with in terms of Mr. Phillips coming from wrong but I think with the landscaping your you would be committed. There's no purpose of having landscaping behind the behind the entrance that's not going to be visible to the road right so I wouldn't want to see you have any like spend money in landscaping that's only going to be beneficial for the users of your facility the intention here I believe is to have just beautification. So you know where it's line aside if you're on the roadway right so I guess that's let me that's why I just some suggesting that I think there's a main event here do you want this type of usage the other ones are more specific to should you allow that type of usage then we can certainly get into it and assist Mr. Phillips in his design team with with specific design criteria on that site. As far as you were good man. Yeah there was just a miscalculation on the setback reduction he had it was 247 foot but I 257 foot but I see 247 on the length of the. The length of the property sorry that. Which means it would be to set one hundred less. A beautiful depth so. Why go to the five foot when you already 10 foot less. So yes I'm requesting the five foot into that green space. It will still be that green space will be landscape green space will serve also as a retention pond. There will be a privacy fence in between the buildings the end of the buildings and residential property behind us. You know if we have to we can make it also you know eight foot fence instead of a six foot fence. What's what's the pleasure of the council do you want to do you want to stick with the order that we're going or do you want to. So it's a number three you don't allow exterior doors I think the project then it's a it's a it's a move point to really go through a hard time on landscaping correct. Miss Champlain yes sir let me try and help this along a little bit. We have a very strict ordinance for or these and storage I should say storage facilities. We have stuck by that ordinance all this time we have other storage facilities that have net all the criteria that this ordinance has met there's one right on the corner from where you're going to be about a storage it and they they wanted to not have all the facade and things like that. I do want to remind some of the council was here I worked here at this time we do have a resident of our city born and raised in the city of young still they own hundreds of acres of land. He wanted the same type of facility on property that he's owned all his life and he's in his seventies late seventies and he was refused so he does not have a storage facility there because he felt it was just a little. To buy by the ordinance would cost quite a bit of money we get that we understand that process but there's a reason for it for this ordinance and why we put it in place therefore mayor looking at the waivers I can vote for any of these waivers on this facility so that would be my stance and based on what we have done previously which we have not allowed it especially limestone non-horde surface we just denied a school. To put not to put limestone that we want horde surface on their life so I cannot see any reason why I would vote for any of these variances. Thank you ma'am. Not even like to have the storage base they're facing each other not facing the street. No sir we have an ordinance in place I'm sure the city would work with you but I can't vote for any of these we have other storage facilities like I said in this city that spend a lot of money to make sure they win compliance. So it's a storage facility so storage facility storage facility you coming under the same ordinance so what I'm going to tell you is I get it they're very expensive our ordinance is very strict maybe it's just not the right type of facility for you to put there I understand you bought the property but there's also neighborhoods being built where people can't park their boat RV in young'sville in those neighborhoods that are being approved. I get it so then they're going to find some place to put it and so that would be very beneficial to you to spend the money and put it there because you're you're knitting right now that we have people that would probably be you'd be booked up right away but personally and knowing the ordinances and working for this city for six years and living here I will tell you that I cannot support this any of these variances. Sorry. When when well been our being everything opened up what was the where the owners and they were granted that was that because the building and the property exists already they were ran for the dinner did I don't remember what variance that was great great question and it and it is relevant. The reason if I recall that that usage was appropriate there and Pam make correct me here we do have certain areas of the city that are designated that allow for what at the time was considered more industrial. Now if I recall that was prior to the enactment with what your RV park ordinance I'm sorry with the storage ordinance did was an essence put a to some I guess you can as we'll call it a moratorium on exterior storage facilities and it increased the criteria for the rules on a traditional interior storage facility because there was enough there was a lot of things that I can't do. I was in a there was there was concern from the council and the public that they represent at the time that there was we had several of them in the pipeline. Now some of those projects fell off as a result of that ordinance some of the projects fell off as a result of the economy and inflation but there were several pieces of property that were that were purchased around that time period I think Mr Phillips although we haven't that we didn't discuss it. I think he may have been one of the ones that's you've owned the property a few years. So at the time with wild man what we were governing with the planning and permanent office was governing that on was not the there was no storage ordinance what we were governing on was it was an acceptable area for limestone and materials there for recall. So the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the my the the three beat my boy como and his the ob well aiza, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma, ma.. ma, ma, ma, ma ma gun meyhan, ma.. ma? ma, ma, ma gun meyhan, ma, ma, ma that was that was passed that were that these variances are relevant to the the areas within the city that having industrial exemption that has that's been there. So even prior to the the storage ordinance being passed your land use would not have allowed limestone in it didn't it didn't specifically call out an exterior storage facility, but it wouldn't have allowed some of the things that are being requested here. Anything facade your facade ordinance as we refer to it does not apply in the industrial. The the listen that that was the right thing for a majority of the council at the time of its adoption. I think what's before you tonight is just for you to affirm that that's still your stance on it. You know because it has been now it has been a couple of years when when directions you know change sometimes so I mean you that that's why he's here before you I mean sometimes you know we take it as far as we can within the permitting office but sometimes you know we see light there for whatever reason whether the people have owned the property for some time or it's been you know there's a reason you don't hear sign variances that often because the it may be an administrative team is working with people to come into compliance. But you know on occasion there's examples that we bring forward because we want to know a little pulse check from you. I do understand where where some months coming from with the big studio rule or something that was the item we're going to try to tackle first. I know what we did that for conventional storage obviously don't think that that's as I don't know how we can have the discussion about that as far as for RVs and for campers and both just because of the fact that's not as typical. While a grandfather is in under that under that ordinance for exterior old doors it's just that is commonly seen really anywhere I mean you have a few like big box big toy storage that's just a different type of storage. I would I mean in my opinion I don't I don't agree with the asphalt side I'd rather see asphalt than limestone in the facility that would be something I have to have the discussion about the role of doors is an is an issue with me. Just because the type of storage is just drastically different that's a different type of storage your household goods is a little different. And I'm just trying to think about what is really going to be built on that property next to the power plant in the future and I feel like I've been trying to do a better job. I guess we want people to do business in young's will and be easy to do business with however we want to try to buy these ordinances as best as possible. For me it's the it's a lot of something but I think that we can work past the exterior old doors just because of what you're storing there I think it's a little bit different than what we've been conventionally seeing these three story. Storage facilities and then the conventional ones we've seen around town so that's kind of my my stance and take on that I don't know how the rest of my colleagues feel on that but I do understand what you're saying about we do have a lot of neighborhoods and a lot of people living here who spend their money you know in our community and do buy assets for the home. To do the weekends and half less to park them part of that's on us on how much we allow in driveways and neighbor parkings of each away so he's creating a solution however we want to abide by our ordinance I just think they can try to work through some of it and that's a lot but the door thing is an issue for me. It is it's not it's not okay just because of what he's doing I do understand what what our ordinance states but that's just not an issue from. So. Council I mean you still want me to go back to number one unless you all I mean ask you want to student any objection to be sticking with number three so that way we can because I think that's probably the main event. Alright if there's no objection to to hearing number three first is there a motion to approve the variance for number three all motion all right a motion by Mayor put him bulls yana. Is there a second. Alright Mr. Allen seconds the motion is there any further council discussion it's open for public comment anyone wishing to address the council relative to the variance which is going to allow exterior roll up doors on the storage facility. Alright miskeedry there's no public comment please call the vote for the variance. No. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Neilin. Yes. No. Motion. Yeah. Mr. Phillips with all the respect I don't know if it's I don't know if we should go through the other ones at this time or. We'll chat you know that we'll if you want to pitch it back in a young property you know we want to work with you there I want to work with you there for something. I mean definitely I mean it's going to bring more taxes you know that's you know at least $7000 in taxes a month. I recognize and I want to be cognizant of it that's why. I mean if we're following into that three store box. The work. They're not facing the street they're facing each other. Yeah. Perhaps just for food for thought for the council and then we'll move on because they they've already acted on this. But just for future consideration us the ordinance says written. So we put some eyes on it we can we can bring it back with was your was the intention to allow exterior. Traditional self storage and do you want that to encompass outdoor RV parking. You know what if it was just an open facility as an example so. I think that would probably be the question that I would ask you just to just to consider certainly no action required but I mean all ordinances can be adjusted so. I feel like it was the intent was written so that you don't have self storage with exterior doors. Yeah somebody pull up. It's you know the multiple variances I think is what kind of gave up a nice or but I think what we did one is like a chain link fence and you just seen a bunch of arbit and both. I think what you presented was clean cut and not being seen from the roadway being there saw by side and you haven't and haven't covered oning so. I understand what you're trying to do. Chad thank you. Thank you all to see you soon. All right agenda of 6.5 presentation on young's was designation as a Louisiana development ready community. Mr. Pat Whitties here with the Louisiana economic development so I'd like to acknowledge him to come forward and address the council. Thank you so thank you for being here. Yeah thank you council appreciate your time. Just wanted to take a few minutes my job's pretty easy tonight that's just to thank folks. I took a minute to look at your vision statement just a saffron on your website and a thriving connected and vibrant young's bill that attracts families. Businesses and visitors of all ages offering a high quality of life economic opportunity and community pride. That's what we think the development ready communities program really is all about is to try to enhance that to augment your efforts. You've had a group of volunteers and a group of folks on its own staff and we had open house and got public comment trying to make sure that people understood that. Economic development is not a it's not a spectator sport it's something that you have to really be engaged in. Our program is not sophisticated our program just an opportunity again for volunteers for citizens for for administration to get together and just take a look at where you're at. Just just assess kind of where you are and and have an honest assessment you know many times when we think about ourselves think about the things that we do. We always have a pretty good point of view pretty good idea pretty good sense of what we're doing great. But it's only when you say these are the places we can improve these are the things that are important to us these are our priorities. That's when the work really can get done you have to have an honest assessment that's really what the development ready communities is about I mentioned the vision statement but you really need to think about adding resiliency and sustainability I was here I was here with the department and 16 floods and I know what it looked like then and what it looks like now so. Thank you for your commitment to continue work that you do I just wanted to mention again I mentioned volunteers and the folks that have spent some time doing this that's not an easy deal they assessed again where you were in terms of economic development what your commitment was to growth. They talked about controlling the narrative look if somebody doesn't if you don't tell your story you know in fact somebody else will tell your story so always being aware of the high points and the low points the things you're working on and communicating that with people is a big part of the plan you continue collaboration with other organizations that that is spoken to as well. And then the fact that you decide that you're going to leave this is an active type of effort when it comes to economic development so again I just wanted to take just a moment thank the mayor thank Haley she's been a key part of this whole thing I have to think one of my allies and I is leader the laughing economic development already and Mark Muto Mark and now check that box and he can maybe have a sigh of relief. But I really appreciate all this continued effort to move things this is a beautiful community and I'll just tell you with my father used to tell me every Saturday night when I left the house be proud of who you are and be proud of where you come from and that would ward off a lot of times any involvement in engagement I would have with the good good people in law enforcement with that let me just read the certificate. This is from our secretary Susan bourgeois. Luzanne economic development congratulate the city of Youngville for successfully completing the Louisiana development ready communities program and for their continued dedicated efforts focused on excellence in economic and community development. So again thank you all for what you do thank you for your continued efforts and I appreciate your time. Yeah Mr. Witty if you don't want to stand up but I'd love to get a picture with the council in yourself but first I want to acknowledge Haley Haley Leatherwood has truly been the one that has spearheaded this effort it was one of the things that I gave her as a but when I gave her something I'd like to see done she completely exceeded my expectations she not only saw that it was done she's owned it and this I think is just a greater reflection. Of a renewed effort from our team and our focus on the ability that we have to build the right community the one that we have that is open for business and I think that you have this has been a very helpful exercise for us so I want to begin by thanking Haley for leading the effort and not only leading it but owning it taking charge of it she has traveled around the state of the world. Around the state to to broaden her knowledge about the subject matter and I know that it's benefiting secondly Mark from Leeda we've had we've had more engagement with lead over the past I'll say two years since Haley's joined my office so Mark I sincerely appreciate you being as dialed in as you are. And then lastly just to the to the volunteers that aided in the community assessment survey including hosting the open house we had some participation here at city hall that was open to the public to make sure that the strengths and the opportunities in the platforms that the Haley and Mr. Witty and Mark and the team of volunteers that we had were focused in moving in the right direction so Haley that. Yeah I just wanted to say thanks to the volunteers really it wouldn't have been done without their help their knowledge when I called them and asked for their expertise and their advice they came out with guns a blazing and really did give us a lot of direction and then obviously they helped with the open house and with framing up the SWAT analysis that we did to present to the public during that open house so. So thank you for letting me take this project on it was fun. Thank you Mr. Pat for drawing in for batteries to be here. Happy to be here. It's a present that's thank you so much. Well Kaley why don't you come up and accept the presentation and maybe I'll ask Catherine if you wouldn't mind why don't you come here and the council can be here I think we can just stay put behind these two. Mark still here? Mark why don't you come up on this side. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. And please a round of applause for the group that we assembled. For Ellie D and for Leda for helping us get this done so forever grateful thank you sir thank you for making the trip over. All right again item 6.6 councilwoman champagne asked to hold the discussion on proposing divisions for the city of Young'sville changing divisions into minutes of whole districts. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Last month I asked if we could possibly put this on the agenda just to start discussion I do want to thank Wade because he didn't Nicole they did some initial research since that last meeting. We even if we were to adopt districts instead of divisions it cannot be done a year prior to an election. We would not have time to be able to because we needed to log refer to draw lines and it will require quite a bit of a I would I would think and I would hope that we would do a lot of public input to be able to go out to the public have a whole public hearings. But I think it's a worthwhile effort with the growth that we are experiencing that we at least look into it and research it so that is my request tonight that we that I'm I'll make a motion that we request the research I do not mind spearhead it. I think this getting people to speak getting research and the issues Wade has committed also in Nicole so just to look at it before we can do anything we can do it the ordinance. But to adopt an ordinance you do have to have all of these things in place like the demographic in the districts lined out so and that will take a lot of research in the you know in meetings so I don't mind researching that. And of course with the your input the council's input and of course all of our stakeholders throughout the city so that is what I would like to do first to start researching the project and I expect to possibly going into districts instead of divisions. What would be a benefit if we choose to do that and I heard you correct that you're asking you're asking for formal motion I guess you're proposing a resolution for the council. We're doing okay begin the research. All right yes ma'am Mr. Nylon I'm seconding that all right that's open for any other council discussion if there's any at this time. Mr. Romero I'm just curious I mean because I don't know where I stand on this anymore what would the cost be incurred with this research and everything to build up to this. Of course I'm free so the research that I would do would not would not cost us anything of course we would have way that we would have to pay I don't see it costing a great deal of money I don't have a cost for you I don't see it actually costing a whole lot of money to do the research I do believe that if we come back and we say okay we want to do this that's when we would need an amendment probably to our budget because we would have to hire a demographer. To draw those lines which would be a cost to us but the issue research I don't see where that cost would be very much because I'm offering the spearhead it to do that research and of course with the input from all of y'all. Mr. Bulls John yeah I might as well the same question I think is the last time we're in the old chambers and this is discussed what what isn't working today that is making you want to go to that. Because I haven't got an answer for anybody even when they propose it the last time this happened and no one can give you an answer so I don't know if you found anything that's not working today that's why you're willing. I'm not saying it's not working and look I truly believe wholeheartedly that this council and this mayor we have the best interest of our entire city at heart I do believe that we all we all focus on that I do by listening to constituents in our area that is not working. That oh I have the reason why we don't have districts why you know the best the famous question I always got even when I started working here was who can I call who's my consul and I would say respond well the entire council runs at large so everyone represents you so I do hear over the last couple years especially because we are growing. Some people and I'm not saying everyone some people feel and that's what this research will determine when you go out in the public and you start talking to people and letting them voice opinions you will hear probably a little bit of both. I do believe that there will be sections of this city I've heard that says but we like it the old way because we just like being able to have a whole council I get that I do I do get that. But then I get another the other side that says we would really like to have someone that represented just the district now I tell you how I feel being in the legislature I tell people all the time when you represent even if you represent a district there are times just like us on this council that we have to take was in the best interest of every citizen in this city just like on the state level you represent a district but there are votes. But there are votes that you make that affects the entire city so I think a district yes you'll have someone as we grow because the city is getting larger I mean we all admit that we like the growth that we have we at 16 18,000 people now we project in 30,000 people in no time I'm going to call it so I do believe we would have our representation the stakeholders our residents who are stakeholders. I think all stakeholders would have a person in their district that they could know they could go to the post vote for them however I still believe that as a whole the consultate considers the city as a whole I do know some people talk about the old police jury system you know and if you have a district you have a district representative they just going to represent your interest well that system is is really antiquated. And what happens with with those systems if and what I remind people is in the old police jury system years ago they actually had their own budget each district had their own budget nothing's going to change government wise when it comes to budgeting or laws we all going to have to vote on them so that will not change I think all you will have if we would choose to do that if this research shows that it is something this council and the citizens of the city. This city wants to move forward on that you will see that each district as we grow will have that representative. So that's my input it could mean a great deal to some individuals some individuals really won't mind. I don't mind running I've heard council people on the council now say it's getting hard to run city wide because it's so large it's getting large I don't mind running city wide you know I like getting out meeting everyone that we represent in this city. Well then we probably should stay exactly where we're at then what do you think. Let me tell you let me tell you what's the cause you know this is the second or third time you brought this up my issue I have with it is I've seen this exact thing happen in the communities and that's where you have sections of town that fall off because you get a bad representative who doesn't voice their opinions enough and then the community falls off and I think that with our collective efforts you know amazing mayor the administration staff here that I don't think one part of our city has ever fallen off the wagon we've been pretty collective and pretty well at giving and doing things all over the community to what the community grows as a whole. To me switching into divisions really honestly honestly to me it benefits the person running because at that point I've been ugly the section of town let's just say that the East quadrant of town or whatever only one person wants to run and that person doesn't even meet the qualifications to meet even be in that position and just wins about the fault with the next section of town is going to get fought for but there might be a lot of people in there that want to get fought for that is don't want to be in politics and that's okay but to me I thoroughly enjoy be able to speak with every resident in the community and voice their concerns. I don't need I get why you want to investigate it to me I haven't I mean I'm a second term I don't think I've met more than two people who have ever said that they wanted it to be separated ever and it isn't said that I've spoken to every individual in this town because I'm impossible but I mean I just don't to me that seems like it's going backwards I think if there were several flaws and several problems in the community where it's presenting hey we need to change this it's not working I agree but our population hasn't even reached anywhere near where that could be a problem yeah if anything you would grow the council before you go to the city of the city of the city. That was that was to my point of what I said that I do believe no matter whether you represent a district or not you still represent this entire city and have to answer to the entire city I don't see now look we don't know what's going to happen in the future we don't know is we hear we know that this this console and this mayor represents the entire city so but we don't we're not going to be here forever so I think that it it does need to be explored I mean that's the end. That's my input I think it needs to be explored and that's why I'm bringing it forward now is that your pleasure because I am making a motion that we move forward with the research. It doesn't mean we don't have to do it you're not you're not committed to doing that tonight yeah yeah there's a lot that work that will go into that first and public input from our citizens. I'm sorry. No comment at this time. I have a comment. Yeah but we can know. Yeah it's an official motion. Did you second? I didn't hear you. Councilman. Councilman. Okay I just want to I guess point I just want to clarify I mean this is a discussion item so we are allowing there to be a motion in a vote. How does that work? We just ran the discussion. Well since we've had a motion in a second open it for public comment. Councilman. Councilman. Yes or no please. I thought we didn't have a second that's why we did. Yeah we did. Okay I'm yes sir. We did have a second. Just to clarify I'd say it was between six and eight years ago. I actually brought this up at the old council. Seven years ago then I guess. I think it was your first year second. And at the time the soul thought was we did not have a lot of people running for council. They never a lot of interest in people running for council. And it is difficult to run but at the same time when you do run you meet a ton of people. You get to meet the community allies, adversaries all of that. And I feel that's a great thing. I brought it up back then was let's encourage more people to maybe get involved and run. Year later so. Councilman Stansberry the mayor Angie. Started the idea of leadership youngsville. We have that we have allies we have more adversaries we have educated people we have people who probably want to run. Again I'll go back to I'm on the fence on whether it should or not my take actually would be. We're about 18,000 people maybe 20 20. We've been a five member council since they were alderman. There might be time to expand this to seven. To have more representation. I know Nicole doesn't like that. But when you look at other municipalities there are larger councils. So I was just clarifying why it was brought up back then. It was to get more people involved get more people to want to run. But at the same time I think we have solved that with the leadership class and other community organizations and stuff that we have. Is there any public comment anyone wishing to address the council relative to the topic yes or just a c-mall. Good evening sir. I'm a c-mall. Learning now you know two people that are in favor of districts. Me and I don't see more. So if you I think it's very well worth the research effort that Simone is proposing because you're going to get a lot of feedback from a lot of different communities. And God forbid there's a campaign from Sugar Mill Pond that gets five a y'all from Sugar Mill Pond on this council to run the city. I feel to mention that there is a possibility now you can get five. Representions from one neighborhood in this city if they can get the votes. It's going to happen. You can't predict the future to your point. You don't know what the future holds. It's worth the effort to research and get some answers from the public. And two of us will be at that council meeting or that public hearing. The voice of support of districts. Thank you. Thank you Mr. C-mall. There was some money else I thought I saw that had raised our hand maybe not. We can't do it. The lecture come out. That's correct. The question from the floors. It could be for this now that we've been we've been advised by legal that it can't be for the twenty twenty six. It would be the twenty thirty election. It's very much. Yeah. Yes sir. I just want to clarify that way if you don't mind because the the verbiage on red was. It has to be over longer than a year from the election. That's why you couldn't do it this up. We're well over a year from next November. So if this was researched on for La Sema. It brought to us next month or less than a month. It was brought to us and was approved to submit as an ordinance and then approved in the October meeting. Technically you would take effect. It could. If you're you're talking about the new bill. Yeah. Any year. Yes. Chronological over a year. You're correct. Yeah. Chronological. I think it's because. Qualifying date or election date in a way I like your okay. So I thought. And I do want to just comment on that. I don't think we have enough time. Because of the fact that we have to be introduced by ordinance. We would have to have the districts drawn to include it in that ordinance. And it takes two meetings to pay us an ordinance. So November's right around the corner. That's why I said this cannot be done before the next election. So that's why I'm looking at the research so we can we can have public input and go out in the community. All right. Any additional public comment. Okay. There's a motion. So. This is. This far is. Yes. How do we. How do we vote on a discussion on this curious? We've never done that in seven years. How does that work? I don't know. Notice only agenda. And discussion. And so you can do it by motion and do it by resolution. Are we. discussion on. Yes. It's already a public. That's a first in seven years. So does that mean we need to move it to resolution item 7.5? Right. That's my point. Are we correct? Are you creating a resolution? We have to expand. Yeah. We're going to have to do it by resolution. Well, yeah. I've said we've never voted on a discussion item. So if you're going to create a resolution and create one, but I mean. I'm. Can I ask the question like what's the rush? Yeah. We're talking about something for 2030. That I mean, where's like should we do it by? I mean, I'm all about it. Look, I'm running for the same thing, you know, no matter what. And I'm going to do my job no matter what. Right. But I guess my question is, I mean, I generally I would like to see like a resolution that's written that outline steps about what's happening and what to expect. So that way I can sign off a minutes that accurately reflect. There. If you would like, if the council would prefer, we can add it to next month's agenda as a resolution. And we can do that tonight. Could just be discussion no vote. Does it even have to be only a gender? Can we not just do the research and bring it up? Yeah. I mean, let's just start the research and do it. And then, then once we have the research, present it. I agree. Yeah, I don't think I need to tell you that you can do what you want for free when you get home from here. I don't. Sounds silly, but I don't think that I need to do that. I think they'll, I think the only income is in the play is a wage services and stuff. I think she would need to get approval for that. So maybe, maybe the point to Simone's point is maybe do. And next point, obviously, is to do all the work that you can prior to the next meeting. Well, that's not going to happen, but not for the next meeting. But I will call LMA. That was one of my, I'm going to get with LMA. I will ask them to come to the next meeting possibly and talk about districts and divisions and, and process. Yeah. But to have all of the research done in one month, I can tell you I'm not going to be able to do that. I was just saying, no, the free, whatever you could be. Councilman, I welcome that. I think that that, you know, I think that that's, I think it's a, it's a, it's a hot topic from, I mean, if you're welcome to bring, I'd like to hear it. I probably, I'm sure I'll contribute to it as well. Sure. And yeah, we can get a mind. Yes, ma'am. I'll ask Nicole to put it on the, but generally next month is a resolution with a little more research, not a full-blown research. More information. More information. Correct. Okay, so just so we're clear, I mean, is there withdrawn, motion? You're, Mr. Bull. Yes. The Shampon, you're withdrawing your motion. Yes, I'm withdrawing it. Thank you. We didn't start the vote yet. So. Second, you're good with withdrawing your second. Yeah, yes, okay. All right. Thank you, Ms. Shampon. I think that's a. Thank you, Council. All right. 7.1 resolution 2025 17. A resolution authorizing a direct mayor to execute for and on behalf of the city of Youngville. Of the parish of Lafayette Louisiana and active substantial completion from Grint Glen Lage, a construction LLC contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for Chorchin Road, pavement preservation project, state project, H01, EAT68. All motion approved. Screen's on. All right. Thank you. Council member Romero. All right. I have a motion by Council member Romero and a second by Councilmember Nylon. Any council discussion? Is there any public comment or question? Okay, there's no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on a genitim 7.1. Ms. Paryas. Yes. Ms. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Nylon. Yes. Ms. Shampon. Yes. Motion approved. 7.2 resolution 2025 18. A resolution authorizing the mayor to negotiate and execute an addendum for a cooperative endeavor agreement with Lafayette Charter Foundation and cooperated for school resource officers for 2025, 2026. All right. Motion by Council member Romero. Councilmember Shampon. Second, ma'am. Thank you. Any council comment or discussion? No. We've requested an increase for the annual contribution. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. So we're. We're going to raise the pay raise. We're going to raise the pay raise. Yeah. We're going to raise the pay raise. We're going to raise the pay raise. We're going to raise the pay raise. Yes. And she will call the Mayor for the first and the rate for the school resource officers that perform their duty at the charter school. All right. Was there any other council comment? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment. This is Gidri. Please call the vote. Mr. Bulljiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Miss Shampon. Yes. Miss Barest. Yes. and a compliance questionnaire for audit engagement for the City of Youngsoil for fiscal year, ending June 30th, 2025. Motion by Councilman Champagne and a second by Councilman Barraz. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment? No public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Mr. Champagne? Yes. Mr. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Motion approved. On the 25th, 20th resolution authorised and directed the mayor to execute four. And on behalf of the City of Youngsoil, the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, and active substantial completion from Galen Lajay Construction LLC, pertaining to the completion of a contract for the 2024 roadway improvement program, and further amending the 2025-2026 capital, projects fund budget. It's a motion by Councilmember Romero and a second by Councilman Champagne. Any council discussion? Any public comment? I'm going to move on. Yes, ma'am. For the bid or for the. For the one's left. Yeah, let's see. Pam, this is a, the question is, I think, relative to the punchings. Yeah, it's some striving that we need to then. I'm sorry. Is there a time limit that they have to get this done? 45 days. OK. Any other comment? All right, here in no comment. Miss Skidry, please call the vote. Mr. Neillin? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. Miss Farad? Yes. Volgiana? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. Ordinances for public hearing and final adoption. Ordinance 8.1. I'm excusing. Agenda item 8.1 is ordinance number 498, 2025, in ordinance of the City of Youngsoil, Louisiana. Amending the Code of Ordinances chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments. Miss Champagne? Motion 2 withdrawal from the agenda. All right. If a motion to withdraw from Miss Champagne 2nd by Mr. Romero, is there any council comment, any public comment? Miss Skidry, please call the vote on the motion to withdraw. Miss Champagne? Yes. Miss Farad? Yes. Mr. Volgiana? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Neillin? Yes. Motion approved. Agenda item 8.2 is ordinance 503 2025, in ordinance of the City of Youngsoil, Louisiana. Amending chapter 20 taxation, article 3 sales and use tax. Motion to withdraw? All right. Motion by Mr. Romero to withdraw in a second to withdraw by councilmember Neillin, any council comment, any public comment? Any public comment, Miss Skidry, please call the vote. Miss Farad? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Neillin? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. Motion approved. Agenda item 9.1 is ordinance 498 2025, in ordinance of the City of Youngsoil, Louisiana. Amending the code of ordinances. Chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development. So I'm in design standards for traditional neighborhood developments. Councilman Champagne? Motion to approve. OK. There's a motion on the floor to introduce the ordinance 498 2025 is their second. Second by councilmember Volgiano, any council comment? Miss Champagne? Yes, Mayor. Thank you. First off, I'd like to thank Nicole and Pam, because what happened was when we brought this ordinance forward, probably a month or so ago or two months ago, now, when we started checking into it, we realized that a lot of our ordinances and Nicole correct me from incorrect. Relied a lot on the UDC and development codes with Lafayette. Yeah, Lafayette Paris subdivision regulation was basically no longer exist. And we would refer back to that. So since theirs had changed so much, LCG did send everything to Nicole, and she started looking into it. So that's why you have a very long amended ordinance, because it took into consideration all of those things that had changed. This was an old ordinance in 2005. We introduced in it tonight. It'll be up for a vote in next month, a formal vote next month. So I will do one. Everyone to look at it if you have any questions. Please ask me about it. I don't mind answering those questions. If I don't have that answer, I can get it for you. So tonight, this ordinance basically has taken in some of the things that we put in the first ordinance, but it's more comprehensive on the entire scope of LCG subdivision ordinances also. Council member Dio. So this ordinance obviously impacts sugarmob pond. How many meetings have been had with the HOA board and the developers in constructing this ordinance to make sure that all three parties are involved? Because for me personally, I'm not going to be impacted by any of this, because it's not my neighborhood. And so I just want to make sure that the people that this is going to impact and the developers that are continuing the development and the citizens that live there have, I'm assuming you'll have an HOA board, have all been involved in this process. Because like you said, it's a lot. This is a ton of information in here, and it's making a decision on basically what the citizens that live within this neighborhood are going to have to follow. We're going to have to make that decision for them. So great question. I see Jordan here tonight. We did have one meeting with Jordan and Rodney Savo, and Mr. Gidry, Mr. Mike Gidry, as well as the on the phone was the developers for Rosewalk at that meeting, Young Industries. I've had many meetings with advisory, what we call advisory board, because we do know that the development in all subdivisions in the city of Youngsville is still run by the developer as the HOA. So our board is an advisory board only. So I have met with them numerous times on this ordinance, and that has taken into consideration a lot of the input from our residents, and input that the residents had given, on things that we thought probably needed to be tweaked and changed. I do want people to know that I love living in a traditional neighborhood development. I've always been a proponent of Sugar Mill Pond. I think it offers us a way of living that not everyone gets to experience, but not is it meant for everyone either in that type of atmosphere. Not everyone's meant to live in a traditional neighborhood development. We have very strong covenants. What has happened is in research, we have found that our covenants, our HOA covenants, don't affect some of the multi-family residential that's existing in the city now. However, when the traditional neighborhood was developed, and permitting was taking place, there is a perimeter on what is inside that traditional neighborhood. You have boundaries, just like every other subdivision. And those boundaries in a traditional neighborhood development, your houses are closer. You can have smaller lots, but it was done on a point system. I would explain, I would call it a point system, certain points for green space and those things. So the points were given with an existing footprint of everyone in that footprint being a port of the traditional neighborhood and having to abide by covenants. Well, that has not happened. We have found out since then that not everyone in the subdivision has to abide by those covenants. So a lot of this was driven by a commercial area, parking, street widths. So that has been all addressed in here. Those, there are some engineering factors in here that have been changed, along with the HOA guidelines and the covenants and making sure that everyone adheres to those covenants in that neighborhood. So Jordan's here tonight, I'm sure he wants to speak. So he's here, and we did meet with the developers. I met with them once. I've met with the HOA board, the people that actually here that live in the neighborhood more quite often. And I see Mr. Landry's here. He's on the board. I don't know if any of the other members of the board are here. So we can hear from them. Mr. Nile and you, you're good. OK. Any other council discussion? So I guess I'll just make a general comment. And I'd love to hear from members of the audience. I think any type of development that we offer in our community or any ordinance, any development, 20 years in, we probably owe ourselves the opportunity to review what's working. If we had the opportunity to do it again, what have we learned, what we'd like to see differently? We're losing some institutional knowledge. The patriarchs of the young family, we had a untimely death recently of one of our developers that was very instrumental in bringing this ordinance and sugarmopon to our community, fortunately. And turnover here. You lose institutional knowledge of, I think we owe it to ourselves to document what's working right and what needs to be modified. Some of our best ordinances, arguably, but pick any of them. The sign ordinance has been tweaked a couple of times. Our land use ordinance, which I'm particularly proud of, went years with only being modified once. And that was really to exclude sugarmopon because that was just our clerical error and not removing them from it because they have their own set of governance. This particular draft is really forward looking largely because we don't have opportunity to change a lot in communities that are already established. I think we're going to be challenged to do that. And we'll have to look at probably, probably line by line, which can be retroactive, what can I. The lens I'm going to look at it through is for future. We recently had a 700 acre development that we don't really know is it going to be presented as a TND or is it not going to be presented as a TND? So I do think we owe ourselves that opportunity to look at it because I think all of us can say, hey, this is something that maybe didn't work the best. And I think that the developer and us in the residence would agree there's a couple of streets where we didn't put carve out parking on either side. And I don't think that we would allow that again today, whether or not that was just an oversight at the time or whether or not that was presented intentionally, I don't know, but I think that we all have a more keen eye to look for those type of details. The other one that I think that we would probably look at is there's been with anything, some learning curves, some trial and error. I think that the way that Waterview apartments was initially brought into the fold. We've hezzy ball to where Sugarmopan apartments are a little, are governed differently, at least in terms of placement of parking and the number of parking spots. I think that it's probably fair to say that one works better than the other for the residence involved. So I welcome the discussion. I want to look into it and be part of it. This is while it only encompasses today Sugarmopan and Rosewalk, that's more than probably pushing 600 acres of our community with the opportunity to potentially impact another 700 acres. So I do think the discussion has to, I look forward to having more dialogue with our largest landowner that still has parcels to bring that was going to be subject to this. I think some things, I think some things we're going to have to look at and ask ourselves is it maybe HOA covenants that should be modified for changing conditions in the neighborhood or is it something that has to blanketly be done by ordinance? I guess my biggest concern, or not concern, let me say, I think our biggest challenge or opportunity when we approach this or any ordinances really to ask ourselves what problem are we trying to solve. And I think that if we look at it through the lens of what's worked right, where do we still have opportunity to correct? I think that we can all at the table have some tangible things that we would offer that would suggest, if given the opportunity to do it again, this is how I would do it. I don't think anybody's going to probably dispute that, you know, how much, how many schools do we want in a T&D, you know, those type of things that probably didn't get envisioned at its initial inception. So what I want to do though is make sure that we're not overcorrecting in any areas because I do think we can find that sweet spot. You know, as an example of parking, I know there's some concern on like Prescott and for the businesses there. And I want to see every business in our community thrive. I want to see, I want to see adequate parking, but I also don't want to lose sight of the purpose of a T&D is to encourage close dense development, walkability, and I notice that there's no change in the purpose of the ordinance, or which I'm happy about because the purpose of a T&D, I think if we're still approaching it with that lens, then I think it limits us to making modifications that are really the result of our experience and our best practices, you know, moving forward. I would offer today one thing that I would do differently is probably have a better organization of different phases, you know, Sugarmobahn today is, I think the one in the hopper right now is phase 29. You know, so how do they really layer in? And some of that may just be better organization on our end, some of it may need to be enacted by ordinance. So I welcome it. I thank you for bringing it forward. I think that there's a, I want to make sure that the stakeholders have a seat at the table. And I would just ask when we have that discussion, we approach it with what problem are we trying to solve? And if we look at it through that lens, I think that we have the potential to have a good product, you know, in the end. So Ms. Champlain. Oh, no, I'm motion. Oh, okay. Any public comment relative to the introduction? Mr. Landry. Keith Landry. And, you know, sometimes a little stone gets turned over and it becomes an opportunity. And I think this is a prime example of it. Like you said, this original ordinance was in 2005. Beautiful development, Robert Dagle, terrific. People person understood, you know, really understood what the concept was. What's kind of led us to this point is, you know, and I'm on the advisory board. I have a problem telling somebody that bought 500, 600,000 dollar home that you can't park your motor home in front of your house for 24 hours. But you got apartment complexes and a subdivision that's been granted exemption from this. So here's a renter living in the subdivision, which I mean, we want them to experience the same thing with experience. But the bottom line is, you know, how do you, how do you tell your resident that spent this money in Youngsville, you can't do this, but here's somebody written an apartment that can do it. So what we need to look at is everybody needs to be treated equally. We all need to be under the same covenants, under the same ordinance. Okay. And I've mentioned this to Jordan, you know, is there's very many phases that have been introduced. What really needs to happen before the developer has relinquished the Clare control is all the covenants and the declarations and the bylaws need to be cleaned up. Okay. It ought to be very simple, very clean. This is what the subdivision, this is the rules, this is regulations. Now, on the second thing after it was presented, now you'll find out that well, the parish has all these restrictions that need to be followed when subdivisions are developed. It makes perfect says to me that it ought to ought to, ought to all be in that ordinance. It ought to be simple for Jordan. It ought to be simple for the Bayley's. Here's the ordinance. Now, this is what you need to do to build this subdivision. I mean, the concept is, it's fantastic. Yeah. I love being in my golf court and being able to get everything that I need right there. Okay. And hey, being on the board, I'm there to, for people to voice their opinion to me, if they've got a problem, bring it to me. You know, I'll bring it to Jordan and them. I'll get an answer one way or another. You know, you may be happy with it. You may not, but, but that's what I'm there for. Okay. And, you know, I like people to bring questions up in concerns and if they're having problems. So I really, I like the changes. Okay. Yeah. There's some eyes and teas and, and you all need to look at all that. But I really think that this is something that can be a positive and not a negative. So, yeah, that's all I got to say. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Landry. Do any other public comment? Mr. Dagle. Council. I guess first, we're the only T&D in Young Zill. So this really doesn't impact anybody other than us right now. Outside of Prescott and the Bailey's for Bailey Grove. But if you look at their revision, that's probably 50 to 60 things that are revised. Much more than just eyes and tees it. It's fundamental hallmarks of T&Ds that are getting changed, whether it's parking requirements, whether it's densities, requiring certain percentage of mixed use and commercial, whatever it is, there's, there's things being changed in this ordinance that are at the forefront of a T&D and some of the revisions in the ordinance now, if they were passed as is, are even more strict and just regular neighborhoods. So for instance, the multi-family density requirement proposed in the revision is greater than the multi-family density outside. So for the Bailey's, why would they go zone and be a T&D when I can get more density outside of a T&D, which is just totally counterintuitive to what a T&D is, which is small lot lines, higher density, walkability. Open space, same thing. There's some, some drainage aspects that are fundamentally different. I guess there's 40 or 50 things that are different. I have a heartburn about 10 of them. They all stem from parking requirements, different things that there's a method to the madness when my dad first did this and he went to celebration, watercolors, seaside, the carolines, I mean there's things and reasons why things were done the way they were and some of those things are being proposed to be changed. So I'm here to answer any questions. I'd be happy to meet with anybody between now and the next meeting to maybe provide some feedback and some context, but here to answer any questions. Mr. Mayor. Jordan, thanks for being here. You answered one of my questions about where your father and the group, you know, got the inspiration and my second answer or second question for an answer is, I've seen seaside, but can you elaborate on how those other T&Ds are being handled now? How are they thriving? Is there any issues? Yeah, I would say seaside is probably the most successful T&D that we have in the U.S. One of the changes deals with on-tree parking and not counting on-tree parking towards parking requirements. I mean if you go to River Ranch, you go to seaside, celebration, and business, on-tree parking, especially around the town center is everything. If you don't have on-tree parking, you don't have businesses. You utilize on-tree parking in lieu of multiple parking lots at our ice stores. People would rather look at multi-store buildings, parking hidden in the rear, on-tree parking. And what that does is you eliminate the negative aesthetics on the streetscape and you add on-tree parking in front of the businesses that you're able to add more businesses. Is the parking perfect? No, it's not perfect. Is the streets narrow? Yes, by design. That's a whole other issue that I can get into. A scientific method on a certain right away with that people slow down just because they don't feel safe driving out of certain speed. A lot of planning and forth thought was put into the way Sugarmel Pond was designed. I'm not saying I disagree with everything in the revision. I agree with the mayor that there are some things that need to be updated that are 20 years old absolutely. But I do think some of the proposed changes are drastic and will definitely alter the integrity of the neighborhood. And it is a lot. I mean, obviously we've been discussing this for a while. I know you have. And you are making yourself available, I guess, if we decide. I mean, obviously, my first thing is to dig into these semi-final revision. But I would love to sit with you. Sit with stakeholders. Like, talk to Smone a little bit more about it because I guess, you know, I go back to when I bought my first home in Youngsville 14 years ago. So, you know, I looked at it and said, I'll be able to park in my garage. I'll be able to put both cars in there. Nobody does that, right? I have street parking. When I looked at Sugarmel Pond, I drove through there and I knew like, okay, we're not going to park. I didn't know about T&Ds at the time. I mean, until, you know, running for office for first time. And I do agree there's a place for it. It's a phenomenon like Mr. Lange, it's a phenomenal neighborhood. I hope we get another one because I think there's a need for it. I think some of it is probably education from the realtors, not maybe educating their buyers. But I do think there are some things in here like you said. And like, you know, Mr. Moon said that, you know, probably definitely be tweaked. Sure. Absolutely. I mean, obviously, yeah, Pam is gone Jay and Nicole discovered a lot of, you know, outdated things that need to be added. So, yeah, I'm going to copy of that. I hope you are willing to meet with us as well as another people from Sugarmel Pond probably will too. Yeah. And if I could just add the topic of us excluding people from the HWA, I know it's more of an HWA issue. Not a city council issue, but the only exclusions to date are the water view apartments. Sugarmel villas and Rouses. And that's simply for the fact that it's not a perfect system in order to get certain uses that you like, you have to be willing to give up something. There are certain areas in river answered are not included in the HWA because the use wouldn't have agreed to come and they're a part of the association. So Rouses wouldn't have picked to come to Sugarmel if they had to pay HWA dues or a part of the same. We held Rouses 50,000 square foot grocery store to the same design standards as a residential house. It just wouldn't be feasible for them to come. Same thing on apartment complexes and multi-family. So we have four or five apartment complexes in river ranch, not a part of the association. It's really not a problem. Fresh markets not part of the association in river ranch. It's not like we're handpicking and choosing and playing favorites. It's literally sacrifice to be made to bring the best uses we can to neighborhood. Yeah, I'm just curious about he mentioned it and obviously to me to a neighborhood issue. He brought up about motor home. I think that in the apartment complex. Yeah, the waterview. The waterview. The waterview. Something parked like all over the left. Yeah, I think on on broil there's a resident of the waterview apartments that was parking along broiles on the Entry Parking. That owns it. Simone brought it up and she was on the board at Sugarmel. Obviously we as a neighborhood in the developer, I don't want an 18-wheeler park there. But I thought Simone that it was a public street. I didn't have the authority to to pose a body from a public street that they would need to get the mayor or the police involved to do that. That's not the neighborhood allowing the 18-wheeler to stay there. We told him multiple times Lucas and our office had plenty of conversations with them. Gina or our maintenance guy but it's a public road. We just didn't have the authority to tow. We had the same issue in mind if you could just say you know in the prior chief had them park on delta. Yeah, yeah, to solve the issue. We can't join the joint. Correct. I brought it up when I was on the board and we would like, we were killing ourselves however. Prior to Jordan being his involved disease now, mainly because his day had passed away with that had all the knowledge of what should have been done. We had Teddy. And Teddy always told us, I moved in that subdivision in 2014, that every place in this traditional neighborhood has to abide by our covenants. And whenever we'd have a problem on the board, I see Chase here tonight. He was on the board with us. And you know, even to the extent of if they put a lawn chair on their balcony, which are things that we can't leave in our lawns. Okay, because our covenants are very strict. And Teddy would take care of that. He would go to the apartments, he'd knock on the door and he'd say you have to move it. You can't do that. You are part of a traditional neighborhood development. And I can expand that question because when the neighborhood was developed, it was all the same footprint. In other words, those apartments that end the Chugamil Pond footprint, there is a footprint in borders just like a regular subdivision. But what we found out is they were relieved of the covenants. Therefore, the people that had the 18 wheelers and I found out, well, just last week is a matter of fact, we have another business. The commercial, if you would go in every commercial business, on in Chugamil Pond that we want to thrive. I mean, we want our commercial businesses to thrive. They will say they are losing customers and clients every day because they cannot park in the front. They have no designated parking in the front of their commercial businesses because the apartments are taking all of those spaces. When they have a developed parking lot in the back of there, that has to come with part of the development that they get. They have to designate so many spots. So, yes, this does change some of your commercial parking because it would be designated for those commercial spots. I can promise you I've visited every business in Chugamil Pond. Because the original ordinances, and I think it stayed that way, one spot, every 500 feet was the original ordinance at state. That is the same, but every commercial spot. However, it's not being given to the commercial businesses. And I went in every business, I actually measured every business. We only have one in there that may be 500 square feet. It might be the boroughs shop, it might be the only one. All the rest are almost over 1000 commercial. Tap rooms really larger. So, their designated ordinance of previous ordinance, one spot. But the apartments, ward of your apartments, are taking those spots. They're the people living in the apartments. It did not change the ordinance that said, if they have a front facing door facing the road, press back. Because you have some that are commercial, and then you have some apartments that actually face the road. They are still allowed to park on that street in those in those spots. Along press got. It only affects commercial. Last week, I was talking to one of the businesses, and I was told, and I did not see this, but I believe it, that the apartments actually had someone that repossessed vehicles. And they would store the vehicles on the street in front of the commercial parking spots until someone came and picked up the course. They were all tagged, and it was someone operating out of the apartments, operating their business, and using the streets and sugarmobond, putting the cars in front of our commercial businesses. So, I did not ask the commercial businesses to come tonight. I can get them to come to the next meeting when it's time for y'all to vote on it. But clearly, if you go in every business, so I would hope that you wouldn't only just speak, I get Jordan. I don't think this is affecting a traditional neighborhood development. I don't think, and when he talked about seaside and all, I'm racquet mubbering, I've been there only twice. And it is on the main artery, right? Seasides on the main artery of the road. We have many arteries that come through sugarmobond, which causes some problems with traffic. A lot of congestion with traffic is, I don't think anyone ever dreamed that we would have a wonderful school or because of wonderful school with 4,000 students coming through the neighborhood. And I don't think seaside has a school inside their footprint. I'm not sure. They might have a school, but maybe not through the interior. Do you know? Seaside? I don't think it has a school. I'm not sure how that relates to parking on fresh cars. Schools, yeah, with 4,000 kids. So I don't think those have that as a traditional neighborhood that was designed. Now, the traditional neighborhood was designed based on those, which I think is, offers you a very good quality of life. I really like it. However, it has posed some problems in the neighborhood. Also, when we mention river ranch, I drove through the other day because I wanted to remember driving through in river ranch, which I think is a beautiful community. When you talk about the market and all of that, if you look at river ranch, their commercial is mostly confined. They do have their city center and they have apartments on one side of the city center and some town homes. But you don't see the actual, a lot of the single family residential in those areas. It's pushed back more instead of like it was developed in Sugar Mill Pond. So I think all of those over the years and the growth, which we all like growth, and we want to see our city grow and be maintained properly. I think the bottom line here is, I think, is a simple solution. I really do. I believe that no one should be relieved of covenants when your permitting was based on everyone being in that footprint. I agree with Mr. Landry. Everyone should be treated equally. So it has become a large problem. Some of the other things with drainage and things like that are already in our current ordinances. So this, this ordinance just kind of mimics all of those and puts it all in with a traditional neighborhood development because we do know that a traditional neighborhood development does get extra points to be able to do those close knit homes and less sed backs. You know, we don't have the sed backs that a traditional neighborhood would have. Well, say traditional, a regular subdivision would have. So the streets, I get the walkability. I love it. I love to see kids riding their bikes on the street. I tell people it reminds me of the way I grew up as a young girl. And that's why I love the neighborhood under them. But I think we do have some problems that could be resolved. One of them is everyone needs to be treated equally. And the apartments or the townhome should not be relieved of any of our covenants. So the townhomes are part of the HUA. Yes, they are. The townhomes are part of our. Over 600 single-family residential homes. Every one of those homes is part of the HUA. There's three uses in the neighborhood that are not the two apartment complexes and rouses. I could go back and do it again. I would exclude rouses seven days a week. I think the city would agree with that with the sales tax that it brings in. So I think if you're just going to put a blanket statement in the revision that just says, you can't exclude anybody. One, I think that's an HUA issue, not a city issue. But two, I think you're going to get yourself in trouble down the road on Bailey Grove. Sure, we'll palm. We don't have room for that. But Bailey Grove is 700 acres. I think you're going to get in trouble and miss out on plenty of good uses that'll go elsewhere. That don't want to be part of HUA. And I respectfully disagree with you because I do believe that the apartment complexes should abide at least be cognizant of the fact that our homeowners and residential, single-family residential and townhomes pay $135 a month to live in there. But they have access to the amenities. The apartments don't have access. You and I talked about this in the meeting. I don't want to try and exempt anyone from using the public areas. They have public areas. We love to see people in our neighborhood. We host events all the time. Read to the public. But they are not using our amenities, not the pool. They can't get in our pool because it's so small. The gym they are not allowed to use the gym because they do have their own gym. I'm talking about the public areas that are accessible. And we do have more problems in the way of, I mean, I live there. I'm like, I tell people, I look out my window every day and I can see what's going on. They will host events. The apartments will host events. They will have people married on the grounds, which I think is a beautiful place if you want to have a wedding. But that's not something that we allow our residents to do without getting permission. Correct? Prior. That's correct. To use in those public spaces that they are already submitting $135 a month for. That's correct. My office is on press. Got across the street. I live the block away from there. I've never seen a wedding take place for the resident of Waterview ever. I live on Waterview with an empty light and I see the pond every day. And I see a street place. You know the residents of Waterview? How do you know they're a resident of Waterview? Because I go over and I ask, I've already stopped someone with a business that was taking photographs every Sunday and using that spot in a tent, a little clear tent. And I went and told her she had to get permission to use that property to not come back. So you see, I don't mind. And I don't mind telling people when they park in the front of someplace, ask them where they live, if they should be there, please be cognizant of our businesses. So I will tell you, I've been there and I've seen that. I have knowledge of it. Jordan, I mean, that's just, yeah. I just want to clear up some of the, but I just have one thing. And what we're looking at is a lot of this. And it'd be something I'd bring up with you with the two apartment complexes. Obviously, Rouse's, I mean, it's a cornerstone of Youngsville. I mean, let's just like, I mean, and if you could have made it bigger, why not? I mean, they're adding on for some businesses. Yeah, I mean, it's, yeah. What, uh, some of these apartment complexes, are you able to go in and have them restrict parking, like a signage, a sign saying? No, we talked about going to the apartment developer and having to put stickers on all the residents. So if they're parking on the commercial run, you would know that they're an apartment resident not supposed to be there, which you referred to with Teddy earlier. We have a good relationship with, with both owners of the apartment complexes. We see something we'll reach out to the property manager that lasts the residents to remove the lawn chair or whatever else is on the balcony. Is it a perfect system? No. But I mean, it, yeah, it is. And I get dies or like an 18-wheeler or a large commercial trailer. Or so is that something like you put a sign of like in some neighborhoods where, you know, no, you know, three axles or I don't, you know, so we went and that's actually, are you eight? I don't know. We went and actually talked to the driver. He parked in the internal parking lot for a day and then he went back on the street and we got the property management group involved with Waterview. They put a notice on his window. He moved for a week, came back. Um, but, uh, I, I'm really struggling to figure out why we're still talking about an 18-wheel. Our 18-wheelers not allowed on any residential street of Youngsville. Right. Wait, sorry, if you hope I'll be happy to recognize you, but that the key. Yeah, please. Keith actually called Young Industries because we're, I'm sorry, I didn't remember. We're talking about a public street. So what, so is it an ordinance that you should propose to say no 18-wheelers or on any residential street? I don't want it on my street. But if there's an 18-wheeler on my street, I would bring forth an ordinance to say I don't want an 18-wheeler on my street. Are there is? I think we have a notice. We have. Yes. We have a no three-axle. So I think we have a, I mean, so, but what happened in this case was the, um, the 18-wheelers decided, well, I'm just going to park on the property and jump the curb. So he was jumping a city curb that we have to get out and fix when it's broken and he was going on Young Industries property. That's why Mr. Landry stood up. Mr. Landry called Young Industries. Young Industries gave us permission to haul it off. So at that point, we did call the chief, I don't know if you end in that. But anyway, beside that, we did call and we had the truck towed so that they did tow the truck. We had a problem with another one that wasn't a three-axle, though, that was parking on the street on the car route. So, you know, our ordinance takes care of three-axle. The city couldn't do anything about the other one. It wasn't a three-axle, but it had a 30-foot flat dead. It was pulled by a different truck. So I think those things can be fixed if they're a part, if say those apartments, we have some other projects. We're not, we're not relieved of the HOA covenants. Our covenants, we take people and find them when they're doing that in the, in the subdivision, our residents. So that, we could probably adjust. And I think the 18-wheels we haven't seen anymore, but that's a part of it. Is there a little deeper than that? Is there a desire to eliminate apartment complexes from T&Ds in your perspective? I would think for the benefit of the residents, the single-family residential, I would say yes. Okay, so I don't have an opinion on that. What I'll share with you is that what's proposed the purpose of this ordinance is to encourage mixed-use compact development. From my research, I'm showing that apartments can range anywhere from 20 to 40 units per acre. So by saying 15, you're, you're, we're an essence saying you can't have them. So I just wanted to establish that. So that's, so we don't, so like tonight, it's this is where established we don't want, we're confirming we don't want the exterior storages and we don't want apartments in this draft ordinance in future T&Ds. I think that's one opinion because I think a lot of commercial businesses that surround these apartment complexes and that are thriving. That's what makes them know and all of these people that live in a T&D including the apartment and town. Right. And that's what I said. I think it's really a simple solution. If they would not be relieved of the HOA covenants. So, so I guess so I've never been in an HOA apartment on my years back in the I paid renters insurance but I never was part of an HOA. I think I think the I know one apartment complex is not owned or wasn't developed per say in that area by you guys but I think moving forward with those apartment complex maybe it's something that we add that they don't allow certain things at these apartment complexes that are put up or within a T&D. You know it sounds like there's a couple little tweaks with the apartments. I think we're all in that alone but I'm a soft dog. I just have one question. With the with what you brought up about the parking like if you have these businesses and they have designated parking spots and then you're making the the apartment residents they're going to have the park in their parking spot. So then whenever we have an event and you have more people that want to come then the apartment complex in my opinion would then have the right to state if you park in our parking lot we're going to tell you because this is for our residents only. I would like to address it from being able to enact that. I know I agree with you but the the the apartment complex already tells the commercial businesses in that complex that they can that are renting from the complex they cannot park inside their complex. The commercial business owners and I can I can verify that with the commercial businesses I've visited every one of them but the actual apartment complex does not allow their own commercial commercial businesses in that complex park inside the parking lot. So largely what we have here is a parking issue. It's I'm just trying to I'm trying to I want to be creative when I go home tonight and really try to solve how we can encourage people to be more neighborly. Yeah because I think that we the majority of this time has been spent on parking and water view apartments. Water view apartments has been there for a long time and we've already established that we would certainly do something different and our actions have demonstrated it because 1.25 parking spaces at water view is not what we have at Sugar Movelas but 3. I think is just inconsistent with I think I think to some extent part of this is over correcting with all due respect. To that point I mean the revision in the ordinance is calling for three parking spaces per every multifamily apartment or town home but in the other part of the ordinance you only need two spots for a single family residential house. So I can have a five bedroom house with eight nine people live in there and have two spots but if I have a 500 square foot studio apartment I'm required to build three spots correct it just doesn't make any sense. Yeah well. George I want to first of all I want to thank you for being here and for your families continuing investment in Youngsville I think without your dad's instrumental advice and knowledge I think that Youngsville honestly wouldn't have boomed the way they did had Sugar Movela not been developed so I'll say that to start with. Secondly the other reason I'm a second of the motion to introduce this is to have discussion about it I don't know if we're about 90% of it. I think that it does I get the whole eyes and tease and we need to update some things because of an old ordinance but you know I have an architect who designs in Jacksonville I have a family who lives in celebration I've been to see sawd a thousand times by doing exactly what is done in this ordinance there's no point in even building a T&D you soon just build something else. Totally agree. I get the parking issues but a lot of these issues that we're going to have sound like neighborly issues and things that are without your control things that we need to decide between H.O.A. covenants and then legalities and points with the police. I don't think they're destroying and botching an entire ordinance to run a development for today and the future is what we need to do. That's the that and I don't and to me that's not just my opinion I think that's just facts I think that's what a T&D was designed to do I think by doing this you pretty much just soon I call it a T&D ordinance. I appreciate that I couldn't agree more. Yeah I would love to sit down with you in the future there just to go over some things about the way you're that in a vision what the T&D design and what you're doing in vision for the future with you know obviously some tweaks and stuff but I think the majority we have here works for this intentions. I'm happy to meet any time. Appreciate it. Thank you. You're sitting on. Oh I already told okay let me shop on you right now. I don't want to exclude you. Oh okay. I just hope that everyone knows tonight including Jordan that this ordinance was redesigned with the best interests of the people that live in that neighborhood now and things that are not working without a commitment from the developer to correct some of the things that are in this ordinance. Problems will continue to exist and they will continue to manifest themselves. Now there's a there's a solution to that we can move but we shouldn't have to move out of the subdivision to correct just a few things that should be done well there's more than just a few things because there are a lot of engineering facts in here that need to be corrected in an ordinance. I love working with people but there has to be a commitment and a compromise that goes both ways. I couldn't agree more I mean to be fair you didn't even let me know that this has been introduced I found out from the Bailey family. Jordan I sat on the board. Y'all knew some of the concerns that we have had so don't come and say that you didn't know about any of these concerns. I was aware the water view concerns that we just went over and I do have to say water view has been sold right a couple times we still have some minority investors which is Mr. Rodney Savoah that has agreed to he would help work he's a minority investor but hasn't those apartments been sold a couple times maybe. I'm not aware it's not my complex. Yeah. So I guess we're getting no co-operation I guess is that what we're living with no cooperation. I think you said a few things but there's like 16 pages of things I mean it's not a few it's the whole ordinance is completely destroyed you rewrote the whole thing it's not a few things the whole thing is botched so that's not a tnd ordinance you rewrote it to be a whole new development to what you want not a tnd all right tell me what is some of the other ones since you bringing it up. I'm not going to sit here on the whole ordinance you know it's not just once the whole ordinance we could go through a line about you went through it line by line and dictated and changed everything in here to what you felt needed to be best fit it's not just a few things I mean look at it's a it's a book it's very extensive yes right so my point is is that what you did was not just changed a few things to update them you changed the ordinance to fit what you thought would be best but it's no longer a tnd ordinance if that's the case then if you win if it wasn't good enough and it wasn't successful then they wouldn't have built all the shoe upon and expanded what they did they would have moved out when somewhere else and they would be about to do something else here again I mean it works for its intended purposes during it nothing in life is perfect but what what what the intention of this ordinance was to accomplish was accomplished and grown with with great success I can't agree more because when the Bayley Grove group came and talked and it was posted on Facebook like 600 something kind it was something ridiculous the amount of and and probably the only negative thing I saw on there was well leaving home and getting there's going to be a little difficult well that's a city problem that's it's already an issue you know we're we have room to expand there but the excitement for another tnd development with that has a school in the heart of it and other things in a lot more pocket areas there was a lot of people excited I mean that's I'd like just a little clarification because some of the comments made are relative to some of the common areas I had sugarmopon you know my my appreciation from working with the dagels for years is that the community was welcome in common areas I've always felt welcome as a resident of young zoo whether I choose to walk my dog or whether I choose to ride my bike now of course I've never established the business there you know to squat on somebody else's property I wouldn't do that but I think that's where perhaps the internal neighborhood security comes in like hey not quite the intended use you know get a special event permit I've also always felt welcomed doing the same in river range you know I don't I think that you know the town square is beautiful there and you you go and I don't think it's uncommon to see somebody sitting out and being part of it so I believe that was my appreciation of those spaces correct I mean with if we just wanted it to be open to the resident it would be gated there's a reason it's not gated and without outside non-resident feedback and people venturing into the neighborhood the the business is internal to the neighborhood wouldn't survive we need outside residents to come into the field to business and I don't deny that and I don't disagree with that that doesn't say anything in this new ordinance that they cannot they cannot access those areas disordinates does not say that so and we we welcome I mean we have events we love our events in that neighborhood and see and people come in we welcome people to withdraw at like I'm mr. Landry I'm sorry I'd love to give you the last word if you'd like I know I okay any more questions no I'll reach out to you George thank you mr. Landry thanks thank you for being patient that's not a problem you're right the water view apartments is what started all this okay and you know it'd be one thing if they didn't have any parking places and they're dedicated parking but they do it's never full never full I go to classy canine my dogs get groomed there once I'm up there's a Louis a lafayette police car parked in front there every single day he lives in near-pork it okay you know it'd be a simple solution but I still think that this ordinance needs to be tweaked okay all the red stuff that's that is strictly to me that's engineering stuff that has to do with the the rules of the parish okay so don't be blown away because there's so much red it's because it wasn't in there and it should have been in there now the blue stuff look apartments I don't have a problem with the apartments but hold them to the standard in the neighborhood that they're in okay and I think any future apartments that are built in in this city needs to have dedicated parking and they need to have tags and they need to park in their apartment complex it just makes sense to me because the outside parking and then you have people that want to run businesses out so but at least I appreciate it it's a wonderful subdivision nothing's perfect but that doesn't mean you don't strive for perfection okay so don't throw the baby out with the bath water all right does this the board have a relationship with the water view manager because I can't tell you who that individual is I'll put it this way I handled lights in the subdivision for almost three years security would make a list of the street lights are out they'd put it under my dorm mat every week I type it up I send it to slimco well water view apartments had lights that were out so I would copy the manager on those lights they're still out today so that'll answer you question well they may you know I you know I look at lighting is lighting security okay that's what keeps the the bad element out I happen to have a trailer park our re-park in Donnesonville y'all really want to go someplace that has problems go see Donnesonville okay Nicole can I withdraw my second please huh so I put LED lights and cameras well I saw that problem so it doesn't matter where it is you could you can improve things all right look I don't mind being part of a meeting with the water view manager I know when we had when the meeting that I was part of where we did have a one of the owners present he said he would follow up with the apartment complex and it's gotten a lot better and he did it's gotten a lot better but like I said the police car heading lose yet but I guess let me offer my help if you'd like me to be part of helping for still that I'll say this and I guess I'm drawing a comparison the the manager for Sugar Movelas I wouldn't know her if I saw her but I know her name and she's very engaged and she's she's she's she's uh interacts quite often yeah you know so I have a contact there you know so you know I don't mind I mean similar to how we have relationships with HOAs throughout our city if we need a from the city lean in and and and maybe you know speak with the with with that voice to try to engage the you know apartment manager you know but the one thing that bothered me you know I heard a comment made that well we don't want apartments I don't have a problem with apartments but they got to follow what the rest of the neighborhood follows yes sir I mean it just doesn't make sense that you put an aisle in in a in a subdivision that's highly restricted and and it can become animal house okay that that's just that that's not that's not good so thank you all right that I missed something I would do a second so it does a motion from some of them and I would do the second so just like the motion currently so somebody wants to say I can mayor just a reminder I don't I will second this there are a lot of things I don't agree with but I'm gonna hopefully highly encourage every single one of us have the five of us to meet with anybody from the neighborhood mr. Dagle uh price got whose potential feature gonna build a tnd because there's a lot of uh work that from my understanding from Pam and Nicole there's a lot of things that are that needed to be revised on this so I think for the sheer sake of those revisions I'm second in this motion but if the change it it's gonna have to be reintroduced right from this well no we would have to make a revision when we final approve it next month if it's up for it'll be on the next month's agenda any changes without being a part of that motion correct correct or approve does this it's either approved as is next month or with any I guess I'm just gonna wait to make a second on introducing until we had it where we wanted it at versus where was it today that's that's a personal opinion so yeah I get it all right so mr. Volgiano would drew and mr. Romero is now seconding Miss jumpines of initial motion mr. Nyland I was just gonna say that it would it would be nice to just have the ordinance submitted with what the required changes were to be able to see what the actual required things are versus all the extra stuff in there it would make it much easier to digest and look at everything to make sure that it all lines up that would have been my only request is there any uh they're coming from the public we would welcome your feedback at this time all right there's been a motion and second as far as you have a question nope all right there's a motion and second and there's no additional comment misgid your please call the vote to introduce far as yes mr. Volgiano mr. Romero mr. Nyland no miss jumpines yes motion agreed all right ordinance is for introduction at gen item 9.1 excuse me at 9.2 ordinance 503 2025 and aggregate amendment and revisions of the city of young zoe state of Louisiana's and young zoe sales tech district one sales and use tax ordinance totaling 3.5 percent yeah if it's the council's pleasure i've missed a drew talbot's been waiting has been here very patiently so mr. talbot thank you for joining us this evening sir thank you good evening mr. mayor members of the council my name is drew talbot i'm an attorney from baton Rouge to Louisiana and i specialize in sales and use tax matters uh what's before you is uh as the agenda item says it's it's taking the four separate sales tax infositions in the city of young'sville it's aggregating them into one document and it's revising your terms in your ordinance to comport with current state ball it does not increase taxes it doesn't change anything about the dedication of the proceeds or anything else it's just a i think a good government measure um in this case the sales and use tax ordinances that are currently in effect were adopted in 1968 1981 1999 and 2011 and since those documents that memorialized each of those sales taxes or went into effect those documents haven't been updated and it's a good time to update them and the reason i suggest that is because under the governor's leadership last fall there was the third extraordinary session of the legislature where we call it the tax reform session and major changes were made to state statutory law and these changes had effect at both the state level and the local level automatically so what has happened especially with the passage of time certainly from the oldest ordinances but even from the 2011 ordinance is you've got terms that seem to be outdated and what this proposed aggregate ordinance does is it just makes it abundantly clear that the sales tax law in the city is the same as it is throughout the rest of the state um i can certainly go into a lot of detail happening answer any questions um but i'll leave it at that for right now thanks for waiting two and a half hours pleasure patiently uh i've dealt with this with my own personal work with the digital tax and everything uh i think was it marked or somewhere around there it actually went into effect or January 1 January 1 okay i guess we took an effect in March um we're we're paying this as a community as a individual you already paying this netflix hulu whatever else you want to you know online all that stuff essentially what we're doing here is accepting this tax funding as a municipality by moving forward with this like to dummy it down yeah and and you know if i wanted to really get technical with you um one of the major changes just to make sure everybody's on the same page one of the major changes made during the tax reform session was the legislature in my view clarified the law with respect to digital products and there there was at the time there was some existing litigation and digital products is a very broad term but there was a litigation about certain things being included already under the old law as taxable or not this was in my view a clarification of the law but it's important to note as we consider this agenda item what does your ordinance do and what can your ordinance do versus what it can't do um and so to go into the statute if if you look today and this was effective what we call the uniform local sales tax code is effective in July of 2003 it says the terms in your ordinance do not apply except for the following the rate of tax the effective date the term the purpose of the proceeds vendors compensation and then certain exemptions and exclusions what so so you know digital products the legislature already satisfied that it's already taxable here so why go through this exercise and the reason is because the citizens in the city the businesses that operate in the city that transact the city can pull your ordinance and look at it and rely upon it and so you know it I think it's best practice to make sure that we make sure that if the state law reads a certain way our law reads a certain way even though from a legal perspective what the ordinance says or doesn't say on that subject is really irrelevant I know that's a long way around but did that answer your question what we have correct would it tax no matter what now it's just a matter of young people cleaning up our tax laws and making sure that we're increment essentially in compliance correct because no matter what if we don't vote for this I'm still paying the extra tax next month on my netflix selling my online stuff everything else yes sir and in fact and just to give a little context I represent 44 parishes including Latvian and the school board who's the sales tax collector for all the taxing authorities in Latvian I recommend it to all of my clients you know basically the entire state that this be done that this exercise to update to modernize just as kind of a piggybacking effort from what the state was doing with tax reform this is essentially local tax reform but you're right the state has already made the decision so that we don't have multiple sets of rules in every different jurisdiction and every other municipality I believe around us is already adopted this exact I don't know for the most part the timing about it but yeah correct yes miss Shampa thank you okay when we say this has been being collected has it just been since January of 2025 so we've got to define what what this is so if you're asking about digital products okay digital price so under the old law we had various examples that I can give you so for example if I wanted to purchase a Microsoft office I could go to the Microsoft website and you download that program onto your computer that was very clearly the transfer of software which is defined to be tangible personal property under the old law Microsoft would charge tax to that customer would collect it and would remit it okay that was old law and I'll give you a different example I use QuickBooks in my business QuickBooks was an online based system you know I don't download any program but I access it via the web on my computer I put my information about my revenue and expenses and then I can certainly download reports but it's all cloud-based at you know the so-called software as a service well QuickBooks was not charging the sales tax now you know that's where there were some disputes and you had some software providers that would say well even though we're cloud-based we're going to charge the tax and you had others that would say well I'm not and then there was some litigation involving that and there was some interesting court cases and opinions but this was in a state of flux and so during the tax reform session testimony from the Secretary of the Department of Revenue talked about this provision clarifying the law in that respect but making making it clear that everybody is going to play by the same rules and that even the cloud software providers would charge tax so it was a really a mixed bag depending upon the company the nature of the digital product and other things associated with that space so what do you say when someone says this is a new tax because we've never collected it before I'd say that the the Landry administration through the Secretary would would disagree with that and that you know that was currently up to the court so I believe there was some jurisprudence and favor of the state on that point and even in the past if we had to go to the voters for an increase in sales tax or sales tax and we had to bring it to the voters what allows this not to be brought to the voters so this is the uniform local sales tax code this is title 47 section 337.2 what that section says is you know so the first the name we're making local sales tax uniform that the legislature did this in 2003 and by doing that they said that all of the local ordinances throughout the state are irrelevant with with the following exceptions and I just listed them the rate of tax the term the dedication of the proceeds certain exemptions and exclusions so the legislature has already decided that they're going to determine at a state and local uniform level what definitions are what things are are not taxable what happens if we don't pass this who does the state have a hammer that they're going to come down on us if you don't pass it then the the tax is still going to be imposed it's still going to be charged and collected the school board is our taxing authority right so the school board would still admit that submit that tax to the city we wouldn't know what that is though because it's it's a I use this example when when you buy something off the internet you have that sales tax and it's just one one amount one percentage but that's not divided up when it goes to the school board office is it like if if I buy numerous things if I buy digital if I buy hardware right all from the same company they don't separate it so do we have any idea what is generating so you're correct that they don't segregate out based on the category of the transaction some of the tax at the local level would be remitted through the school board as the single collector for Lafayette parish some of the tax will go through the what's called the remote sellers commission which collects all sales tax state and local from remote sellers so those are your internet companies that are delivering packages into Young'sville but they don't have a physical presence in the state they don't have employees in the state the only way to know for sure the amount of tax recovered from digital products is simply to audit the companies that sell digital products and so I believe there have been some estimates put out at a statewide level as part of the administration's tax reform package last fall but I don't have any specific numbers that I could share with you for the city so like we just stated if we if we would do nothing if the city would still receive the 3.5 percent based on that on that law and the state law yes I think though the purpose here is just to to clean this up and to make sure it is clear that there's not a different set of rules to anybody that would pull the ordinances and look and to modernize things there's you know some of these like for example the 1968 ordinance has references to definitions that are irrelevant now that have been removed that have some of them have statutory references that have now been changed so it's more than just the digital products issue thank you okay thank you the motion by Mr. Volga second by Mr. Volga excuse me motion by Mr. Volga second by Mr. Nylon any council discussion can he public comment can you give me a few there's no public comment please call the rule miss Barra's yes Mr. Volga yes Mr. Romero yes Mr. Nylon yes no motion approved Mr. Talbot thank you sir Jim Adam 9.3 ordinance 507 2025 in ordinance the city of Young'sville established and it recognized in a fire prevention bureau within the Young'sville volunteer fire department is the chief here captain would you like to address the council sir you here if anybody has any questions about it what it means I don't know if you'll talk about it yet but all this does is establish us to act in lieu of the fire state fire marshal to be able to do yearly inspections on buildings and the idea behind it is we can get rating points for to improve our PIAL rating having a fire bureau for prevention bureau this is a strategic move forward by the board of directors of the fire department to put our best foot forward to maintain and strengthen our fire rating and put us in the best posture prior to the next rating process we do we do prefer points rating but this is going to allow us when we're doing inspections that if there's any kind of large hazards that will be moved within the facility or someone moves out and some moves back in they may get a new certificate of occupancy but we were not catch all those so essentially if you know a boutique moves out and Haliburton moves in per se and that just very drastic difference but we'll know that there's you know large quantities of fuel oil things that have radioactive material things like that that we're going to know about in case of an incident we'll know about those things but by having someone in this bureau with fire prevention when we go to schools and then obviously a more in-depth inspection with us before the after the fire marshal's initial inspection grants us a lot more rating points so the insurance premiums then would come down and it helps us organize how we can keep things I guess file per se miss borris I was just making a motion all right thank you ma'am motion by councilman borris is there a second also second second by councilmember Bolgiano any council discussion any public comment yeah what's the cost of fact so when we were figuring out what we did was we took our previous rating and we did all the math behind it figured out where we could approve and there's multiple ways we could approve this was the most costly efficient way if you looked at it as like how much money you paid to bring up the rating so basically this would we would hire one person to do this or software or CRM that we use right now already has the ability to do it so there's no cost in there it's basically one salary to have somebody do it okay so we met with a couple different bureaus chief and I and ask them we know how many businesses are in young zoo and everything of how many businesses one person can do and for example brusort has this and one of their part time guys can do about 500 businesses a year and when we were getting the list together I think we're right at probably you at 400 by the time we get all this done so I wouldn't anticipate needing a second person for a little while so you're looking at one less than a hundred probably 70,000 with benefits and all for that one position it's a part time person no it'd be a full time yeah but now this would his sole job would be doing inspections and pre-plans and stuff and could help out as a safety officer on fire scene when asked to but his primary focus would be doing the yearly inspections now the farm Marshall would still handle like pre-construction inspections and stuff and planning but we wouldn't get any extra credit for doing that so it doesn't really make sense for us to do that for the rating purposes thank you captain any public comment okay there's no public comment misgirdry please call the vote for introduction mr. boljiano yes mr. marmera yes mr. nilis yes yes yes all right we'll move into announcements uh Susan you ready very sure so we'll do Susan Pam Tim um for the uh waste water plan we we awarded that contract um they're gonna be ready to go pretty quickly so we've got to get that done by December of 2026 with the water water sector money um the pump stations haven't changed much pump station four we're finishing up that design and i'm sorry pump station four is complete um and the final payment was submitted uh pump station three is complete and we're waiting for the lean period to expire they've addressed all the punch list items the water plant we're at 80 percent complete we met today to um figure out the transition from the old plant to the new plants that we're getting close uh sugar mule pond we're still trying to nail down the forced main route and pump station five we're finishing that design thank you any questions for Susan it was a great week we've had some meetings of both course as i mentioned earlier relative to the to the funding for the waste water treatment plan expansion but also to really uh work with uh Susan uh Terry our water department led by Alex and really start looking at our fire department uh captain uh was shot well was with this uh as was the fire chief to where we're really gonna start mapping out the service area for our new water plant so real excited about that so this has been a long time in the making and uh can't believe we're almost finished almost finished but really just getting started yeah yeah so as we as we move into that i mean i'll be able to you know there's no no difference for the residents other than the the plant source will be different for some of our community once we once we move forward with um turning it on yep so all right Susan thank you thanks again for the water sector work Pam um yes so highway 89 we're about 55% complete we've moved uh all of the median um base and so we're now we're moving select fill onto the two northbound lanes at this time and so that we can get that done salsa minute and then pave it then we'll open it up and start work on the west side but we do have all of the drainage already done um on the west side as well so it's moving right along um it's 55 based on pay items it's more percent complete than that if you actually go and look in the road but if you go based on the pay items that's where it's at fortune road we haven't done anything on fortune in the last probably six weeks because our focus has been on multiple teams on highway 89 um to get that done quicker um larry deer as the mayor said they're kind of blowing and going they've probably got about it's over 800 feet of pipe laid out and drainage structures on the east side of the road already and all of the everything's been cleared as well um it is southbound only traffic um for that for for larry deer for the next year um and some coolee detention where um everything's been approved on our drainage we're still waiting on the core permit um shmait agriob and the highway 92 widenings designed we need to sit with the mayor so that we can go over the plans before we advertise for bids um and then highway 92 widening I think Nicole got something today on the debrief for that particular funding application we went through and we have not heard about uh the sidewalk application for highway 89 um the last thing is do you want to talk about the CRS me some good news after being here for as many hours yeah I think everybody needs a mood mood pick her up so um this this everybody from a standpoint of a female you know we've done a lot of things within the city um and um about two and a half years ago Garrett and Clint submit an application to get into the community rating system for a female which allows you the opportunity to start getting discounts for those who do purchase flood insurance policies based upon the things that we currently do um many many communities enter in just like a nine we did have enough to bring us into a ten which would mean that all of the starting in April of 2026 the 1445 current policies that's how many policies you have so you know if you do simple math you got 20,000 people it's normally three people per household that's the average you're looking at 6,000 homes so you probably have about 20% of your residents that currently have flood insurance a 10% on a policy like myself I have a policy zone next policy I pay a thousand dollars a year so that's a hundred dollars savings so at a minimum if ever at a minimum people are going to save a hundred dollars we don't have it there are no five hundred dollar female flood insurance policies anymore not since 2016 nobody seen that so you're looking at on the low in a hundred and 45,000 dollars of savings for your residents annually to an upwards limit depending on those who are paying way more than what I'm paying it could be close to the 200,000 so that's going to be an annual savings to the young civil residents and we will continue to improve um there are certain things we're trying to get to there are surrounding communities that have a seven the problem is there are some activities you cannot get points for until after you already in the CRS program and then they measure based upon your improvement so there are several things that we're doing already and things that are really small low hanging fruit that we can do to get us into that seven by the time the next window and that's our goal and that would mean a 15% discount so just to clarify this I don't think this matters but for the for the late public but I think we're entering as a is an eight is an eight okay yeah so what what does this mean for you what it means is anybody that has a flood insurance policy uh nearly close to I guess 1500 people I mean our number is was that near close to 1500 from 2023 I think Garrett told us so uh 1500 people so I think it's easily going to be uh 200,000 savings that can be back into our community back or rather back into the pockets of our policy holders for them to to spend as they want I mean in today I mean I see them all you hear about insurance is cost escalations everywhere where the homeowners flood car you name it so uh big thank you to uh Garrett and big thank you to Pam for really taking the bull by the horn and getting it done um they're right uh Clint that was one of our his strategic projects that we tasked Garrett and Clint with years ago um fortunately unfortunately when we called FEMA and say we're looking for a discount it's and we want to be the community we want to do the community rating survey turn until full blown audit so not what we were asking for but we did get through it and post the FEMA audit uh definitely happy about the work because it's something that uh it can go right back to the hands of the policy holders so Garrett thank you Pam thank you appreciate it anything else y'all got no uh approximately when you think those two lanes will be open for for 89 I would say we have 400 trucks left of dirt to move so another five days of hauling dirt is also meant and then hating okay all good weathered two weeks if not fortunately we have the dirt so yeah all right thank you Pam Tim we recently finished all the YSC all-star season for baseball and softball and all the world world series tournaments um our Mustang world series ties into our sports and tourism you know it's a great tournament to expose our city to the teams you know internationally and around the United States um our Mustang league team did really well this year they way would have they experienced a practice and scrimmage china they they beat Chicago and they competed well in two games against mexico so it was a great tournament indoor volleyball for the girls we started practice this week we registered 651 girls adult softball games have started this week with 86 teams our summer beach league has started playoffs this week southside soccer F&A football flight football will begin practicing at the end of this month and then we'd like to thank you you know Shannon and Jan Lottulae Nick Lottulae and and councilman Ramirez with the Lions Club for donating um monies to improve the inclusive playset and add with the safety of it by adding aluminum fencing around the inclusive place yeah huge thanks to every Lions Club member thank you so much for for fundraise and investing that money back into our parks at rec so great addition to compliment the leadership benches that are out there and it continues to I know put a small in a lot of faces when we see that playground being used so and we we received a great compliment from the team traveling from china here so great job every resident of young of young zosha be proud all right uh Terry anything chief yeah officers we have today uh officer a bear come from iberia paris sheriff's office with 16 years of experience and law enforcement wanted to come serve the community young still now we're happy to have him i just wanted to introduce our body to him officer a bear welcome to young so we're happy to have you on the team sir thank you so chief your staff now we have one opening as mal we have a civil service meeting coming up and then we'll staff the last position great anything else sir no sir all right thank you for the update hailey don't need to turn it okay uh just to reminder each sweet restaurant weeks is going on so please get your passport get out visit those restaurants um and that is all we have you have to August 31st all right thank you hailey Terry all right uh let's see the i guess the two comments i'd like to share and then we'll open if there's any public any council comment first i want to share that at the Louisiana Municipal Association we for the community achievement awards the citizens of young did receive an honorable mention in community development for the expansion of the sports complex so very proud of that achievement there was a lot of great projects that were submitted for community achievements it's always great to see the wonderful things that are happening in the towns villages and cities across Louisiana want to extend i think congratulations again the new LMA president is our neighbor mayor ray borke so it's really good to see a local mayor lead that organization for the next year and last comment i guess i just wanted to make was relative to you know this year nine years since the flood of 2016 i didn't acknowledge it that day but you know just for those of you that flooded i mean not a day goes by that we don't have some level of discussion relative to drainage in the progress that our public works and engineering team makes to where drainage it continues to be at the forefront of everything that we do which is really the reason why we don't make it you know a reason to acknowledge but for everyone that that that flooded in that event you know we're still working to to lower your flood risk to lower the flood risk mitigation one of the things i was interesting that was brought to my attention this week was the high amount of funds that were made available after the 2016 flood event and how very little of them have been put into action for whatever reason i mean if you know we've said that we were the only the first two to get through the hurdle and also the construction but just project after project that are falling off or a myriad of reasons whether it's the the the in part bureaucratic process to go through the benefit cost analysis and the return on investment calculations or change in political leadership changes a lot of priorities because you really have to have stamina to see that level of grant funding through and it's really disappointing that despite having congressional hearings in December or November of 2023 specific to that case where Pam testified we still have just limited amount of funding that's that's getting spent to lower bait flood risk mitigation so and that's all i have or are there any announcements from the council all right yes sir mr. Ramara yeah chief if you can go back and command all your officers working traffic flow for the schools and everything the morning i i mean i have one at arch i want it southside i passed god let when i leave home to go to work and i haven't seen any complaints or craziness like we have in the last couple years i'm not going to look for you but uh they're doing a great job i know you have some extra guys out there too i've noticed so thanks any other announcement oh i'm sorry thank you for doing great any other announcements motion to do all right emotion by mr. Boljano's their second all in favor uh meeting adjourned have a great evening