 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you got moving again November 13th and the meeting is called to order. I'd like to ask for the invocation this evening to be led by Pastor Chris Fusile from First Baptist Church and then we have a special group of young ladies from Girl Scout, Troop 1118 that are going to help lead us in the pledge. So Pastor thank you thank you Mayor. Let's pray together. The follow we thank you for this day you've given to us Lord we just so thankful today that there wasn't one second that we walked through this day alone. We thank you for your presence and Father we also give you gratitude tonight as we come together we pray Lord that you'd give us vision that you give us unity and Father give us grateful hearts especially as we think about Thanksgiving being just a few weeks away today may we be grateful for being a part of this great community. Father God everything that is done this evening and we pray this in your name amen. Amen. Pastor thank you for your friendship and your support of Young Svilla so I think we have our all right. United St. is for us. Yeah. You can type by you and get a new ball. Mary. Yeah. Nicole, you want to be in the picture? Yeah. Uh-huh. Down. Oh, they have good. Maybe? That's his way. That's right. Oh, Linda too. I'm going to move. All right. Perfect. Well, babe. All right. Ready? Everybody, look at me. One, two, three. Great job, girls. Well, I want everyone to know that we have such a bright future because I had, we had a few special minutes before the meeting to, to visit and get to know these young ladies. And they had some great questions. So some, some questions that I'm very proud about. So, uh, and, and questions to things that we're really working on. Like, when are we going to get a Chick-fil-A? I want to know this. Yeah. So if anybody has any pull, please help us out. We'd love one. So, all right. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Yeah. And, uh, and also great questions about the road construction too. So thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. All right. All right. Miss Gidry, please call the roll. Miss Barrett. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Mr. Nylon. Here. Miss Champagne. All right. Thank you, Nicole. The seating, we have a couple of people that are going to be addressing the council. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Thank you all very much. Welcome, Pastor Joe Cormier from First Assembly Young'sville to come forward. And he's going to tell us about the great work that's happening in our community to bring us the second annual Christmas under the Star's event, which is coming up very soon. So, Pastor, welcome, sir. Thank you so much, Mayor. I have our event coordinator here, Jesse Griffin. She knows more about it than I do. So I just bought her maybe share a little bit of some of the details. I just want to just make this, make it announcement that we're going to be having our Christmas under the Star's event December 13th at the Young'sville Sports Complex Amphitheater, powered by Slim Co. And that's going to be it from 4 to 9 p.m. And the vision for this is, as I was reminded that 2,000, little over 2,000 years ago, the, the, there was an event that took place that brought the world together in a very unique way. It brought together government officials caught their attention. It brought people from all over the world bearing gifts. It brought together in keepers and you know, shepherds from the fields, people from the agricultural community, camels, camels, donkeys, you know, even some in keepers. So, you know, this event that we're going to have in Young'sville does something very similar. We've, we've brought together the Chamber of Commerce, local churches, our sports complex, our government officials. And, but I think this time in a positive way the government's involved and all around the birth of Jesus Christ and the celebration of Christmas. So, again, that's going to be in December 13th from 4 p.m. to 9. So, I just want to take Jesse to take an opportunity, maybe give a little details about some of the new things that we're doing this year. So, this year we're really excited that we do have more community involvement and engagement this year, which is our goal. Stellar Beauty is actually stepping into to help us this year. They have a huge school that they're going to be helping us with. But this year our highlight presentation is our Living Bethlehem production, which we used to do every year at the Sugar Mill pond area. And we used to have a great turnout for that. And so, when we were asked last year to come back and do the Living Bethlehem production at the amphitheater, we're like, let's do this. We're going to go full force. So, we're bringing it back to Living Bethlehem production with camels, donkeys, all the animals, all the live action. Production so that people and families can truly see and have representation of the true meaning of Christmas with some new elements that we're involving this year. We not only have the Living Bethlehem production, but we have Southside High School coming with some band ensembles. Arca, middle school is doing some choir, different choir presentations, and then years to grow. So, daycare is doing some presentations as well. And then we're going to have some Cajun reading of the night before Christmas. We're going to have train rides out there with the polar express. We'll have Santa, we'll have the Grinch, Whoville. We're going to have a whole Bethlehem experience with a petting zoo, food trucks, a huge Christmas market this year that we're expanding with. And we're just really excited to have the community come out and engage and just really have a fun night under the stars together with them. So, yeah, excited about it. Thanks for the opportunity to put it on. And of course, we're always looking for sponsors, so if anybody's interested in sponsoring that, this is a free event for our community. And we hope to keep it that way. And because, you know, we just want to share this season together with our community. So, thank you so much. And it's Remonus when it is again. December 13th from 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. And I know you there's a Facebook page that's ready with all the information, sponsorship opportunities. Can't thank you both enough. This type of event wouldn't be possible without first assembly. So, thank you all sincerely and look forward to having a great event that night. Yeah, appreciate that partnership. And thanks, Hayley, for the farmers market, which is going to be with the Chamber of Commerce. So, it's always awesome. Thank you. Appreciate it. Let's see, just quickly before we move on, I wanted to recognize Ms. Karen Cox. Ms. Karen, I'm sorry that about the passing of your husband, he was a true friend of our community. And I'm grateful to see you here this evening. So, just in case I forget to tell you later. And happy birthday to you all, so, yes ma'am. All right. All right. A gin item 3.2, I've asked. Let me read the gin item and then I'll explain it a little bit more. McBaid engineers and consultants, presentation on pedestrian and parking enhancements for Sugarmob Pine. Over the, just for the Council and the public's benefit, recently, had some dialogue with members of the Sugarmob Pine community, the HOA board members. Councilman Shampine, just the entire community about how can other things that we can do as a community to perhaps help slow people down a little bit in Sugarmob Pine in particular. But I think it's a great question that we can apply towards pretty much any part of our community. So, what started as a request for something unrelated, I ended up tasking Pam with looking kind of 30,000 foot viewpoint at Sugarmob Pine, just to see if there's any opportunity now that the neighborhood's grown a little bit further to see if there's any type of traffic, calming or things like that. And really just to help educators on where four-way stops may be appropriate, where, you know, the pros and cons of speed bumps things like that. So, it was a good, she did a great job of presenting the information to me. I've taken the opportunity to where we've shared it with the board members. And now we're here to share it with all of you. So, Pam, I'll let you take it from there. Got it? All right. Okay. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Council. As you know, kind of like just to start this out, I want to explain before we get too far into it. As everybody knows, we always talk about Sugarmob Ponds, the TND. It is not your typical residential subdivision. So, residential subdivisions typically don't have striping, don't have crosswalks. But TNDs are mixed development. It is not considered, it is not a luxury off. It is not a private, it is mixed. So, because of the fact that it has commercial, it could have educational, multi-family, it's going to have through traffic. And you're going to have all of these other types of buildings besides just single-family residential. So, it may warrant some striping and some other features in order to slow traffic down but also provide everything that we keep saying that we want to see in a TND. So, we first started out based on, again, like any investigation, it's like, okay, what are, what's the feedback? But we didn't just, we went out and observed ourselves, me and several of my staff members in the day, in the morning and at night. We also looked at different videos that people had taken and everything else. And plus, you know, we're very familiar with all of the different plans as it's going on, as you know, I've been doing this for 12 years for the city. So, have a lot of history. So, we looked at Palfrey from Shaman, Mettery, all the way to Bonnet, in particular at Bella Vista and Waterview and at Royals, Linberg, especially near its principal's list, Oceans, especially at Edgemere, right there by the school, Shore Drive, Royals, Gunt, Waterview, and then of course, many years we were asked and in some areas not necessarily are sometimes not just a crosswalk, but we looked at 90 to a nice Milton as a crosswalk. Some of the observations, of course, there's no lane, there's no parking striping within the development, except near what people refer to as the city center. There's limited lighting and residential areas is that would be expected, but by the same token, if you're in the park area, it's not very well lit up. I stood there talking with some residents and watched a couple of near misses with people passing stop signs. Again, you know, just not necessarily speeding, but shows you that a stop sign and a four-way stop is not your answer to everything as popular belief might be. We talk about it and we refer to it as a walkable community. If you have a walkable community side, it doesn't stop at a sidewalk because every time they try to cross the street, you're playing chicken. So if you don't have a sidewalk, guess who has the right way, the vehicle. So if we want to make this a walkable community, I'm looking at it and saying, we can't have everybody play chicken, and if you want a crosswalk at 92, you're not playing chicken from one district of Mill Pond all the way to the school. So that's the kind of, as the mayor said, 30,000 foot level I'm looking at it with everything everybody's saying. Speed tables, everybody wants a speed bump, speed tables, everybody knows that is not necessarily always the answer. And out there in observation what we noticed is there are tons of lawn care companies coming in with their trailers. So imagine being in the house that would be right outside of that speed bump. So one of the things years ago when we talked about if people wanted speed bumps, what Lafayette does with Tony Tramble had said was you get 75% of the people on the street where the street bumps want to be to all be on it. And then you show people where it needs to be based on engineering and 90% of the time nobody wants to speed bump if they know it's going to be. And then you know, you know, you're going to have a lot of noise that it would make. The safety it reduces emergency vehicles time to respond police and fire. So, and then you know, buses everything. So we looked at all of that and said that's just by watching everything that's not necessarily, you know, took that off the table. And then you know, you know, you know, you're like the through traffic. It was built that it was designed that way. It was designed the right way to have people. You can't have that many hundreds of homes. And it just be inclusive of itself. It's not. It's got commercial. It's got schools. It has to have through. And that's exactly what it's supposed to. And you have through traffic and river range. And you know, so when we considered we looked at what we as engineers referred to as MUTCB, the manual on unified traffic control devices. That's the reason why all stop signs in the United States are red with white. If you had to know a different color in Louisiana to Florida, you wouldn't know how to drive. So let's not make up a use of a traffic control device different in young's deal. Then it is somewhere else. That's why we have that. We looked at pedestrian safety. Yes, speed reduction of vehicles. We want to look at the response of emergency vehicles. What's the challenge with emergency vehicles right now? And in the future, the connectivity for the walkable community that we want it to be. It's and everybody likes about it. Noise impacts impacts infrastructure. Another thing with speed table speed bumps. Most of the corners where people would want them. There's drainage structures right there. We can't have them, you know, even in the neighborhood I lived in when it had it down on 100 oak strife. The road on either side of it, you would see the pavement degrading from the water sit there because nobody took into account that you changed the drainage pattern by putting a big speed table. So to put a speed table in those areas, we would have had that we have to do all kind of curb work and everything. So it's not as easy as people think put a little bit of asphalt. So we looked at that when we, and we wanted cost effective and functional. The one thing I know from doing government work from 32 years of my life is that you have cost effective and functional. And we all have budgets, you all have budgets. So we looked at that too. And then the constructability of it. What can we construct? What can we make functional while people are living there? This is not new. This is the development people live in. Proper use of a four way stop. Stop signs or not for traffic calming. Let me say that again. They are not for traffic calming. You are not going to ever see Pam Groge and most engineers say let's add a four way stop. To calm traffic. I sat there and watched people blow through stop signs. That's not the purpose of them. That is not how they are to be used. You use four ways, four way stop signs when you have equal and opposite traffic. So you have the same amount of traffic either way and you are trying to give everybody a chance to go. Intersections where there is accidents, hard to maneuver, dangerous site conditions, all make sense. Near a school. You are trying to do so. And prior to doing that, you should have notification. Let people know that you are going to have a stop sign coming through there. So the answer to traffic calming is not stick four way stops all over the place. So traffic calming devices are speed bumps, cushions, humps, tables. That's just how big they are and how. But it's all the same thing. Everybody says it just how wide they are, how high. Chokers, you can do diverters, traffic circles, which are around about but small. But it's just a little bit. Lane narrowing signage, striping. You can realign the intersections. You can divert. You can raise them. Like what Bruce Argers did at that intersection. I'm Bruce Argers. Or you can do a median island. Many of those that you see are all structural. We looked at different things. You would be changing everybody's patterns. They cost a lot more money. The constructability takes longer. So we focused in on lane narrowing signage and striping. Because that stuff that we felt was cost effective, functional, could be constructed. And we don't have to deal with all the drain and gin everything. So we focused the striping and signage and the only structural improvements that were needed is those to extend some sidewalks that didn't quite line up. And or to do any pipes that we need. There's a couple areas we have to add some pipes to extend those sidewalks like at my principal's list. So the four ways, the one four way stop that we saw is that oceans and edge mirror. You have a school that lets out. You have an intersection. That's why it's a boulevard. You have humongous boulders that are placed in the median. So if someone is trying to maneuver on edge water, they have to make sure that they miss the boulders. And that they can cross while the traffic would not be stopping on oceans. Backsept traffic. So we can see people playing chicken trying to race across it. So that one, because it makes it hard to maneuver, there is a school nearby. And because of how it's laid out, it's best that that becomes a four way stop. That's our recommendation. Posting 15 mile per hour speed limit, whether it's signs or markings on the roadway, letting everybody know you have 12 entrances. And everybody needs to know when they come in to Shreemopan, the speed limit is 15 miles an hour. Pedestrian crosswalks, because we are recommending some crosswalks. And they not only have to be striped, but we need to have the proper signage. And so we are recommending signs on either side, and I'll have some graphics. But also they make a sign that you put in the center of the road, a small one that basically tells people it's the law. You need to yield to pedestrians and a crosswalk. We're recommending those at Palfrey in Belavista, Palfrey in Barton Terrace, and Lindbergh and Lake Christ. And crosswalk with lighted signs, flashing lights, like what we have a day taught, we are recommending at East Milton and West of Lake Christ. So striping considerations are crosswalks with signs laying narrowly. One thing you don't do is put a center line and a subdivision center lines just from all of studies and everything. People's perception of a center line is, well that's a roadway with a high speed and people tend to speed. So we're not recommending center lines. We're recommending edge lanes on the roadways that also have parking. Because in a roadway that's beyond 28 feet, the driver senses, I have full flexibility of all of this to drive. And they have nothing that makes them slow down. You may not notice it, but when you're on a road and you see a white line coming out your right side, you tend to slow down. You tend to want to stay on that edge of that line. And so there's a lot of things that our own psyche sees with regards to lines, which is the whole reason why we're recommending on those roads that have parking on the side. Right now it's just all, all you see is black pavement is to make sure that everybody knows where your travel lane ends and what is parking to desert. And that is road narrowing because you're, you're restricting the drivers that here's where you're supposed to drive. And that has been proven to reduce speeds five to seven miles an hour in a residential area. They have what's called optical speed bars. I'll show you some examples of those, but optical speed bars, as you put these, and they're not really, they're just striping. You put them closer as you get towards the stop sign that you want to make sure people don't run because as they get closer, you put the stop bars closer. And it gives them the perception that they think that they're going faster and it will slow them down. And so again, it's a, it's the way the mind looks at these lines. And then stop bars again. A lot of people might not notice that sign, but people's eyes are on the road. They notice what's on the pavement. And so you lose a sign. The wind goes down. Somebody hits the sign. That's what you still have to stop for. Everybody knows when they get their driver's license. What that big 20 inch white bar is across the lane. It's a stop bar. Speed limits. Again, several of the, there's lots of T and Ds that we looked at. There were case studies around that different places had the same issue. This is not Maryland, Colorado, several different ones. And they, some of them would speed what they called in entrance improvements. And it was speed limits on the roadway. If the signs didn't work. Also, you can put arrows on crosswalks. It gives the illusion of a speed table, but it's not. It's showing an arrow towards the sidewalk. But again, it makes people slow down. Angle stripe. If there's areas that people should be parked at. We had several when you're looking at the aerial imagery, even though there's ball bouts to show when you're trying. Because there are several things that have been done in the design of the roadway, trying to ball about. And people are parking on the other side of the ball bout and basically blocking traffic from being able to go through. So sometimes you have to state the obvious to some people that you can't park there because now you're going to make it hard for a car to get around. And then turn lane at Paul Frey and Bonan. So this is what we see how they have the arrows that are approaching this crosswalk. And so this is not a raised crosswalk. It's an ad grade crosswalk. But you see the illusion that it gives you your driving at night. It brings a lot of attention for you to slow down in that particular area. Same thing with this one. And you see the sign in the middle of the road alerting the driver and reminding the driver that there are the pedestrian has the right way. That's the sign we're talking about. This is speed bar, the optical speed bars. They can be any link. They can be on the sides. They can be halfway in the road. But there were numerous examples of where they've used them on country roads and in subdivisions, approaches, stop signs. But that's what we're talking about. It's not raised. It is just paint. Many of them went to this. I'm sure you've seen it. I showed the mayor even in Ireland. I saw pictures of where they're coming out around about. People were coming too fast and they literally have slow and stuff like this on it. So it's not uncommon. Whether you want to do slow or you want to do 30 miles in the 15 miles an hour to remind people who are not looking at the signage. This is a stop bar. You can do it with or without the word stop. But again, tells people exactly what they need to do. But you'd be surprised how many people are just blowing through a stop sign. So the recommendations we have at Paul free or crosswalks at Barton Terrace in Bella Vista to align the sidewalks. So again, that people can walk across play signage and striping. Do white lane edge lines parking striping and then the turn lane and Bonet with diagonal striping at broiles stop bars with the stop signs optical speed bars and speed limit striping at the sign entrance. And so here's some examples. So here is where the park area is and you can see the crosswalks that we have on there so that people can see and we would have the signage appropriate. I do believe in a couple of the areas you may have to, you know, we're recommending optical speed bars. It may be something you do at first. It may be something you come back and do. You may have to remind the drivers or do other things to make sure they slow down. But that was areas where people were asking about speed bumps. And I would not want to be those five houses that are sitting there as they have two speed bumps with trailers coming back and forth. But all of their all for those corners with the drainage we would have to adjust. So as you get so again having a crosswalk across what are you there again allowing people we're trying to get people to the park. So let's give the pedestrian the right away to get to the park and not have to play chicken. And here is our intersection of the boils again I saw people blowing that stop sign there at Brawls and Palfrey. But we have that big wide open at Palfrey right there by our commercial businesses. It's just really wide open doesn't give when people come in doesn't give the illusion to make people slow down. So our recommendation with the yellow striping is to have one lane you have one lane on one side and one on the other and then we're going to add a turn lane on to bone. Because a lot of people turn left people who want to turn left getting the middle everybody's waiting to turn right you don't have enough room. And then we're also one of our other drugs a show are also recommending a crosswalk right there we've got that beautiful sidewalk the city is spent money the developer has spent money. But there's no way for you to get across the sidewalk to walk it right there. So that's in essence what we would see that intersection you have a crosswalk people entering in the subdivision see they have one lane stay in your lane you have the left turn lane coming out you have the right turn lane. So again it's an enhancement for traffic flow for pedestrian safety. Lindberg crosswalks at Lake Crest align the sidewalks and signage white lane edge lines park striped parking striping stop bars and then the speed limit striped because we know I mean I think we've heard from is it sergeant mostly now. You know about how people really do not go 15 miles an hour there so there's a lot of parking there again people come in while there might not be many people parked their flying they've got 30 something feet of roadway that they can drive in and they're not slowing down. So and while you're slowing people down I think a lot of people recognize okay there's parking spots right there and so I think there's more parking within this development than people think but when something's not striped some people might be like cannot park there what can I do there it gives you the clear indication as the driver where you can park where you cannot park. And then these crosswalks as you can see we're trying again if we're going to get people from sugar mill pond to that crosswalk on East Milton I need to cross people and so to cross them that's a perfect place so not only to slow people down you've got that school there you've got people maybe walking their kids to principles list parking to be able to get their children and walking so to have cross walks there but then to be able to allow this. To be able to allow them to cross use the sidewalk on the side of sonic to eventually get to our sidewalk on East Milton so they can cross to go to school so again if you want to walk your kids to school I need to give you a safe way to get there not just the sidewalk not just a crosswalk in the middle and then how do you get there. This is just more just and then the center that's not a center line striping that is literally just our stationing and what we used on our for our work that we would do for a contractor so that's not a center line striping it's just edge line and parking striping. So broils crosswalks at the streets along broils again there's a lot of you got sidewalks but then every time you need to cross let's let those pedestrians have a way to get across and get to Lindbergh parking striping on broils and a lot of areas you have parking on both sides which that area of people are really using a higher speed because again they have a very very wide roadway just open to do. So we are recommending some optical speed bars basically at Paul free and and then on the approach with with gone so you see how they're parking on both sides again we measured based upon how far you're supposed to be from an intersection we don't want again if people are parking all the way up to an intersection blocking people from having a clear view so everything we took into account how far you're supposed to be from the back of the street. So we're going to get to a certain intersection so that people can see where they're going. So again you know nothing real stop complicated it's pretty straightforward and then where there isn't and again we stop as you can see we're stopping the parking because that way people recognize there's no designated parking in those other areas. I mean you have this great park once again we want to be able to get people to be able to cross to get to the great park and all of the sidewalks that they have in that area. So here optical speed bars speed limit at that entrance letting people know you're now in sugar mill it's 15 miles an hour you can pass through but you need to slow down. And so again allowing and putting some crosswalks for the connectivity so people from the west side of shore can safely get to the park in the center and can cross and we can slow people down and let them know that the pedestrian has the right of way. So we can see the four way stop at edge mere we can choose to do stop ahead signs or optical speed bars again there's parking there it's very wide people go very fast. Right now that area is still being built out so there's a lot of people that don't slow down thinking I got all this room to move and they use it. And striping to let people know that there's parking on the side and slowing them down with that edge lane. And then optical speed bars as they approach that four way stop making sure and then striping that up until the city center. Got water view again the white lane edge lines the park striping in the stop bars. And there's your Milton crosswalk. So on that one we would have some extra because again we want to make sure to slow people down so there be some extra arrows that again that illusion that crosswalk example that I showed you all what's in black that's where we have to extend the sidewalk so we have to go from the roadway to the sidewalks you have on either side. We have to put a small piece of covert to make that happen in the ditch. But that one would have the button to press to be able to cross just like you do on daytime. So at this point, thank you, Pam. At this point, the only one that I can tell you that we are unless there's objection from the council that we are moving ahead with for certain is going to be this East Milton crosswalk because this is something that we've had conversations and we hope to replicate in other areas around the community. So we're going to move closer to the city hall around like the revive area to get in a traffic from the thousand plus homes that are in copper field across to across Iberia to the sidewalk which will eventually be the linear park and so forth. So that we plan to move ahead with. And tonight I'm not asking the council to take any action on this. I would like for the neighborhood, the development, the developers, maybe have some internal discussion since we're here. I certainly welcome. It's not actionable, but if there's unless there's objection from the council, I would like to hear from anyone that wishes to address the council after the council has an opportunity to comment about it. Clearly, there's maybe some things that you like don't like that may give you pause our intention if we do move ahead with any or all of this would be we're going to request pricing for striping regardless because we have some other striping work that we want to do across our city. And that process of doing some of our refreshments, some of our roundabouts of shimmy metery road bone and road. We want to do someone shimmy metery parkway phase two, like which is key towards south side. So we have other striping work to do. We can add some of this stuff incrementally. We can do none of it. We can do all of it. We work for you guys. Ultimately, when we hear there's a problem, we love the opportunity to try to troubleshoot and solve the problem. I did, you know, I know that I won't speak for the chief, but I do know that I believe they've increased some traffic enforcement within the neighborhood. So perhaps that's enough. But I wanted to share this for to kind of for informational purposes for the council for the residents of that neighborhood. And I'll maybe open it for council questions or thoughts right now, Mr. Romero. I think that's the last one we've been talking about this for years. I feel like Terry have a little something. Are we lower in speed there? Is that how that's happening? Or we're just able to? Well, we're already at 35 now. So originally when we were talking about that, that was back when we went 45 miles an hour. So we're at 35 miles an hour. You can lower it if you want to choose to lower it in that area. But I think, you know, the whole idea is if you have it flashing and you have it signed enough and you have your optical speed bars, I think it's, you know, because Dayton is 35 as well. No, I'm just glad to see it because I know we talked about it for years and it seems like someone who has teenagers sonic is like the place to hang out. And they all go there after every event they come from Shreemupon, the Gulf Street, my neighborhood everywhere. So that's great to see. The only other thing I had to was on oceans and edge mirrors. Is that it's the signs already up and covered. Is that right? Yes. Okay. I've seen people slowing down and actually stopping. So it's going to work. I think it's going to work. Because I've seen people fly through there when it was first opened up. And so I think just the illusion of having those signs that people that are covered. That's a great spot too. But this is great. From my little job. Thank you, Matt. Consulman shop on. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Pam. Great presentation. I see a lot. I was some of the board members of here. I read our neighbors in Shreemupon. I'd like to hear from you all if you don't mind. I've spent a lot. It's a lot to absorb just seeing it for the first time. I get it. But maybe if you don't mind, whoever wants to get up, please come and give us your suggestions and thoughts. Thank you, Mayor. I'll do it. I think you'll probably know me by now. I want to thank you all. I want to thank you, Pam. Awesome. This is, you know, and that's what we're supposed to do. It's just like y'all were bored. We represent our neighborhood. And we're trying, you know, somebody has a problem. We try to find a solution for it. And, and, you know, this is, this is awesome. It's a lot to digest. Okay. And, you know, I think sitting down now that we have this, let us, if we could get copies of it, the presentation so that we can, you know, on our own pace, look at it and see. It's a little bit of history. Four and a half years old. Christmas Eve. I rode my tricycle out into the street. I was at a coma for 12 hours. I'm lucky to be walking because the tricycle handlebar missed my spine by less than half an inch. Punctored lung, head concussion. It's not where we want to be. Okay. And so, one is the person that got hit. Two is my parent mom that's watched it in my neighbor that witnessed it. And I'm sure the lady that hit me had nightmares over it too. So, our neighborhood is different than other neighborhoods. And that we, we want the people sitting on the porch is we want people walk and we like visiting with our neighbors. And that does come at a cost. And I don't think even in our neighborhood that our people really understand this concept, the traditional neighborhood that they don't even realize why this be limits 15 miles an hour in sugar mill pond versus 20 miles an hour and other neighborhoods in young spill. And it's 15 miles an hour because we are closer to the street. Okay. We park on the street. And you know, it only takes a split second for a kid to walk out between two cars and you're not going to see them. And to stop. So, we need to do something to slow people down. I appreciate JP. And that has made a difference. Yeah. I'll mention one little town. Does anybody speed through golden meadow? No. Because you will get a ticket in golden meadow. So, you know, a police presence is just a reminder. And if they stay long enough, then, you know, people in their minds, they go, well, you know what? I'm going to get caught if I do this. So, I need to slow down. And there's enough neighborhoods in young spill to where, you know, maybe one solution would be if he had, you know, a few more officers. They rotated subdivisions, stay a month at a time that it would, it would slow people down. Now, I'm lucky. I'm retired. So, I don't have to be in a hurry to go anywhere. But understand, you know, life's a rat race. People always in a heart. But thank you all so much. You know, for working with us. Yeah. Working with the developer. Yeah. I mean, like I said, we're all trying to find the right solution. So, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Andre. And yes, absolutely. We'll give you the presentation will be public records. So we'll be happy to provide it. Mistindy. Hey, how are you all? I'm a couple of questions, Sam. Um, how free and voting. You said that we would look at adding a turn lane for left. When we just not telling left, there's like, there are 12 in turn so the neighborhood and five or them are roundabouts. Why are we even taking a left out of it? What would that do study wise for the traffic? You can tell people not to turn left. Good luck. No, no, I mean, you got a 40 foot wide roadway. Good, you know, or whatever it is. Good luck telling someone they can't turn it. Right. The difference is there, if you have a dedicated left into the subdivision, it's never going. You have quite a few hundred feet. It's not going to back up to hold anybody. So if it was a left turn that I was adding off of 90 off a bone. That's a problem. That's a problem. But you're in the subdivision. So let the people who want to turn left instead of going around to sit there and let everybody who's turning right, get a lane. Because if I don't do it right now, I've been one of those where I'm trying to turn right to come here from leaving the dentist office. And there's a bunch of people trying to wait to turn left. So, I mean, it's a, you know, you have the room to make it a left. And I think even if we were to stripe it where they can't, people are going to get in there and they're going to turn left or they're still going to get on yours. So, it's very hard without putting a structural device there to, you know, like a, like a triangle which people, I mean, have you watched people by rouses? Like it does no good. So, my thing is, they're going to do it. They're going to do it. So, let's give them a lane to do it. So, let's go around about in the future is built at 92 in Prescott. Then that might be alleviated at that point in time, depending on how it comes out. So, stretch is so much smaller. Yes. Okay. So, that's question one. Question two. What are the oceans from Lindbergh to powdery? Okay. That is a very long stretch, even with the edge line that we're, that is being considered. So, what would the impact of putting a crosswalk of some sort or something from those people who live on, not oceans, broil? I'm sorry. Yes, you did. I was trying to figure out some of the broils. I mean, you know, there's a lot of streets. So, broils from Lindbergh to powdery is a straight shot with, you talked about that. With parking on both sides. With parking on both sides. Even with the edge lane. Right? Those people who live on broils to cross over. What's proposed is go to Lindbergh or go all the way down to powdery. What would be, because that's a long stretch, what would be the impact of putting a crosswalk from broils over one of the intersecting streets? I want the intersection because that is such a long stretch of, I mean, if we want to, I mean, if we can do another, I mean, if that's with, that's not, there's not a problem. That is one of our most complained about lanes. And then sure, obviously, was, I'm glad that you looked at not just powdery park, but getting people to the pond, right? Next question. So, harbor intersection harbor and shore. That is coming around. That's going to come all the way back around and hit oceans. Now, I'm on the right street. What, that's going to be a long stretch also without any, if I read the plans correctly, that's a very long stretch around the pond. That isn't going to have anything. Obviously, the street's not even there yet. But to keep that in mind, because I think that might become a potential spot. Once it is developed. And I know that is coming sooner than later. I think that's a great point. And I think one of the things that we can do, we don't have those plans yet. I'm sure you're referring to the, to the, to the master plan. Yeah. What we anticipate happening there. You know, I think that'd be a great opportunity where we could encourage the design engineer and the developer if there is opportunity to do a traffic. So, yeah. Like similar that's on like Annabar. We did, we did have at least one of those proposed in another spot in the neighborhood. I know I just, I shared it with Lulu and Clayton recently. But, you know, I think we can keep that in mind. Now that we, yeah. We, the regular neighborhood standards, I guess if you will, for our, for our city every 1500 feet has to have something like that. Because Sugarmopan has been governed under traditional neighborhood development ordinance. It hasn't been something that we've really held the development accountable to. But I think it's still a great practice that's worked well in our subdivision regs that we should probably carry over as well. Well, and some of that didn't some of that get resolved with the adoption of the new T&D ordinance that didn't. I don't think some of it with the parking on. Oh, yeah. Oceans commercial parking. That will be straight. In this, that was already part of that T&D change. Okay. Thanks, Pam. Thanks, Miss Dindy. Anyone else wishes to address the council? Hey, how are you, ma'am? I'm Miss Dindy. There's the other Dindy. As an educator for 33 years, I'm very excited to see the crosswalks and all that because it feel like in Sugar Mill pond, the kids would love to walk to school, but it's just not safe to do. So I'm very excited to see the crosswalks to see all this happening if it does happen. All of it happening for the neighborhood to just be filled with the kids on their bikes going to school, going to events, doing all these things that not have to worry about how they're going to get there and how they're going to get back. So I really like this idea and I just wanted to say from the educating educators perspective, not the engineer, but from the educators perspective, I just love this because I feel like it's going to be, it's going to make things easier for kids to travel to go where they want to go, to get to the park, to get to school, to get to the sports, to get anywhere they want to go. I like the whole idea. So thank you. Thanks. Ms. Davide. Thanks, Ms. Demde, I'm glad you still got that. So my son goes to Arca too and I think this is awesome because the community is supposed to be a walkable community. So thank you for all your hard work and Mayor, thank you for taking the time to always talk to us. And thank you JP for being there so quickly to help us with our speed, like Pants Day. And we're in a different type of neighborhood and I think it's, you know, everyone needs to realize that we have so much mixed use, so much commercial and that's why we're getting all the traffic. So as one of the board members, we, you know, we just want the residents to know that we hear them and, you know, we're here. Thank you. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Thank you all for considering that. We live on Montico Bay and that wasn't one that was mentioned and it might be already part of it. But quarter of tabs and work taxes, Lindbergh, it is a hot zone. They come in hot, they turn in hot, everything is hot. Well illustrated. I'm really beat red too. So if we, I love the idea of the crosswalks, but I'm also a big fan, if you already even consider that, the, you know, the speed limit on the road with across anything and everything you are willing to do, I'm open to it apart from the speed bumps with jaw, I just wanted to say that. Yeah, just don't forget about the probably already mentioned the streets, but if you have it, far enough, those, please add those, especially the ones getting. Yeah, thanks Carol. Yeah, and that's a good point because that is a continuation of, of broils and a lot of, in a lot of cases. So, I guess, so anyone else? Yes, sir. Hey, guys, first of all, I want to say thank you to you. Fantastic presentation. I never spoke to you about arcade, uh, arca, and when you visited with the schools, telling them to slow down, it worked. Okay. These guys, thank you. All right, but with that being said, I do want to speak to you about, and I spoke to Simone about this, basically coming off of a highway 92, pulling into Sugar Mill pond, which brings us straight down to our Reboils, right, where those buses turn. They come around our roundabout right there. At Prescott. The roundabout of Prescott. I spoke to Simone about that, and the problem that we have is, I'm up at 330 every morning. Okay, and I do a lot of things between 330 and six. And visiting and watching, I know you said you were out there a few times. We have too much traffic in which you said that the community was built to that to have that type of traffic. Problem that we have is we have individuals and families and buses that are taken shortcuts into the neighborhoods, even though they're not picking up children at that point in time. Is there any way that we can possibly have or instruct those buses to take the long way around instead of putting our kids in jeopardy that that are around that area. And I'm sure at that point in time when you were there, at the 530 mark, we have kids that are sitting out on the side of right there at boils right by the tap room. These kids are coming. I don't speed in neighborhoods, but I can tell you that I can't see them. Okay, I can't see them. And I'm taking my time. I know they're there, but I can't see them. That's all around and that goes all the way down boys. So I'm asking that we eliminate the buses from turning left there at certain time frames. Okay, send them around and preventing them from going down those avenues because it's too dangerous for the children down there. Sure has come down with the buses. JP, your guys have done a fantastic job of patrolling that. I appreciate it, but I do want to talk about the presentation that you did. It was fantastic, but I think we forgot out one thing when you mentioned the mental side of it. Psychie of it is majority of the people that are running the stop signs and repeating in these areas are individuals that constantly are traveling our market, our town, our area. And we're going to be familiarities, right? So I'm not sure that I think that the very good go is going to do good. Okay, and I think it would be fantastic, but I think once we get used to it. It's not going to work as well. So I don't want to. I think incorporating everything is a fantastic, but also think that we need still concentrate on writing big tickets. And letting the tickets ride and handling it from there. I don't want anybody getting hurt on any roads because they're speeding. And the buses, they don't, if they don't need to be there, then why are they there? I understand the connectivity. I understand that. And in these situations, they, they can go around and not put any kids in jeopardy because we don't have a lot of kids that are on the main road except from here, two broils where the, or to the top sugar mill pond. That is where I noticed that a lot of kids with their parents are on the side of the road collecting buses because the buses stop right there. And they're on the side of the road. But when you travel around going towards let, you know, we take 92, we go, we go south and then we turn left and go and run to school. We don't have children along those roads. Okay. So listen to our buses around and try to and try to help our children because it only takes one small child to get away from a parent and every one of us are parents and every one of us had a child get away from us. So that's what I think is possible. Fix that. And yes, you have a question. So at that time, since you're up, I'm not up at three there. So at the time when they're making the left, so they're coming around rolls and they're making basically they're making a left. Is that that same time any traffic backed up on 92 because of drop off that so the net. And at the same time that 92 pulling in, you know, everybody at that point 99% of the people turn right. Okay, coming out of that top when we go, we go right, coming to city hall. 99% of the people do it every once in a while you get somebody on the left hand side. I wouldn't mind you putting the left hand turning lane there. Okay. But that's okay. So the traffic does back up to an extent. Let's say people are polite to buses. Okay, I'll say that so they allow them to turn more and quicker. But I would say average seven deep when turning left. From coming from here. How many buses you would say. How many are how many we. We think I'm going to say at least six to I'm going to say at least six to seven. Okay, and I'm not I can't. Somewhere in that range. So you're saying in that rate less than two numbers. Yes, but more than five. Yes, I believe so. But again, I want to say your conversations with slowing down the buses. Absolutely helped you and I spoke about it. You sending the guys and the guys taking big interest. I saw a regional out there doing measurements where you can have make sure everything's on video. He's done that fantastic. The H away. They're listening. They're listening to us. We give them help. Don't get me wrong. But they're listening. Okay. And I believe Simone has done a very good job of speaking up for us up here. And I believe you guys are listening down that avenue. All that powerful stuff. That's stuff that we've been asking for for a very long time. You know, we've even that crosswalk. I'm not. And let me let me say something. I am okay with the crosswalk. Well, cross from the sonic. But that needs to be lit up like a Christmas tree. Period. Okay. That's just everything in the nutshell. I can. I don't mind having the golf carts on the roads and things that are legal and all that kind of stuff. But. We are a community of consistently running the same roads running the same red lights running the same stop signs speeding down the same roads. So all of these avenues that you have put together. JP has done it with you communicating. It's going to help us. Okay. But you can't let one go. Yeah. Yeah. I just want to tell Mr. Saville. Terry and I had spoken about 92 in Prescott. And he suggested which we I don't know if they're working on. He had suggested no left turn off a 92 into Prescott. Yes. That's beautiful. I wouldn't mind a certain timeframe. Yeah. I wouldn't mind a certain timeframe of limiting that because you go we go to school zones. We have from seven to nine. Okay. Eliminating that and writing the ticket. And that also goes with buses. Yeah. Buses are buses. But they take it around the bout. If you were there, then you saw the roundabout. You saw how they took the roundabout. Okay. Nothing else to say about that. Okay. So in this tearing up the roads that are right there at the roundabout. We have the entrance way from 92 at Shigamopan that's going to hell and back. Okay. These are all things that are there. So I know I've taken. I didn't raise my hand. Wait. I apologize. Yeah. So. Well. I asked questions. Yeah. In your defense, I asked you questions. Okay. Look, last time I was here, I had to raise my hand. We can't limit a bus fully public ride. Now, if your community was gay, you can limit it all you want. But as far as telling a bus, he can't use a public ride away. I don't see that. We can't restrict. I'm asking this and look, you're a lawyer. You're a smart guy, right? I can't say from this timeframe to this timeframe, the left turn. That may be possible. But what I heard from you, what I heard from you is excluding buses from the neighborhood. That we can't do. Now, can we put a turn lane in and alleviate some of that? Possibly. I can understand that. Okay. It's a public road. Yeah. And I think once the roundabout on Prescott and 92, the interest to Prescott, that may be a while because of funding. But that will alleviate a lot of that. But it's possible maybe the no left turn from 92 on to Prescott might help. Well, we also have a problem and we spoke about you spoke about it. And you said that the stop signs are already slowing people down. I'm not going to disagree with you. I believe it's where the ARCHIS school is, where they're putting up the four way. And it has the big stones. And look, I get that the problem that we have there is we're allowing people to stop on that made on that roadway. Okay. They stop and wait in traffic lines. That's where a traffic line is. And no, it's it's I understand, but it's truly at the end of the day. We get in trouble for things. It's not legal. Okay. It's not legal to be stopped on the road. It's not a turning lane. It's not set up that way. It's not anything. There's no there's no hook for them to stay in. There's no lines. There's no nothing. There's no signs. There's no nothing. Right. Right. Come on. Where the four ways stopped going. Yeah. The high school, the middle school uses that to load to load up for parents. The parents stop on the main road. Okay. So you're talking about. You know, even on Savoy. We're talking about. Potions. Potions and age. One of the things that you can't do is to get the police. And I'm not going to work. It's a four. The case of York. Okay. So. That's yeah. That's not going to work either. In the long term, that's not going to work because part now I will say. Only for me. Is. I'm not telling you I was driving looking down. I am going to say that I was driving. And all of a sudden I pulled up on some cars that were sitting on the side of the road. Okay. There's nothing there. I personally don't think that they should be there. This is behind arca Yeah, where we have those where you put in the new stop signs that matter which is unusual because there's four lanes Is that right? I think my life's cool. Keep it a molly There's four lanes back there, but the Elementary and the middle school Typically line up in behind the sports complex parking whether it be the soccer area or the basic area the high school Pick up parents are the ones that are lining up on Edge Mirror going in that way. Yeah, it's it's more of the high school. Okay, so high school pickup It's a high school pick up high school pick up in the afternoon. Yeah, okay, and that's and that's where it is Side up Yeah, so Okay, I'm agreeing with you. Yeah, I'm agreeing with you that's something that I'll We'll look into and probably why we're seeing that more right now. They're high school Enrollments growing that that's where we're seeing the biggest I think growth And that they've had a class bus is picking up children more parents are picking up their children Back and forth I get it I understand and that's part of bringing people in from outside of the community Right, that's just part of you know buses ain't bringing them parents got to bring them on me dad I understand but that still doesn't if I would have hit them Honestly, I called it at the last second. I would I would have thought well, and there's still construction going on there I think we had there's one house that Has the has the dumpster in the street? I mean it's a there's it's a lot going on in that area I was going back to the bus is what buses are you seeing in for me? Is it LPSS or orca? Is arca el Better cut. Let me let me let me let me yeah, so I'm gonna say both of them travel our roads Okay, but I am gonna say arca has done a very good job of slowing down. Okay, I'm not saying to laugh you a pair of school board buses Haven't slowed down. I am gonna say that when I'm big this six six oh five six fifteen so forth and so on they do have a suburban that you can come get on Tuesdays that fly through the major Six something With that's all I got You put a lot of effort into it and we appreciate it. No, we want y'all to be back every aspect of it has to be followed because The part I'm gonna go back and I'm gonna say one more time is to psyche you talked about it Once we get used to it It's not gonna mean anything to us. It's gonna mean something to somebody else. It's coming into the neighborhood But it's gonna be in passing okay, so It could slow them down, but it's not gonna slow them down Once we get there it's not gonna slow me down at the end of the day because I'm used to it Okay, it's just that's what I think yeah, I think we have to do everything together. Oh, it's multifaceted I don't I think we we completely agree. I mean we can't have one without the other Allocated time for the next five meetings So on the six meeting you will be allowed to speak just a A couple a couple thoughts that I have just Well Keith did you did you want to make another point? I realize legally we can't stop buses from using the streets But that doesn't mean that we can't ask the superintendent who lives in sugar mill pond To get control of the buses and think about the kids Okay, and let them do that voluntarily and we ought to not have to tell them or take children Up and going down shore one day and I'm my golf course set for 15 miles an hour, right? So if you run up on me You speeding all right Bus ran up on me Uh School system bus not or I stop I got out the cart I said you need to slow down. I said I can't believe you drive kids around and you driving like this. Oh, I wasn't speeding Okay, so you know, maybe we need to reach out to the superintendent and you know, well Right and he likes to let everybody know that he is the superintendent, right? Well, so A couple things First let me say this in in in fairness and in defense of the superintendent I think he's extremely responsive to everything that I've ever brought to him and I'm happy to do this I think I think one common denominator that we're here and is we have a lot of school traffic because when I hear that we have You know the traffic and all these things my my follow-up question typically is do you notice it's different in the summer or when schools out And I haven't met a person that hasn't unequivocally at that moment said yes, absolutely So it helps define what our issue is a little bit more and in just specific to the superintendent I don't I don't want to speak for him, but I did make arca Ernest Gallette has such a long car queue line Well some funding was just a proof there to build another wing to remove the portable buildings one day I think halian I were walking out of a meeting that the superintendent was with who were walking to our vehicles together And I said hey when you do that renovation there anything you can do to extend that car queue line Because Gallette has has a very big property there It was just in passing in our car It within a week he followed up with me twice on the same thing Which I had no expectation to That he would because he wanted to brainstorm how could how could it be done and how could we do it because ultimately You know that longer car queue line even if it's just for that 15 20-minute period Can help prevent people from cutting through and things like that your neighborhood The intersection that mr. Sevelle is talking about We know that that's an issue Hence the reason that we're about 75% designed on it. We have a traffic circle design there that's going to match the one by shabbles In fact arca when they opened their last build in it was a requirement that they contribute to it and they did So with that said I mean we're working on that we have the right way obtained for it We have talked about interim solutions there. I don't think any of them would be overwhelmingly popular But we have talked about restricting left churns in um Now that's that is something that we can consider it can be at certain times What I would want to know those if we do it there at a certain time where will we see What what effect may that have on other areas, but that's some that's research we can look into There is going to be another Road that's going to be cutting through in that sea island lane When you head home this evening. It's the first It's the first street in sturmopon phase 20 So that road is going to have a left churn lane off of iberia into sea island So anybody that's looking for property on sea island lane Beautiful lots. They're going to be fantastic front loaded But be on notice that that is going to be a street that is going to cut through and it is going to connect Eventually to the back of arca I do think that that'll help long term for there to be some disbursement of traffic there as well but Mr. Cevella every conversation I've had with the with the headmaster at arco She is more than responsive. So we're fortunate to have Her as well as the superintendent that are very dialed in to our community I'll talk to them about I mean my assumption had been that buses and a neighborhood Or for the purpose of picking up or dropping off kids, but you're right It is possible since the school is in the neighborhood. I mean maybe maybe it's an empty school bus You know issue so I'll lean in a little bit, you know more Respective to that I see okay Okay, yeah, so it's it's it's a bus of students that are going through the neighborhood to the school okay And as possible, maybe they're not using the we we leaned in at one point to southside and Pam very quickly told me they're not using it as we laid out and we designed for him I don't want to conflate there issue with this one, but it's possible that maybe we do need to review that a little bit more in depth I didn't have a quit a question from a Sevelle Earlier when we were talking about the people that are I guess parked on edge mere for the high school It does any anyone tell me if at that point Is the queue line that is on the campus of arca full or is it because arca is not letting them on the okay That we need to talk about so again the traffic transportation plan The difference between golet Those people on that line are led in as early as one o'clock The reason we have the issue at the sports complex and everything else is Never in the traffic plan did someone say but oh by the way They're not let on our campus to a certain time. I think we need to have some discussions In how that is used because that is not when it was approved that was not the case There was nothing saying they're gonna stay out in the streets for An hour or whatever so we do need to they they have a plenty long they have a long queue line I recognize they may have to have people out there. I get that But that if imagine if we didn't allow if if lack of power school board did not allow people In that line by golet what that would do to highway 92 and that's I think an issue we can think that's a great point and And honestly frankly, I think if you if if if if it's an operational decision that they don't want to do it Well, they don't queue in the our streets either because you have a solution that you can and that is we spent a lot of time with them Queue in this traffic study So then they stop that instead of you can't get you can't dip in here until a certain time because they were lining up in the queue But then they were going down the street having them line up in the fourth complex They're all there and no one is on the street right on the wall That's how that comes first So we couldn't have Oh entry and The only one is the back I think it may warrant a discussion mayor what I'd like to open up is again and now that they're doing things in place No different than southside I think what happens is the people the way it's being operated today is not the same way you have engineers and you have Contractors and everybody starting it before so it would warrant a discussion to come up with a solution as to how they manage it But how we can manage the traffic I've personally been stopped by a mom While I'm trying to walk on Savuaroid because I wasn't waiting for a kid like out of her car everything all the things So I think it would warrant a discussion for us to sit down because I think I think from an operational we can try to help figure it out And something but that's that's why I wanted asked mr. Sevelle because I'm thinking they're supposed to be queuing up in that in those lanes that they have so great information I appreciate I appreciate the input actually Is Lord rage line up at sports conference Now if I'm looking to buy a lot Yeah, can't tell me by a lot Yeah, so maybe organ these Yeah, we'll pay Yeah, we'll pay yeah, I think mr. Sevelle wanted to say something Between All are part of their own waiting to release their children onto the crosswalk to go to high school and then it pick up and become a bigger issue because there are more parts which I've noticed they are not people living in the neighborhood so I'm not sure how the people are properly confused. So that might be a discussion but we are all lined up on that road. There are our homes, there are some clear tape, people who know high schoolers. We need to do that. We'll get out there and pay them a visit and as you know, as all of you know, I haven't seen ARCA have a problem and they haven't been able to solve. That car rider line appears to be like, you got numbers and lanes and all kinds of stuff. I think if we post to them, I'm optimistic if we post to them the reality of what's happening. I see safety, I see all kinds of stuff over there. Anyone else that's still wishes to address the council? Well, one additional thing I want to say is it didn't come up so as you go back and have the neighborhood meeting and have further discussion about it. One of the observations I have, I don't know that it's a concern. Again, I want the development, the residents to let us know. If we were to take this plan that was just presented to us and enacted fully a pelfry from basically... What if you... Broiles all the way to Shim and Metery would have parking restricted to the one side with the cutouts. So I just want to point that out because I'm very, I was very specific to say, hey, what we're trying to resolve right now is traffic calming. This has one mechanism in conjunction with enforcement. We have an opportunity, should it be the will of the people to address the parking there as well. I know that's a whole nother discussion. My personal opinion, if I was being asked to solve this today, singularly, I would say let's do it in incremental phases. While parking is disruptive to some and that's six and 700 block, it's been a long-standing, allowable tradition that's been there. Yeah, so I just want to throw that out because that's something that you guys need to digest and tell us, I will do whatever is the will of the people. I just know if we implement this, those that are parking on the north side of Pelfry, got to go. This has been a hot topic for a while and I know it came up, I discussed it here with y'all when we were discussing the amendment to the TND ordinance, which was my and my concern was the fire trucks, right? Emergency vehicles getting down Pelfry in that section after riding with the Santa Claus. I rode with the Santa Claus through sugarmob on the fire truck. I cannot think of the name of it right now. Yes, that. And it's tight. I mean, the driver, it's tight and I know Lindy can attest to how tight it is. So when I asked about it, I was told by the developer that it was, they intentionally allowed people to park on both sides to slow down the traffic. But now it's gotten to the point where you can't even, you can't, you can't have two cars there. It's a waiting thing. It's an intersection issue. It's those kind of things. I do know that our community manager had put out for our request about, you know, parking where it is in dinner, which is designated parking. Some of that got pushed back. Some of it didn't. So I think that the incremental adding of this would be very kind to the board because we'll hear it. And I understand. I mean, a lot of people have, you know, the parents and their kids are driving or whatnot. They have more than two cars. It's two car garages. They got their golf cart. And I 100% understand that as a person who parked on the street for six years because the golf cart had the spot. I get it. But at the same time, I think our safety of our neighborhood is is more important. And again, I, I think that that section they were told from the get go. Because most of those residents have been here the whole time. And I think that's part of it is they were told parking on both sides. It'll slow down the traffic. So they're going off of what they were told. And yeah, I agree with you. I agree with what you're saying, which is why I just know for the historical context. I mean, again, it can be that, you know, so. All right. Any other comments or questions? Please. We're talking about parking. So if you want to address that. Every single one, the area that you're speaking, I'm sorry. Where you, where you spoke about the six hundred seven block. That is slender, right? No offense or butts about it. If you move vehicles from the north side, which has parking on that road for for every single home on that road has a vehicle sitting in front of it. 90% of the people that are on that road might be 60 and above. Okay. That's not going to work. Yeah. Okay. Period. Okay. I'm not going to speak for them. I promise you if they look at the meeting, it's going to be all over Facebook. But that is not going to work. I understand. Lindy, I'd lendy Blair. If we would have had a problem getting a fire truck down there, those guys would have already been on top of and told us to move all that. I'm sure that they're they're capable of maneuvering that type of stuff. But we got older people in that neighborhood on that street that don't have the parking inside that garage. Okay. Those are the smaller homes. You ain't getting two cars in that garage. And those are two family homes, two car families and the golf cart. The majority of those are golf cart homes right there too. So I don't know if that will be like that. Again, I just a good point though when you brought up, that's a great talking point. But that's not we'll fight you on that one. Yeah. And and and know that again, this is all scalable. I just that's something that we had not talked about. And I just wanted to make it clear because all right, anything else from members of the council. Mr. Mayor. Yeah. I mean, I know we're not taking action or anything like that. We don't need to. But I just highly encourage the East Milton Crosswalk, the two parks, Carl's St. Crosswalks. And especially in front of principles of lists, I've been down that road when they're dropping off and picking up. There needs to be designated parking there. I mean, I think that would be the thing I would move immediately on those items. I think and Bob, I just want to say sort of the buses and this isn't an excuse for LPSS. But I've got a kid in the system and they have less bus drivers, less buses because they're broken down and they're overloaded. So guarantee the transportation department and party superintendent and school board members don't know that they're cutting through. So it's good that you brought it up because hopefully they can that I guarantee that wasn't the route designated for them to go because there's no pickup through there. If there was a pickup through there, it makes sense. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah, I'm going to attack. I'm going to get on that right away. So I think I opened by saying the only thing that we are moving ahead with is for now is going to be the Milton Crosswalk. It does take time for strippers and all that to get lined up. But the culverts and things like that we intend to probably do in-house. So we'll start looking at that for getting it into the queue. But none of this is going to be overnight. So it's just a matter of, I don't know that we can we'll review our capacity in-house and if not, if need be, we'll start moving on that from outside. And then as there's new developments, new conversations within the development, we'll stay in touch. The crosswalk for East Milton when it goes across, is it just going into grass or are we going to put a sidewalk? No, we're extending sidewalk. I would never put it into that. That's what the drawing is. That's the drawing. There was a black piece on each side and that was the extension of the sidewalk when you were doing it. Just making that it connects to Galette and the neighborhood. Oh, that's a lot more. Yeah, we already have sidewalk on Galette. We already have. So there's already sidewalk there. So we literally just have to cross the ditch on both sides to connect to it. So yes. All right. All right. Well, thank you all great feedback and I'm sure the residents will watch and digest it further and look forward to helping with this anyway we can. And Chief, I'm assuming you'll just you'll stay the course with what you're doing there as well. So yes, sir. All right. Thank you very much. All right. We'll go ahead and move on to Janodum 3.3. Our Lafayette parish council member stands various here this evening and would like to give us an update. Great conversation. It was very solving problems. That's what we do, right? What's that? I do. Great job, family. And citizens coming out supporting. That's awesome. Well, good evening, Mayor council. Citizens. Thank you all for having me today. Today I'm going to briefly talk about the election that's coming up this Saturday. If you didn't know about it, there's two milleed renewals. So these are they have to be renewed every so often. So this is every 10 years and they have to be voter approved. Very, very important to note these are not new taxes or tax increases. This is what we're already paying. There we go. We're getting there. So I want to talk about the two of them real quick. The first one is this going to be on the ballot. Road and bridge maintenance millage. It generates about 12.7 million a year. It will it supports the resurfacing and reconstruction of roads, widening projects, bridge replacements, and even basic maintenance like Moana Long Public Roadways. In short, it keeps our transportation network safe and usable. On the right hand side, you'll see the public health and safety millage. It generates about 10.8 million a year. And this one really supports a lot of services we interact with in ways we may not always see. The drainage, animal shelter, mosquito control, rural fire protection. We've definitely made some progress this year in the last couple of years actually. And still more progress needs to be made. It's not the finish line, but we're doing more. And then also the corner services and public health programs. So these are the behind-the-scenes systems that keep our community safe, healthy, and functioning. So in 2024, the so again, these are already paying this. They're already at work. So in 2024, the the road and bridge millage help fund multiple bridge replacements over $2 million in road overlays and repairs. The public health and safety millage help clean over 67 miles of roadside ditches, invested in drainage improvements, and supported fire protection across the parish. And again, no good. Go forward. Go forward. All right, so this is what you're going to see on the ballot. You can visit LafayetteLA.gov, Backslash Millage, and you can get more information on these millages. Again, hope you can support them. That's what I'm asking today. And really, I want to thank you all for all that you do for our community. And thank you. And if you have any questions. Any questions for Councilman Standsbury? All right. Thank you. Can great see and you appreciate the information. The genitam 4.1 approval of the October 9th, 2025 meeting minutes. All right, a motion by Councilman Rabogiano and a second by Councilman Barraz. Is there any council comment? Any public comment or question? Okay, no comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Yes. Mr. Bulljianno, Mr. Romero, Mr. Nguyen, Mr. Michelle Vynos, motion approved. All right, 5.1 approval of the September 2025 finance report. Motion by Mr. Bulljianno, second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment or question? Any public comment? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on 5.1. Mr. Bulljianno, Mr. Nguyen, Mr. Nguyen, Mr. Champagne, Mr. Sparrez, Mr. Romero. All right, 6.1 request for preliminary pletip approval of the resubdivision of track G1C, in portion of track 8, until out 1, 2, and 3, a residential subdivision for Schmidt properties LLC located section 1, T 11s, R4E. It sees that Mr. Noelle doing it. All right, Mr. Noelle, welcome sir. Good evening, Mayor and Council. I'm visiting you a preliminary pletip to create a subdivision for Schmidt properties. As mentioned earlier, it's currently two existing lots that go to open bus time company. They go to burden the one and then space them out into free individual lots for residential use. There have been multiple versions of this pletip to City Young's Bill and after a furrow study, we do recommend that we accept this recent pletip with some public additions. For those who don't know, this is a long-term medley road in between Anselm Drive and Wildrose Lane. You have an idea where it's at. And there's a very thin stretch of land that can access these lots. A dedicated ride of passage. We do recommend that this ride of passage doesn't complete any drainage easements or any green space. There's also a few minor little description. It should be solved. There's also some extra notes need to be either edited or removed. And with that, open the council for feedback. All right, is there any comment or council comment from the members of the council? I think it's a Mr. Carter here. Mr. Carter, would you wish I addressed the council, sir? Mr. Nile. Just for memory purposes, I believe they came before us as a group of friends who had bought this land and then they just want to be able to build their forever homes on these lots. I think that's what we brought. Yeah, maybe can do somebody, I think that's a good question. We've heard this before, so maybe just for context, Pam or Gary, maybe you know, remind the council what's the difference now? Well, when they when they first came before you, it was before for to get some clarification and variances before, yeah, for the road. Yeah, that's what they were asking for at that point in time. As they submitted different preliminary plots and adjusted based upon that and then adjusted based upon the requirements, we've been reviewing those internally and this is the first time that we actually bring the preliminary plot to you guys. But before they were asking, they wanted they were trying to cost estimate what they could do whatever before they did that. So this is the first time they actually come to officially plat it, but yes, you are correct. Okay. There it's three it's three individual families that want, but by our definition, that is a subdivision. All right. And does and does require regulations. Thanks Pam. All right, Mr. Carter. Yeah, we're just here to answer public at anything on it to address anything. Okay. Thank you, sir. Let's see. Councilman Shampa. Motion to approve. All right. There's a motion by councilman Shampa second by council member Romero. This is a public hearing. So anyone that wishes to address the council may do so. Is there any council comment? Anyone wishing to address the council? All right. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote for the approval of Shamedh properties LLC. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Yes. Ms. Bares? Yes. Ms. Volgiano? Yes. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. All right. Other business agenda 7.1. Bid review for Highway 92 improvements. I know this is a late entry of the details into your packet. Pam can go over the details with you. I'll also tell you that we opened the bids yesterday. Two bidders. I think she summarizes it really nicely there for you in the letter. Yes. I mean, this I think along and short of it, I think it's one of the least expensive projects we've done, but it's making the mayor more excited than the water treatment plant. Let's just put it that way. And this is for the two left turn for the three left turn lanes that we are doing. As interim improvements along Highway 92 to facilitate those left turns into center saw cell and onto a St. Blaze and the opposite direction that sometimes we all get stuck behind. So we had two bidders. Our original engineers estimate was 500, 7,000. Our low bid was Glen Lajay construction with 527,000. So as that is $20,000 over 4% that's within what we would believe is acceptable. Should the council we're recommending you approve it. I don't think if you rebid it or if we there's nothing we can take out the lanes or is we're already confined with what we have. So our recommendation is to award for the $20,000 difference. I'm at 20,000 not millions. Councilman Shampa motion to approve. All right. Let's see now we do have there's a memo at your seats. You will need to amend the budget additionally. Today. And motion. Also motion to amend the budget in the amount of $50,000 for the total project costs. All right. Thank you. Ms. Shampa. Is there a second? All right. Second for councilmember Nylon. Any council discussion? Yes, Mr. Romero. Let's see. One second, please. Is this including the sidewalk from Agave area to a delta? No, this is not included. Because you said St. Blaze is. Yeah, this doesn't have sidewalk and this is just a turn lane. Okay. Yeah, this is to no expansion of the road. Where are we doing? You're saying you're doing a left turn lane into going into St. Blaze. In front of Cedar Hills or there's it's we have to it's turn. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So we're expanding the road, right? Yes. And color. Okay. Are we going to look at that potentially by other words? Or the sidewalk? Yeah. Thanks for covering the ditch. I know we talked about that a long time ago. Oh yeah. I'll look at it. Yeah, if there's enough room there. I mean, I'm not definitely not opposed to it. I mean, we have sidewalk on the other side. Part of what dominoes the storage facility. Some of that does. But then it doesn't when you get to coastal climate, there's nothing there. All right. Yeah, because there's no ordinance at that time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then was it AutoZone? I think they have AutoZone. They do. So I mean, it's a small stretch. That's all I'm asking. I know that. Yeah. Awesome. Thanks. Any other comment? Anyone wishing to address the council? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Neillin? Yes. The Shantai. Yes. Mr. Burrino? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council will get to work on that. Hopefully that's the first quarter project. Three left turns. I think that'll be well received. 7.2 bid review for the Longline Road extension. The Southern East West Connector. Jim and I agree. I've roadway improvements. This is for phase one. This is largely for I have a I do have an illustration here if anyone on the council wishes to see it. It's basically reconstruction of the existing road from Dayton to just shy of the of the sharp 90 degree churn. And then it picks back up on the other side of the 90 degree churn and goes to Giyot Road. Correct. We're saving that middle section for a future phase phase two. We're still in the process of some right away acquisitions there. This project or both projects, I should say, the one that you just approved. And this project are both 80% funded through a state capital outlet grant that we received. Mr. Mayor. Motion approved the bid for a Longline Road extension. With the amendment to the budget in the amount of 305,000 for total project costs. All right. Thank you. Second. All right. Miss Shumpbine. Seconds. Any council comment? Any public comment or question about the scope of this project? All right. If there's no public comment, Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Miss Shumpbine. Yes. As far as Mr. Bullgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. And do you recall, and do you recall offhand like how many contract days were on these projects? 270, which we know that turn lanes won't take a Shemet Agriab. We don't think either one they were given 270 mostly because of what we know what weather we're coming into with the first of the year and with different other road closures and making sure that not knowing and not knowing who the contract would be, but now you have the same contractor. Yeah. We'll have to be strategic, particularly on Shemet Agriab, because that will involve some road closures on that project when we do get there. So we'll try to look at that in relation to some of the other projects that we have going on. But the one, but 92 is going to be with under traffic. Yeah. So my recommendation because of Shemet Agriab using being used by sugar cane farmers until I don't want anybody to touch that until after we know the farmers are done with moving because it's not like there's an alternate route. We don't want any of that in our subdivisions. So we know that that'll kind of get a late start on 92. We'll sit with the contractor, what we don't want. And I hate to say these two words, modify, operate, what we don't want is anything on 92 that could disrupt or be under construction. We know the parades early. So we're going to accommodate all of that. But by the time they get their structures, get their things in. So I would anticipate and what we're going to encourage on the two is to start on that project first. If they have a crew, if now it's different crews so they can do drainage on one with the other one. But what we are trying to do is not have all of them under construction at the same time. So we are coordinating with La Riviera Road and a fortune road would be opened by that time. So we know fortune roads going to be opened by that time and then we'll focus. But our focus is to get in and do 92 as quickly as possible while allowing cane farmers to steal you, Shamei Agriab. And then get in on Shamei Agriab at that point in time when before the cane farmers start again in October, we want to be in and out before they start needing it again. All right. Thank you, Pam. I see agenda item 8.1 resolution 2025. 25 resolution authorizing the middle of water sector program phase 2 grant application, approving local match and interning to agreements associated with engineering services. It's a motion by councilwoman Barraz and a second by Mayor Putten, Volgiano. Is any council comment or discussion, any item, any public comment or discussion? Okay, this is an additional grant that that we're seeking to further extend water improvements that throughout the community. All right. There's no comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Balgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Neillin. Yes. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Motion approved. 8.2 resolution 2025.26. The resolution of the city of Enzo declaring movable property is surplus. And further authorizing disposal and accordance with state law motion by Mr. Volgiano's. There's second or actually I'm sorry was I left over from last? No. No, it's good. All right. And a motion second by Mr. Romero. Any council comment? All right. Any public comment? All right. There's no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Neillin. Yes. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Motion approved. 8.3 resolution 2025.27. A resolution requesting financial assistance from the state of Louisiana under the fiscal year 2526 local government assistance program and community water enrichment fund program. Councilman Shampai makes a motion. The second by Councilman Barraz. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? I can skidry please call the vote. Mr. Neillin. Yes. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Susan. Are we Susan? Susan Pam. Any council announcements will take from there? So are anyone from anyone from my right? Yes. Yeah. Literally. All right. Hey, Susan. So for the wastewater treatment plant upgrade, we're getting shop drawings from the contractor so that they can place equipment orders. They don't really want to mobilize until they know the equipment's coming in. It's disruptive. The water plant will probably like 99% complete now. They're working on the automation of the the controls of the elevated tank. They're getting the generators operational, the one at the plant and then the relocated one from well seven to well nine. So they're getting that done probably this week. The sugarmobot upgrade we finally do have a route we met with tried and the developers and so we're going to get that underway. We're working on the Gulf South pipeline agreement and we're going to be working on the servitudes should be minimal servitudes because the route that we chose. And then pump station five we're trying to finish that up and we'll just wait for funding. Music to my ears when I hear minimal servitudes. Thank you. Thank you. Any questions for Susan related to the projects. All right. A lot of progress on the on the utility system. So thank you. And yes, we are at the finish line with the water plant. We made a decision just to. Typically delay the expansion of our service area because we were waiting for the waiting for gas lines to be extended to our generator. That's on the site. So in the event of a power failure, we have a natural gas generator. So we thought it was incumbent on us to wait until the full emergency power back up was online before we start expanding the service area. But all right, there's no questions relative to the utility projects pan anything when you're in. Hi 89 going smoothly. I'm sure everybody seen they put in the select fill and then there'll be soul cement. We do have our plans ready for phase one A, which is to get it that do the transition that goes towards a Russo road. We do have the plans and we have our cost estimate and a cost estimate from the contractor. I'm going to meet with the mayor so we can go over all of those. We made some modifications per your request and to see if that's something we want to amend to their contract as they're getting closer to that phase. So the fortunate part of it they were doing concrete for their their drainage transitions today. They'll be doing that and then you'll start seeing the select fill and soul cement has been coming in for that area. The Riviera road they're going really well. Close to the Thanksgiving holiday. I think when the kids are out of school. The intersection of Almanaster the east side of Almanaster we need to lay pipe to cross Almanaster so that intersection during the during school time will probably need to be closed for that week for them to lay. We're not going to disrupt school. It may even happen after school. That's out that Friday. Is there a is there a game the Friday before Thanksgiving? Oh, I don't watch football. That's why I ask. Okay. Well, keep me posted. Yeah. Okay. So keep me posted. If there's no games. There's no home game. Then they may close it after all kids are dispersing everybody's there because they may work the Saturday. If the weather's good, they might work the Saturday so that they can make sure to get it done before the Thanksgiving. So I did they wanted to do it before and I said we had to wait till school was out but they're moving making that much progress on the east side. So they'll be trying to finish up that east side quickly before doing any road closures for the bridge repair. I get it couldn't how long does that go I mean there could be potentially another game after that home. Home game next Friday. And then after that it depends on top seed or not if they lose or win. So we it could be an away game that we can. Okay, just let us know if for some reason between that Saturday and the day before Thanksgiving. I mean that's what we're trying to plan for them to lay those couple of pipes and those inlets. It should only take them two days. But every time we say something's two days, it never takes two days. Can they do it the week ago when they're out? Well, that's the plan is so you only have that Monday. So the Monday Tuesday and Wednesday most contractors take off the Thursday and Friday. So yeah, so what I didn't want is for something to not be finished on Wednesday and kids report back to school on Monday. So my suggestion was if you need to work the Saturday and Sunday to facilitate it, can you do that and the contractors say yes. But if that has any impacts to the football, that's why I wanted to wait. That's why I asked. Let us know, but that is the current plan is for them to try to get in and out of there. And it's literally just to lay that so it's that part of the intersection that just won't be able to be used. Okay, we'll keep in touch as that progresses phase one a for everyone's benefit of 89 that's from heart to farm to basically ambassador. That's the transition of where the current project ends. And can we want to maximize the ability to have all the lanes as open as we can to ambassador if we don't do this next phase of work. So the taper will have to start back sooner towards ambassador or I'm sorry of the existing project will have to start tapering. So you don't get to utilize all of the lane that you're actually paving. If you don't do the transition. Yeah, but some of the work that we're doing. So that's the next phase that we're doing. All right, there's no questions about the Riviera 89 fortune. Any council announcements? Welcome to you. Miss champagne. I just want to it's not an announcement that I would like to congratulate council and Nylon on his new little bundle of joy Juliet. I think she was born like the day after you left here. Last month. I'm glad you're right. Had her work in today at the at a ribbon cutting block and off traffic. Yeah, thank you, Miss champagne. Mr. Nylon. And it's not an announcement, but it is from my wife. I just want to wish her a happy anniversary. It's tomorrow. So five years. It's an important announcement. Yeah. All right. Thank you, sir. Mr. Marra. First, I know we got a couple veterans happy veterans day. It's very important. Your service we appreciate it. Yes, Southside is playing the first home playoff game in the very new stadium on Friday. 7 p.m. We take on a prairieville paracans. They are schooled as only around I think two years now. So it's very important if you want to come see some great high school football come out. I think you're right. I think it's really important to be able to play a game in the home. And then from there, you just kind of kind of see the bracket. Great team, though. Great environment. I know y'all have been out of a couple of times. I think we all wish for for so long. And now we have that in our community. I think it's going to be great over the next several years to growth that we've seen that area. So glad you had to see our work and so well with him. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you. I'm going to be a kitty and veterans alliance is having a battle the branches. Solve alternative and then a home run derby next Friday and Saturday. You'll be able to witness myself council in N Island and council stands bearing. Song about and either with air may contact them. I'm not really sure which one's going to happen, but it's an honor to be able to participate in this event. It's for a great cause raising money for our veterans. And that'll be Friday at 6 p.m. the 21st and then Saturday. They'll have a solve alternative to follow the second day. I'll bring out the family and come in as a good time and don't I take great calls. All right. Thank you, sir. Be remiss if I didn't add that young civil middle has did a phenomenal job with their with their football team. In a year where the college and the saints haven't really been all that to see. Thank goodness for our local sports. Youngsville middle got the great opportunity to play at the dome last Sunday and they did have a win against St. Martinville. I'm very proud of them. And in fact, chief and anyone that wants to be involved. We are making some initial steps. Maybe do something nice parade or something. So we need to connect on that to see what we can work out for them. And the only other comment that I have that I want it to bring up and then I'll open it up to our team. If they have any comments is about Marty grow. Marty grow is February 14th. Marty grow up parade in Youngsville, February 14th. We have as typical for us we have started the conversations about planning that. We are taking the road projects into consideration. Be variable this year. That's different is South La Riviera road. While it's restricted to one way south today. We fully anticipate that around the time of the parade that it's going to be completely restricted because of the two. In the last three days of the week. And that's a big risk. That we're going to be able to just bring our two bridge crossings. And regardless, even if it is still in the condition it is today, it's no condition for floats to be passing down. So we are factoring that into the route. For the. Marty grow up parade on February 14th. I say that cautiously, but I say that cautiously because we are doing it with safety in mind. Please contact me and let me know soon. I will tell you that the only potential change to the route may be just a reversal of the existing route, same route, just a reversal of the existing route. We're just going through parade day logistics that don't necessarily involve the exact parade route, but more so how the floats enter and exit the community, how they line up before the parade and how they're dispersed after the parade because there's a lot of work that goes into that outside of just the actual parade route itself. So if there is any modification to the route, it would be a reversal on the same route. But again, I'm saying this with enough notice to the public to where if there's opinions or strong feelings, we'll certainly weigh that in, but safety's ultimately going to make the decisions there. So anyone from the team, Terry, Catherine, Haley, you've waited so patiently. So, I'm sorry. Yes, ma'am. All right. I just wanted to, if any of the restaurant owners are listening, November 18th, you should have received an email or someone on your team whoever I've got contact info for, should have received an email. We are having a meeting to discuss a few different topics. So November 18th here in the council chambers, we are going to be having that restaurant meeting. If you have questions, don't hesitate to contact me. I'd love to know that you're coming. So please RSVP if you can. Couple things going on with the chamber. Tomorrow is the Chamber's golf tournament at LaVochasse. So I believe we could still take some registrations for the golf tournament. If I think there's a couple spots still open, so if you have a team, wanna come out and place some golf, it'll be a beautiful day. Come join us out on the course. Also, on Saturday, we are doing a new event. It is going to be a fashion show taking place at La Solay. So we have all of our boutiques that will have models walking the runway, displaying all of their ball fashions and beyond. So please come and support our boutiques and come and check out the fashion show at La Solay. Tickets are available on the Chamber's website and should be available at the door. Thanks to our Couture presenting sponsor, McBade, Engineers and Consultants, first stepping up for that. Also, shop the Suite Life is coming on the Saturday after Thanksgiving, November 29th. Please make sure to get out and shop local here in our community. It always follows Black Friday. This is in conjunction with Small Business Saturday. So I encourage you get your Christmas shopping done early. Don't do it on Black Friday. Don't do it on Small Business Saturday and shop the Suite Life here local in Young'sville. You'll be able to pick up your Suite Life card at any of the locations participating. More information on the Chamber website. Also, December 4th, we have our leadership Young'sville Class 6, which is going to be graduating. It is going to be at Sebal, Crawfish. No Crawfish is not being sold there. We are just using the venue. But we'd love for you to come out and support our leadership graduates from Class 6 who have been working very hard all year to learn about Young'sville and how it operates. So also following that is the Chamber Social. So Chamber members, please sign up. Come to the social. We would love to see you there. And then I know we already talked about it, but just a reminder, December 13th, Christmas under the stars. Please mark your calendars. Please come out, show your support to all of our sponsors that are going to be out there, including Bonne Hall and First Assembly who have put in a lot of work to make it happen. So we look forward to seeing you there. Thanks, Hayley. Chief Revedt, Chief Brussard, anything? He brings over 40 years of law enforcement experience to the department. Would you like to say a couple words as well? Yes, sir. You still have my thumb, Chief. My name is Kenneth Newyama, new, your new assistant chief of police. I come to you with 42 years of experience of law enforcement, 33 years with the Lafayette Sheriff's Office in nine years to be offices of the State Firemore. Excited would be an understatement of how I feel taking on this new adventure and mission. To be a member of a growing police department linked with this being one of the fastest growing cities in Louisiana, will definitely be a humbling challenge. Having been a past dairy instructor and police academy administrator, a top priority will be up to date training of police personnel that will ensure we maintain the quality growth and serve the needs of the city of Young'sville. Prior to three days ago, I wanted to end my introduction to you there. But I have read a post from a former elementary teacher that she was proud of me. I have been a mentor and trainer of over 1,000 police officers. I can just imagine what type of pride felt because I was not her best student by no means. But probably one of her most memorable. So to Ms. Gail Sabwa, thank you for the kind words. I would like to thank Chief Rousard for this opportunity. I would also like to thank Mayor Ritter and CFO, Catherine Greg, for working with the Chief Rousard to make this happen. To the Council, I look forward to working with you. I will work hard to earn and uphold the trust through dedication, integrity, and service. Once again, thank you for this honor. Together, we will make a difference. Mayor, I want to permission to approach. I have a book that I found in my mother's library after she passed away. Inside the book, it is from Young Zool High School. It's dated 1930. So the old building that I went to, which would be a new building back then, because it was built in 1929. So this is a new book from the old building. And I'd like to present to you, I talked to Ms. Glanda yesterday. And she said that she could put it in the history museum. So I will be honored to accept it on her behalf. So wow, thank you. Congratulations and welcome aboard. So happy to have proud to have you. Wow, this is very cool. So yeah, I know I feel like I need to have. This reminds me of when we were codifying all of our ordinances. Remember that summer? We actually had gloves holding the first ordinances from 1908. But where you couldn't tie up your horse, but it was very delicate. So. So. It's a help book. I'm not sure who the teacher was back then. I wasn't at school. That's incredible. Well, thank you, sir. Any other business for the council? Is there a motion to adjourn? All right. Motion by Mr. Ballgiano, second by Mr. Romero, all in favor. All right, meeting adjourned. Thank you all so much and have a great evening. Only for the only one for you, sir. No, I think.