 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you We're ready. All right. Well, good evening, everybody. And welcome. Today is September 11, 2025. We invite you. Are we welcome you to the Youngsville Municipal Building? This evening, our invocation is going to be led by Pastor Andy Tribe. And then if you remain standing, our pledge will be led by our mayor pro tem, Paul Gianna. Pastor Walton, sir. Thanks. I'd like to just take a moment to remember where you were 24 years ago on this day. And just remember what happened that day in the lives that were lost. I lost for there at 343 firefighters. I was at a laffitt fire station and surrounded by brand new firefighters looking at me like, is this going to happen here? Just take a moment with that and when they will pray. Heavenly Father, we come to you today, God to remember this day, Father, the things that happen this day, Father, let us never forget that God. We lift the families that are still mourning. Love ones lost this day 24 years ago, God. Now, Father, with the things going on in our nation, Father, we don't even know where to start to pray. God, we lift it all up to you, Father, for the Kirk family, for the school shooting in Colorado, Father, for the other things going on in our nation, Father. We trust your will be done in each one. God, I thank you for the freedom that the mayor and the council has given us as local churches to come together at City Council meetings and pray, Father. Such an unusual thing in today's world and we thank you and we thank them for that, God. Lift this time up to you, Father. I'm just glad to see that Mr. Earls family here, God, and I just pray for them as they still mourn the loss of a loved one, Father, just a awesome person that's been many, many years in this community, God. We love you and we lift this meeting up to you. We pray this in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. I'm going to use this to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, in New Year's rule, with liberty and justice for all. Pastor, thank you. Mr. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Perez is absent tonight. Mr. Gianno. Here. Mr. Romero. Mr. Aril. Ms. Shelfon. Here. Council, before we move into the business, I just have a couple of brief announcements. First, I want to acknowledge us on the Sandra Keel here. Where's she sitting? Oh, in the back. She's standing. I'm asking you to keep the keels in your prayers, Ms. Sandra's father had a medical incident this week. He's doing okay. He's recovering at a local hospital. But I want to take the opportunity to acknowledge the Young's O'Fire department. They were the first ones that responded on the scene and were able to revive Mr. Keel, chest compressions and the whole nine yards. So nothing but prayers to you and your family, family, Sandra. I'm surprised you're here with this this evening, but I know you don't like missing a meeting. And in just a special thanks to the Young's O'Fire department, the shift that was on, we're able to get there really quickly. I think Chief told me he thought it was about two or three minutes. And if you live in Young's O'You know that typically in most cases, not always. It is the Young's O'Fire department that responds first in a medical emergency, although a cadien was shortly there behind. So keeping in our prayers, Ms. Keel. Also, Council this evening, I'm requesting that you consider tabling two of the ordinances that are up for final adoption this evening. So there's an ordinance of 5.1 and the ordinance, I'm sorry, a gen item 5.2. So those ordinances 4.98, 2025 and ordinance 503, 2025. And then finally, since we have a lot of guests here with us, I was going to ask if the, if there's no objection from the council, I'd like to maybe skip ahead to agenda item 8.1 under resolutions. I think I'm going to take one five point one five point two. Okay, to do that now Nicole, are you on a way to the item? Okay. All right. Just because I know she's got her script. So it could be done, but we don't want to, we don't, she don't want to put her out of order. All right, resolutions, a gen item 8.1 resolution 20, 25, 21, a resolution recognizing the distinguished service of the late Earl Minard and naming the Young's Police Department Patrol Center as the Chief Earl Minard Patrol Center. Tonight, as everybody knows, and as most of our audience is here for honor and a leader that shaped the culture of the Young's Police Department Chief Earl Minard. His steady hand, his calm judgment and his deep love for the community helped build a department known for professionalism, for compassion, and also for service for mentoring young officers to showing up for families in their hardest moments. The Chief Minard led the way with integrity and humility, the standard he set to treat people with respect, do the right thing even when no one's watching and always put public safety first still guides the Young's Police Department today. It's fitting that the building where our officers often begin and in their shifts will carry his name by dedicating the facility is the Earl Minard Patrol Center. We are reminding every officer who walks through those doors of the example he set and of the trust this community placed in him. To Chief Minard, to his family and to the men and women of the Young's Police Department. Thank you. Certainly grateful for your service. And I'm proud to have this before the Council for their consideration tonight. So I'll read a resolution that was prepared by Nicole and then I'll give the Council an opportunity to comment if they'd like. So resolution recognized in the distinguished service of the late Earl Minard and naming the Young's Police Department Patrol Center as the Chief Earl Minard Patrol Center. Whereas the late Earl Minard faithfully served the citizens of the City of Young's Police from January 1st 1987 through December 31st 2014. And whereas during his years of service Chief Earl Minard demonstrated unwavering dedication integrity and commitment to the betterment of the community. And whereas in recognition of his exemplary public service and enduring legacy, the City Council of the City of Young'sville deems it fitting to honor Chief Earl Minard by naming the Young's Police Department Patrol Center as the Chief Earl Minard Patrol Center. Whereas the patrol center is located at 304th Street and currently serves as the hub of patrol. Now therefore be it resolved that the City Council of the City of Young'sville Parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, does hereby recognize the distinguished service of the late Earl Minard in naming the Young'sville Police Department Patrol Center as the Chief Earl Minard Patrol Center. Be it further resolved that a suitable marker or plaque shall be placed at said building, designating its name accordingly. Be it further resolved the copy of this resolution shall be forwarded to the clerk and recorder of the parish of Lafayette for a recordation and the conveyance records of set office. And be it further resolved that all resolutions or parts thereof in conflict herewith are hereby repealed. So we will entertain a motion to move forward Councilman Romero makes a motion and Mr. Nile and seconds Councilmember Romero. Were there any comments I guess I should say from the Council I know that was a mouthful. And let me just say these remarks I can tell you are shared the cinnamon is shared by everyone up here. Let me give credit where credits do it was Councilman Romero that brought the idea to my attention he shared it with me he shared it with his colleagues and of course he you haven't had the opportunity to to work with Chief Minard as a young Councilmember thought it was extremely fitting. So it's fitting that each one of you are here and I've also loved one recently too and this one never take the pain away. But what it does is it provides a place for you to mourn visit and tell all the great stories that we probably only know a fraction of. This man gave more than anybody that I can think of in this community not just as a public servant but as a person with B.O.A. with all of his fundraising and everything he did over the years. My wife and me remind she reminded me in 2014 when I decided to run first of all how crazy I was. But then the first time we walked streets and we showed up to more of us for lunch and all of a sudden all the men are showed up. And Lord do they show up. I told Kaylen, my fondest memory is Miss Chief Earl come on a retard table sitting down with me in Jennifer and just giving us advice. So the next Saturday was going to more vans again and the next Saturday next Saturday. It was a tough election. He was a tough man. I think anybody could have thought let's do something for him and this is a group effort in a collaborative the mayor of the council, the chief. It's truly fitting to do something for someone who I feel his own a pedestal. I thought the world in this man. Every time I saw him, it didn't matter what was going on, shook my hand and gave me a little advice. But for us to dedicate a place where not only y'all can visit but future officers and citizens can go and learn more about him and what he was about. I think it's fitting. So I look forward to that day when we get to go over there and dedicate it. And again, I appreciate y'all allowing us to do this as well. Mr. Bulljohn. You know, while this meeting and I felt this moment could be a moment of sadness. I just feel it's a pride. You know, growing up in this community, I'll live in one of the first divisions here. And when I would ride my bike to the youngs and middle, we could back it up further to green tea. It was always an Earl and Mr. Lifey at the time would be the crossing guard. And he would always sit at the corner with us at the four way stop before school after school. And when we were ride from Beacon Village, he would always put your right behind us on our bikes and make sure we made it home safely. Whether we stopped at Momos for a snack or a snow cone, he was always there. Growing up, you know, I had Earl and Mayor Lucas and I were, you know, the two biggest role models we had in this community. And I felt they both set the standard as far as not just being a city leader or an advocate for the community, but just a good person in general. And I couldn't be proud to have grown up in a generation where we had them a part of my life. And then to be here today to dedicate this building to him. You know, the standard has been set for the Young Soul Police Department. I think generations to come as officers come and go. I felt like there's a standard that we had that he has set and I hope that we can obtain that level. I don't think anybody is going to match Earl's selflessness, but the Menorah families attendance tonight just shows fractions of the volumes of how much he meant to everybody. I don't know if you can find the family, but the community as well. So I'm sad to not have him here today, but I can't help but feel how excited this moment is to be dedicating a building to him in his name. So thank you all for coming. And then there's anything obviously that we can do. We're always here for you all. Thank you. All right. So there was a motion and a second from the city council. Is there anyone else wishing to wish in to Miss Salma? Would you like to? Yes, ma'am. Thank you, Mayor. This is really a hard night for everyone. However, it is a joyful night for our city and for the family. Because to see how well received Mr. Earl always was, I was not a lifelong resident of Young'sville, but Mr. Earl always made me feel like I was at lifelong resident of Young'sville and part of the family. So I can't thank you all enough and thank you for the love that I have for your day as well as the entire family. I did. I was able to work with with y'all. And I remember campaigning when the family really came together and helped me walk the streets. And Mr. Earl was just always there. And so we all. So I'm very proud to say that I knew Mr. Earl for a short period of time, the last ten years in his family. And that there's always will always be a place in my heart for all of you as well as Mr. Earl. But thank you. Thank you all for his service and for y'all service. And I really look forward to the dedication of the Patro Santa. Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Champagne. Is there any public comment anyone wishing to address the city council? Yes, ma'am. Come on. Come forward. All right. Not used to this. Okay. To the steamed members of the city of Young'sville, Mayor, City Council, Chief Bruce Ard, Chief Revet, and the Young'sville Police Department. On behalf of my entire family, we want to express our deepest gratitude and profound appreciation for the immense honor of dedication of the Patro Santa in our father's name. This gesture is truly a humbling and moving tribute to his life and service. Our father dedicated his life to serving and protecting the community and body and the highest idea of courage, integrity, and compassion. I believe deeply in the mission of law enforcement and always strive to make a positive difference in the lives of others. He often spoke of the thin blue line, not just as a job, but as a calling, a sentiment echoed by many who serve. This dedication not only honors our father, but also serves as a powerful reminder of the unwavering commitment and sacrifice made by all the brave men and women of the Young'sville Police Department. We know that under the uniform is someone's loved one, performing a tireless job, and we deeply appreciate the dedication. The naming of the patrol center and his honor ensures that his legacy of service, his unwavering spirit, and his profound impact on our family and community will be remembered and celebrated for generations to come. We are incredibly proud of his service and the department's continued dedication to upholding the values he's cherished. Our family will forever hold the Young'sville Police Department in the highest records and offer our unwavering support. Thank you for this incredible honor and thank you for keeping his spirit alive. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you. Any other comments from the public? Yes, sir. Would you hit your button for me, please? Yes, sure. Sit down. Okay. All right, sir. I'd like to thank the Menorred family for letting Chief Menorred stay around and work with us. It was an honor to work with them, the camaraderie, the joke and around. It feels funny when he had come in the office. He'd say, hey, Chief, I was like, how's he going, Chief? I said, you're the real Chief. Joking around, taking his advice, he'd always be willing to give me advice. There's no playbook by this job. But with his support and help, it made it a lot easier to transition. And I'll forever honor and cherish his memories. He was a great man. Thank you all. Thank you, Chief Roussard. Any other comments? I'll achieve. Anyone else? All right, with a motion in a second in public comment, complete. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Shalvan? Yes. Motion approved. It's perfect. It's done. We've seen our favorite president do this often. I don't know how to even recommend doing this. It might be better if we do the... You go in the crowd. It might be better. I don't know. Yeah. Are you serious? I don't know. May as well. It'd be a first. Yeah. I don't know. Thank you. Any body that wants to be a nature, make it to the side which I think is best. Well, the yoke, the yoke is safe. See you there. Maybe... I don't know. Everybody, I guess, stay in and gather. I don't know. I don't know what's the best way to do this. No, any? No, any? No, any? No, no, no. Y'all want to do... I mean... Y'all may enjoy to this meeting. Yeah. That's what I was going to say. I wanted to get on it, but I think I'm not going to... Tell you what, look. If I'm on the chair, I'm... You're going to hold it? I'm going to hold it. Yes, ma'am. All right, I guess I'm farthest away from here. It's just good. All right. Oh, we'll not see. It's just good. Love. If she says anything about me, I'm spinning the chair. All right. You got one? No, I think we're good. The camera's not working on this. I'm just going to give you an idea of how to do this. Hey, go ahead. Go ahead. I'll move. Justin, can you do a steel shot? All right. One, two, three. Got it? I got it, too. You got a good camera. Got it. Thank you. You're welcome. All right. That's the worst thing I've ever seen. It's all right. I'm going to see what we're doing. I'm going to do that. You don't know. You're going to have to do this. You're going to have to do that. You're going to have to do that. No. True that we didn't want. We did the cover goat workout nonstop. Well, first of December, one of the fails and when I got here, I couldn't so I went in with the real Anders apart and moved this down. I think so. Hope to see you at the end of this year, I mean, all theisode 2 outside my home. I thought that really helped me, that was lovely. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide. I'm going to go to the next slide.對 Thank you! Oh yeah Okay all right Okay Thank you All right. Shall we? You know, ready? All right. A gin item 3.1 approval of the meeting minutes August 14, 2025. It's a motion by councilmember Romero and a second by councilmember Nylon. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Any public comment? Any public comment? Miss Gidry, please call the roll. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Miss Shalpine? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Motion approved. A gin item 3.2 approval of the August 22, 2025 special meeting minutes. All right. Motion by Mr. Nylon, second by Miss Shalpine. Any council comment? Any public comment? All right. Here are no public comment. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Miss Shalpine? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. A gin item 4.1 approval of the July 2025 finance report. Motion by Mr. Volgiano? Second by Mr. Romero? Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment. Miss Gidry, please call the roll. Miss Shalpine? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion by Mr. Romero? Yes. A gin item 5.1 ordinance 498 2025 in ordinance of the city of Youngsoil, Louisiana. Amending the code of ordinance is chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood development. Mr. Volgiano? Motion to table? All right. Thank you, sir. Miss Shalpine? All right. Second by Miss Shalpine. Motion tables. We don't need to do comment. All right. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Miss Shalpine? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Miss Denyland? Yes. Motion approved. A gin item 5.2 ordinance number 503 2025. An aggregate amendment in revision to the city of Youngsoil, state of Louisiana, and Youngsoil sales tax district number 1s, sales and use tax ordinances, totaling 3.5% councilmember Nylon. Motion to table? All right. Thank you. This motion by councilmember Nylon, a second by councilmember Volgiano. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Miss Shalpine? Yes. Motion approved. Gin item 5.3 is ordinance 507 2025. An ordinance to the city of Youngsoil. Established and recognized in a fire prevention bill within the Youngsoil volunteer fire department. Motion by councilmember Romero and a second by councilmember Volgiano. Can you accept that as amended, I did add a little snippet and they are ahead for God in theational needs and right. One minute. Ornid's number 5.37.225. Amended. All right. Thank you. Second as amended. All right. Any council comment? So, Chief Reves here and also Captain Austin, if anyone wants to, Austin shot well. If anyone likes it, Captain, would you like to comment? Okay. I think we may have explained it somewhat, but yeah, if you want to hit maybe the highlights of what you're proposing that be reshaded. So what this will do is, it'll establish a fire prevention bureau for us and we'll be acting under the state fire marshal doing inspections for businesses and stuff in lieu of the fire marshal. The reason behind this is to increase our rating. We did a bunch of math behind it and it's the most cost-efficient way to increase our rating among other things that we're doing, but this is one that we definitely had to go through y'all to establish. Mr. Romero. So I'm assuming from a business perspective this will expedite the process being a little quicker here in town. Yeah, so the, I don't think the fire marshal actually makes it out to all the businesses. And with the fire marshal, they come out and there's problems, they have the ability to find. And so we'll act as a buffer between that. So we can come out. Now as far as the construction approval and stuff that still goes through the state fire marshal, there's no benefit in us doing that at that time. Okay. So we'll just be doing yearly inspections. All right. Any questions from the council? Any public comment? We have a lot of meetings. We hope that will look lower the rattle thing. Anything? We're at three right now. I don't think anything in life is an absolute. But according to the math, it should increase our rating. And if I was a betting man, I'd be good. But there's definitely will not hurt. You can only go up from there. There's nothing that we can do that can hurt it by doing this. It would only increase it. I strongly believe by doing this and a few other things that we'll be able to obtain a class too. There's also benefit from my perspective of doing this because you're doing fire pre-planning. You're doing more community outreach. You're, you're going out visiting with the business owners, understanding the layout of the businesses. You are, and it's another, in my opinion, perception of service that the city is providing. So I think it has benefit on that regard as well as, you know, the potential to improve the rating as well. Absolutely. Any other public comment? All right. Oh, I'm sorry, Haley. I was just going to add that I was out of meeting at the Louisiana Municipal Association conference recently, and the discussion of fire rating came up. And it is also a benefit for our businesses. They, you know, the better the fire rating, typically the better the insurance policies. There's usually a little bit of a discount on the premium. So our fire rating does affect our businesses insurance premiums. So this would also help in that regard. Absolutely. All right. Thank you, Haley. All right. There's no other public comment in the skidry. Please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. The shop line motion approved. All right. Thank you. We'll move to a gen out of 6.1. It was a request for preliminary plat approval of suremopon phase 29. Located section 7, T11S, R5E. Garrett. Garrett, you're taking this one? Yes, sir. All right. Well, Garrett's coming up also to acknowledge Mr. Jordan Dagle, the developer, and Mr. Tretron. This is design professional in the front row. Garrett, floor is yours, sir. Okay. Thank you. Anything council? I present to you a preliminary plat for suremopon phase 29. Tell it put perspective where it is. Yeah. I be your street. Then phase 20. Then the new phase 29. Then the ARCA complex. Then subwarro. So last month, Latviance, every year, why development of the committee did a review of the preliminary plat? And after our review, I recommend we accept with some conditions. I won't go over all of them, but one thing I really want to highlight. If the preliminary apply has approved, there are some slight boundaries that change something existing boundaries. So we do recommend acts of correction for suremopon phases 10B and phase 20. So we do recommend that the final plat of this division is recorded. And with that, I'll read back to the council. All right. Just my overall comments with it that this is I'm sorry, I'm in the shop. I didn't see. Okay. All right. I have a motion by councilman Shumpine. And a second by Mr. Romero. I think this is going to be a great, great addition this phase. This is a very important instance, which means can be larger, larger lots. And I think it will be well received. Any public comment? Mr. Davis, Mr. Trauma. Anything for me? Any questions? I don't think we have any. All right. Any other public comment? All right. Garrett, thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We had a motion in a second to approve the preliminary plat as presented. Please call the roll. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. All right. The gin item 7.1. Mr. Walter Comos here to request a variance to allow a reduction in the required 20-foot front setbacks to 15 feet for lots of 1 through 6 and 77 through 82 of southern trails, subdivision. These are the lots, counsel that are that border are that back up to Griffin Road. The developer I spoke with Mr. Rusty Broussard. It's one of our developers that's done other projects in our community. They're attempting to gain a little bit more buildable area on these lots. I've reviewed it, find it to be reasonable. The rear of the property that backs up to Griffin Road, there's a utility easement that's been added there. We don't have any utilities in it to my knowledge or we don't have any now but telecommunications or others may go in. And I think just from a planning perspective, it's good to have it there. If you ride down that road today, the there's a sidewalk already in place and the exterior fence there. So Mr. Romero. Yeah, motion to approve. All right, thank you sir. Motion by Mr Romero, second by Mr Volgiano. Is there any council comment? Well, anything worth adding there? Is that pretty much the right? All right, if there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the the role on approving the variance. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. I think that's going to be a great neighborhood that developer tells me here it has a lot of commitments. And Pam and I drove through it. Today we were coming back from something and we asked her to take a little detour. So we're excited about seeing it coming to completion. This is a project that's been in the works for quite a few years. Not as long. We brought preliminary plighting when you're still in the old building. Yeah. So we're excited to wrap it up. Looking forward to finishing up by the minute they have a punch list and I've heard great things from the punch list so far. So we will get it. I know you'll get it wrapped up and we'll get it completed soon as possible. All right, thank you. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, item 7.2, councilwoman Simone Champagne has requested to provide an update on proposing of divisions for the city of youngsville into municipal districts. Miss Champagne. Thank you, Mayor. Yes, Mayor. Oh, sorry, that was. Yes. Did I turn it off? No, that was my fault, sorry. I brought to us the aspect of the possibility of looking at districts. What we did find and we reported that last month is that this cannot be done within before the next election. So this would be beyond the next election because we would have to have an ordinance in place. In that ordinance, we all know takes two meetings to be able to pass. So we would not have time to get it in before even if we chose to do that before the next election. So they did have some questions. I think Mr. Romero had asked about cost. I did speak to a demographer at this point today, which won't be the case in the future probably. It would be about a $13,000 cost. That demographer would actually do the ordinance. He would draw the lines, municipal lines in the districts and also send it to the Secretary of State as well as our clerk of court needs it and the registrar voters. Some of the things that would have to be well, we would also have to have public hearings, which I know we would all want to have public hearings. So that's one of the stipulations of doing this. The steps would be the demographer would assess the population data. His legal requirements would be equal population in all districts. We'd have to look at the Voting Rights Act must not discriminate on basic basis of race. Continuity. All parts of the district must be physically connected. The legal authority is the responsible party for the creating of the district plan. We'd have to hold public hearings as I stated. We'd have to adopt the plan by ordinance. Submit the plan to the Secretary of State, parish clerk of court, registrar voters. The legal considerations would be federal law requires districts to be as equal in population as possible. A plus, a minus 5% deviation is a maximum allowed. The district should use whole election precincts as established by the parish governing authority. The traditional principles with the respect boundaries of existing political subdivisions and the timing with the governing authority must complete re-apportionment by the end of the year following the release of the legislative process. The legislation is the latest census data, which means every time we have a census within one year of that census data, we have to look at the boundaries of those lines again to see if they move. I will continue the research and report that to this council. And if we schedule any hearings, public hearings, I will also let everyone know. I will continue to look at the census data. I will continue to look at the census data and see if it will happen until maybe after the first of the year. But like I said, every year after the census, we would have to re-look at those boundary lines. I'm also going to look at some of the questions where do we stay at five? I do go maybe to seven, six and one at large. I mean, I'm going to move on with the answer. I want to move on to the answer answered. Good information for us to take into consideration as we move forward. Resolution 8.2's resolution 2025 in 22, a resolution of the city of Yonge'sville authorizing and directing the mayor to execute an intergovernmental agreement between the city of Yonge'sville and the Lafayette City Parish consolidated government for surface improvements to South LaRiviha Road. Louisiana 92 to Shaman Mettery. Let's see. Motion by Council Member Romero. Second by Councilman Champagne. Any council comment or discussion? Council, as we've reported, Councilman Stansbury was here recently. They were able to amend their fiscal budget for this year to add $400,000 to put towards the South of the Riviera road improvements. We've previously shared with the public that approximately 50% of the portion of this road that's being redone today is in the unincorporated area. Young Zul was the lead applicant on it, since it certainly, it's surrounded largely by incorporated areas. So grateful for Mr. Stansbury and Mayor President Boulay's commitment to see the $400,000 through. So this enables us to basically push the paperwork to get the framework set up, similar to what we've done previously with Bonan and Deacon Roads. Is there any public comment? All right, and one acknowledge Mr. Vincent Pierre's here representing the Mayor President here this evening. All right, if there's no public comment in the schedule, please call the vote. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion through. 9.1 is ordinance 397.1 2025. Inordinate to Mending Chapter 107 commercial development requirements section 1075 architecture to revise the acceptable building materials for exterior walls. Mr. Bulljano, motion motions. Mr. Nyland, seconds. All right, any council discussion? I don't think I told everybody, but this is a sample. I'll leave it here for anybody in the public that wants to see. This is just one of the, there's I think three products that we're adding that we're proposing adding. This is one of them within the packet is pictures of the other two materials. These all are metal. This is a metal product, but from a distance, you can see it emulates stucco or maybe like an effus material. So, but it still has all the same structural value and integrity of metal. I think the council was certainly well intended with the design criteria that we put in place. I think it served as well. I think it's had some maybe unintended consequences where it unfortunately, you know, in a couple of cases has perhaps limited to limited the architectural creativity, you know, of some of our designers. But, you know, that's why I feel like this is maybe something that's worth considering. So, all right, there was a motion second. Any public or council comment? All right, here in none, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Maromeral? Yes. Mr. Miley? Yes. Ms. Schampine? Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you, council. We'll bring that back next month for final adoption and allow you to the opportunity to gain more feedback from the public. Pam, you want to go first and then we'll maybe take up Susan's reports and then we'll take up any reports from the council dais or from the administration. Pam. All right, so, Fortune Road, they poured the remaining portion of the roundabout that was on the north side. They did that this week because they wanted everything poured before we opened up that portion that's been closed to truck, before we open it up. Highway 89, so the mayor and I were out there today. The remaining work on the two east side lanes that we will be opening up soon is to, we have a guardrail and striping. And so those are two subs we're waiting to come in next week to do that work so that we can open it up to traffic. We will still be working on the west side, but as the mayor saw today, all the drainage is already done on the west side and most of the subgrade works been done. And so you're gonna see that go a little bit faster on the west side. So while they were working, they were working to cruise east side and west side the whole time it was closed. We've also met with the mayor to go over what we're calling phase one B, which is basically from heart to farm to just pass through so road that transition to work on that. We had a original design, we're kind of making some modifications to lower some cost on that. And then also on our phase two design, which phase two will get us to Griffin Road with the amount of money that's anticipated from capital outlay for that's gonna go to bond commission. So that project is about 75% complete. We do have some remaining work on the south end where you see all the pipe that's been there forever, but we are waiting on Cox and LUS, which we've been waiting on them for more than 90 days. So we need them to move lines that were never marked so that they can now install the drainage to finish up that portion. Larivier Road, that is really moving well. That's about 60% done on the drainage on the east side. The weather's been cooperating. Plus when they got to a point that they were finished drainage on highway 89 and couldn't go any further, they moved that drainage crew to Larivier Road. So you have two drainage, you have multiple drainage crews there to keep them in Young'sville. So it's a win-win. So while we might not be working on 89, you're getting a lot of headway on Larivier, which we know we wanna get that open as quickly as possible. But they are passed, well passed the detention ponds and they're actually working on the outfalls to the detention ponds already. They were working on that today. Highway 92 turn lanes, we met with the mayor on those. We were PDF and when we realized we needed some FPNC numbers. So tomorrow we will be sending TUNA COAL both the Highway 92 turn lanes. That's the designated left turn lanes to centers ourselves and to Cedar Hills and St. Blaze to try to help with traffic flow until such time that there's any large widening project. So we have that project and then of course, the Sheme Agviyab, what we call it, the phase one, which is to reconstruct, you don't have a very good base there. So we don't have the option of just milling without the road potentially crumbling under traffic. So we will have to do a reconstruction just like we did on the Rivier, Bonair Road, Fortune, all of those. And we're going to leave out the curve portion that would just probably be just a little overlay because of the fact that we're trying to figure out what we're going to do in phase two in that area to try to straighten out that S curve. So both of those will go to Nicole tomorrow so that they can be submitted to facility plan and control so that they can allow us and authorizes to go to bid to advertise to bid. Anzalum, we are still waiting on the core. 2024 roadway improvements. They will be doing the patching soon and the striping is going to occur when the striping company that's coming in for Highway 89 is the same one that's going to do the remaining striping on the 2024 roadway improvements. The 92 widening project that had been submitted for a federal grant, we were not selected. Nicole and I will be on a brief next week with the federal government to find out. That's the one that they changed the criteria because the new federal administration came in five days before the application was due. So we're doing another debrief because we know they were looking for different things than with the previous ones. So we're going to try to figure out what it is that they're looking for us for projects they want to fund. And then the sidewalk application we did for Highway 89 that we have not heard. They have not made any selections on those projects yet. Any questions for Pam or any of the projects that she discussed? All right, Susan. Thank you, Pam. So on the wastewater plant, getting the contracts from Nicole today and we're going to be setting the pre-construction meeting. So hopefully that'll kick off pretty soon. By station three, we're just waiting on the clear lean final pay application. That's all done. The water plant, they're probably 90 to 95% complete. They're doing the final programming for the operation of the plant. So we're going to be doing the final programming for the operation of the plant. I know Alex has been working on the valves throughout the city to expand the service area. And I'm thinking within the next two weeks, we'll do a start-up. And then we run it for 30 days, work out all the kinks, and then put it online. Sugar mill pond, we are still working on the route. I'll get what we tried again this next week. Pump station five, we're still working on the permitting. All right. Thank you. Any questions for Susan, particularly about water, wastewater? A lot of great things happening. I know it may not be a very interesting subject. A lot of great things happen. It is to me. It is to me as well. So water plant coming on in two weeks, that's going to expand our service footprint. It's a big milestone for our community as was getting the contract signed for the wastewater treatment plan upgrade. So thank you for everything. All right, I appreciate Susan. Chief Reved, anything you'd like to add, sir? All right, nothing from the chief. Any other announcements from the council administration? And yes, ma'am? That's something. Reminder, Saturday is our farmers market. So please come out and support the local vendors and the young sale chamber of commerce for the farmers market. It is from Ait Tanoon at Foster Park. And if you didn't already hear, Lauren Dagle is here. Saturday night, the date has finally arrived. There are still a few general emission tickets left that we've received back from the artist. So if you don't have a ticket yet and still want to come, now's your opportunity to get them. So best prices are at. If you go to the YoungSaleSportsComplex.com, up at the top there's a red button that says, Lauren Dagle, click on that and that'll take you to the ticket page. I encourage you to go there and not through a third party resale company. Those tickets are priced higher than what you will find through the sports complex. All right, thank you, ma'am. Any other announcements? Oh, one other, I'm sorry. Patch of the park, Rotary Club, Patch of the Park, October 4th. Fifth. I like to just want to say, October 5th, Patch of the Park, come support Rotary Club, get your pumpkins and enjoy some great music that day. Thank you, Helen. It's Sunday. Chief, sorry. We'll hold on. We gotta get your mind. Okay. Last month, YoungSale PD responded to date 189 calls in the month of August. The guys have been out on the road working hard to make sure everybody's safe. I pulled a geofence around Sugarmopon for last year out of request of one of the HLA boards. And a September to September in Sugarmopon, YoungSale Police Department responded to 1926 calls for service. Within the one period, within that one development? Yes. All right, any other comment? All right, motion to adjourn by Councilmember Bolgiana. Second, by Mr. Romero, all in favor. Meeting adjourned. Thank you all so much and have a wonderful evening.