 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you the you at Great 15 One nation under God, indivisible, liberty and justice for all. And Pastor, once you know your associate pastor did a phenomenal job at the National Day of Prayer. So we, oh, I guess we missed having you there, but you were well represented. So yes sir, thank you Pastor. Miss, Miss Kidry, please call the roll. Miss Barass here, Mr. Volgiano is absent, Mr. Romero here, Mr. Nylon here. Don't find here. Council member Romero, mayor before we get on through the agenda. I'd like to make a motion to expand tonight's agenda to consider item 8.3 resolution number 2025-11. Resolution, authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to the DOTD transportation alternatives program for a sidewalk project along highway 89 and further approving 10% and local match funds. All right, a motion by Mr. Romero. Is there a second second mayor since we have a second the purpose of this expansion is to allow the city to apply for the grant funding for the sidewalk project along highway 89. All right, thank you. All right, we have a motion and second. Is there any additional council comment? Any public comment? We're going to be voting to expand the agenda to add an additional agenda item. Okay, Miss Kidry, there's no public comment. Please call for the vote. Miss Barass? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. All right, thank you, Council. We'll add that as a agenda item 8.3, which will be an additional resolution. And Council, if there's no objection, I know we have several guests here, but the superintendent's here with us tonight and he is a little pressed for time. So I would like to acknowledge him first unless there's any objection from the council. All right, Mr. Francis to shed. Welcome, sir. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, City Councilman. First of all, thank you so much for always allowing us to come and share the things that are happening in Lafayette Parish. Let's start off by saying that today was a very important day for not only for you, but for us in the Lafayette Parish School System. We had our chief of police that went well beyond provided food for every one of our public school employees at the four different public schools joined with the mayor. And I can tell you that to me that makes my heart proud that we can stand together as a public school system as a community and chief mayor. Thank you all so much. The teachers have been sending me texts. They've been sending me emails on just what that meant to them. So thank you so much on behalf of the Lafayette Parish School System. Just for giving you guys a short version of what's going on, I'm going to kind of share with you number one. There is something in front of you. This is called the report card. I actually had our communication team put this together so that if you guys ever have families that are asking about what those schools look like here in Lafayette Parish, you will basically have some talking points as far as different things of concern. The next thing that you have is a report of what is happening as far as the schools here in Young'sville. You will see that we have addressed the last since the last time that we have come. I'm sure guys a lot of you have seen that we have been in the media around this district optimization. We have actually closed some schools. We have converted some different schools and believe it or not, we have saved just in that opportunity, $3.5 million. You will see that we also looked at some downsizing as far as central office is concerned. That also was something that the board passed. That also involved the $1.2 million savings. Last but not least, staffing for next year, we looked at consolidation and doing different things there and that additionally gave us $2.5 million. That to me is what we talk about as far as utilizing taxpayers' dollars to fund where we need to go with things. I will say that number one, my number one priority is that we will fund a first-year teacher starting next year at $50,000. That means every teacher on that pay scale, whether it be vertically or horizontally, is going to receive at least a $5,000 to $6,000 raise working for the Latvian Paraskoo system next year. In addition to that, for the first time in the state of Louisiana, we are providing incentive pay. You move kids, you get more money. You don't move kids, you don't get any more money. We are going to be providing that also next year. That is a big ticket item for our May 15th Board Meeting. You will see that there are letter grades here. We have three of the four schools that are A schools. You will also see that there are projects that we are happening. I am proud to say if you flip through the back of that packet, you will see that promises given or promises that are actually been made. That Southside High School is coming up. The field is there. We are going to put over 3,000 people on the home side. It is going to be the biggest stadium in Latvia Paraskoo. We are going to put 1,500 people on the visitor side. We will have at least 5,000 people in those stands. I can tell you, around that particular field, you will see a field house, bare none. There will be colleges that will not have a field house like the kids at Southside will have. There will be concession stands, restrooms. There will be various different things. I can tell you that if you just look through these different packets, you will see that things are coming. I will tell you, we will open up the first Friday night game right here at Southside. I will tell you that means this much to me. I have been in this school system for the last seven years. Not as a superintendent, but for the last two years I have been to superintendent before I was the associate superintendent. The number of times that the kids, whether you are freshmen or a sophomore, whether you played on the varsity, they had to travel to a game, whether it's your home game or not, we were packing kids up every week. You know how good it's going to feel to have our kids playing on their stadium, having the community that's going to pat that parking lot. There's going to be tailgating. There's going to be a real college atmosphere that we're going to create at Southside. And I'm going to tell you that is my commitment not only for Southside, but whether you go here, you go to a Katie Anna, whether you go to Karen Crow, we are going to provide our kids with those opportunities. The last thing that you have in your packet is this district overview. I had my communication team and I have a few of these that I'm going to leave for the public. My communication team put this together. You will see my priorities are actually given to you in the first page. I'm not going to go into details about this, but it tells you how much money we bring in into the Lafayette Paris. $800 million is that ticket that we bring in as far as you will see what we spend as far as salaries, you will see what we actually collect as far as taxes. And you will see everything that we actually pay out as far as different charter schools are concerned. This is what I refer to as having an open book. This is what I refer to as saying public. This is these are your schools. This is what's happening in your schools. And so take a look at it again. Guys, we have a long way to go. But I can tell you this right now. We're going to win and we're going to do everything we can to be the number one school district in the state of Louisiana. And it starts right here in Youngstville. We have great schools. We have great leaders in those schools. We are going to be after home May 16th. They're going to be flooding the markets for applications because when I can pay a starting teacher $50,000 to where that same teacher in Vermean parishes making 42. That's a difference. And when I put something at the end of that salary saying that if you move kids, you're going to get an extra $6,000. That's going to make people move. So I hope to get the best educators in these schools. That's how we're going to move kids. That's how we're going to have the best schools. And again, this report card here is going to always be updated. This right now is where we are now. After October, I'm going to update this. This is what you can say to people who are living or moving to Youngstville. This is what we have to offer us for. It's a laughing at par our school system. Guys, thank you all so much for this opportunity. Believe it or not. I've been on the road since 6.30 this morning. I have not stopped. I dropped by picked up my wife and I said, let's go. I'm running into a banquet that I have to get to. So look, I'll take any questions that you guys have. I want to really first of all, thank you the mayor. I want to thank each and every one of you for this partnership. I want you to know that our schools are open. Go to our schools. We have safety protocols, but go the these schools. You need to see the great things that are happening in our schools. Great leaders, great teachers and biomes. We have the best kids. Any questions? Mr. Tuchet, I know we have at least one comment from the council, but we were also with our school board member today, Mr. Jeremy Hodago. He had something with his daughter this evening in regrets he wasn't able to attend. He did send me a statement that he asked that I share with the public. So I'll read that now. I'm really grateful to the mayor for delivering my message as a proud representative of our district on the Lafayette Par School Board. I'm thrilled about the continued progress we're seeing across our schools and youngsville. Not only in academics and school culture, but in the investments being made into our facilities. One such investment, which I believe is truly transformative, is the construction of the new Southside high school sharks athletic stadium. This long overdue project represents more than just bricks and mortar. It's a testament to the pride, growth and spirit of youngsville. This stadium will be a state of the art facility, one that our students, families and the entire community can be proud of. When it opens next school year, it will elevate school spirit and community engagement to new heights. I'm especially grateful to my fellow school board members for recognizing the significance of this project and supporting the funding necessary to bring it to life with so many pressing needs across our district. There are commitment to this endeavor speaks volumes. This stadium will be among the premier high school athletic facilities in Louisiana, and I cannot wait to see our students take the field supported by community that believes in them and in the future of public education. Thank you for your continued support and partnership and build in a stronger youngsville for generations to come and happy teacher appreciation week to all of our educators. I'm a student that's from board member Jeremy Hodago and Mr. Tushed. I told you earlier today, but I think it's worth saying again, I have never been more proud of the state of education and this out all of our schools across the city of youngsville. When you go into the campuses, the leadership, it's electric. It's been truly transformative. We had great schools before, but now we have really incredible schools. The enthusiasm, the passion, engaging with the teachers is unlike anything that I've experienced. I know that it starts at the top, so kudos to the school board members. We were also with Ms. Hannah Smith Mason today. So thank you from me. Keshit, thank you for being here and for allowing your husband to make his day even longer. Mr. Ramera. I mean, I could sit up and go on my own or how excited I am, but you made a comment. You have a long way to go. In a short amount of time, you've gone a long way under your administration. I can't wait to see what the next several years. Hopefully you're around for that because I've got I mean, you're definitely your administration's bringing trust back to LPSS, which is great for youngsville because we have such great private schools, charter schools and public schools and they needed that. So thank you for what you are doing. Thanks, Mr. Ramera. Ms. Shampine. Thank you, Mayor. Superintendent, I just want to thank you for your leadership. And I know that the rest of this state is going to follow your lead. So thank you for what you're doing. We appreciate it. All right. Thank you. Appreciate the great job. All right. Is Miss Jennifer Nugent here this evening? She's not here. Okay. Miss Creed. I'd like to acknowledge Miss Jamie Creed to come on up. Miss Creed's the president of our local rotary club and former interim council member. So welcome back. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor and council. I want to tell her one about this great group of kids here. I'm from Arca Interact Club this year. Just put it simple. They have been on fire. They have been volunteering St. Joseph's diner. They did keeping youngsville beautiful. They also attended their first Interact District Conference and pulled home with multiple awards for their first conference. These students have gone above and beyond in service and leadership and their energy, commitment and heart for the community truly reflects in their spirit of rotary. And we couldn't be proud of everything they've accomplished and also like to give a very special thank you to miss Chasson their club sponsor. She has been outstanding. Her guidance, passion and support have been instrumental in the club success this year. And to the members of the Arc Interact Club keep shining, keep serving and keep inspiring. And we can't wait to see what she should do next. And one of the members also has something to say. Yes, ma'am. Hello, I'm Kylie Brussard and I have the honor of serving as the president of the Arc A High Interact Club. This past year we have accomplished many things. We started in October and took off rolling through partnering with St. Joseph's diner on many occasions. We have reached the community directly by cleaning and serving food. We have also participated in youngsville city cleanups and donated decorative boxes with Thanksgiving meals to those in need. Our first time attending convention was a huge success. We placed second for our skit and third in our scrapbook and our very own Aiden Nugent is now the central district representative. Interact is a place to meet people with the same intentions and souls as you. Interact has opened many doors for me teaching me selflessness and furthering my leadership. I love the way I'm able to reach different parts of my community through this club. Thank you rotary club of youngsville and citizens of youngsville for your continuous support throughout the year. Thank you. Thank you. As a fellow Rotarian, Ms. Chassan, thank you for always being one of the first people to volunteer and reach out to us. I noticed a lot of parents are there. I've been alongside of your kids at some of these events. These are phenomenal high school kids. Be very proud of them. They're representing your family but also your school and the public very well. So, good dose of these kids. A lot of great things in our school. So, thank you and keep doing keep the great job ahead. We know we haven't seen or heard the last of you. So thank you all for being here to see me. I would love one. Yeah, come on up. If you want to join us in the front here in yeah, that's perfect. Thank you. Are you good? Awesome. One, two, three. Thank you all. Thank you all. Thank you. All right. And Chief Broussard is here. He's going to introduce a couple new officers and recent graduates of the police academy to the youngsville public. Chief Broussard? I just wanted to bring a couple of the new officers up here. Give citizens an idea what's going on with the department with three new officers. Victor Gidry, Shane S. Raff and Brandon Barker. Brandon has assigned to his S.O.R.O. at Southside. Shane is still in field training right now. He just got out of the academy last month. He was number two cadet out of the academy doing a great job. Victor has assigned to patrol. He just finished the field training officer phase of the department. So he's on his own at this time. Victor comes from the all field. Yes. Decided to come over to work in Youngsville law enforcement. Shane has a background as a firefighter also EMT. And Mr. Barker came in from the all field as a welder. Decided to come to Youngsville work as a police officer. Great officers here to keep our city safe. Right now, if it goes through, we have three more applicants in the process. They'll bring us down to one opening. We've had somebody apply today from a different agency. Well, welcome. We are thrilled to have you join the team and congratulations on achieving number two in the academy. I'm sure that's no easy feat. So extremely proud of you. A proud of all of you and thank you for choosing to work in the city of Youngsville. And to stay in busy last month, Youngsville Police Department ran 845 calls for service. Thank you. Any comments or questions? All right. Welcome. Congratulations again, gentlemen. And thank you, chief. A gin item 3.3 crew to Katie and is presenting the Youngsville Police Department with the donation from the proceeds of the bringing you our best hamburger and hot dog festival that was recently held at the Youngsville Sports Complex Amp at the Eator. And it's a Charles Schwarma coming to the front. And I think that checks for you, chief. Thank you. Good to know what you guys are waiting to take home about this year, but next year we're going. Yeah, I want to make a little. Sure. Yeah. Oh, Simone, you're kind of hiding back there. You want to come up here? All right. There we go. One, two, three. And it makes up just a little. Two short. Hide behind me. Mr. Schwarma. Floors yours, sir. I just had a little speech with one of the put together for you guys. I'll be off our crew to carry on. I wanted to extend our heartfelt thank you to the city of Youngsville for allowing us to host this event. The second BYUB hammering hot dog festival at the beautiful Slimp go amp at the Eator. Sunday April the 13th. We especially want to recognize and thank Mr. Kim Miss Haley from the city of Youngsville and Mr. Josh from the Youngsville Parks and Recreation Department. Your willingness, patience and hands on involvement throughout the entire planning and execution of the event made everything possible. We're so grateful for your partnership. It really, really helped us. A special shout out goes to Chief JP and the Youngsville Police Department, but not only keeping us safe, but also, you know, participating in the fun. Although you didn't get to take home the belt this year. We'll be nice and warm for you and Bruce R. Yeah, absolutely next year. We'll get to do it again. We also wanted to thank all of our amazing sponsors this year. We had like over 23 general sponsors that were just more than willing to help. And their involvement enthusiasm. Of course, none of this would have happened without the incredible work of our crew to accommodate members. We had over 55 members that showed up to help. And that alone made the event, you know, just so much easier to navigate through. In addition, we had 27 cooking teams, including a fantastic local businesses, master drain, Mr. Todd, the Hangout Sports Bar, quality companies, and Black Bull. And Waltz, whatever, we had over 37 vendors offering everything from candles, cutting boards, 3D printed items, sweet seasons, and even a doggy clothing. And most of them were off in the Youngsville and Recreation area. So I was really happy about that. We're already looking ahead to next year as we have two huge headliners already booked. We have an expanded children's corner coming in. We're going to do a kids cooking competition. And new for next year, we're going to do a spicy man challenge. And we got some more details of that coming. So we hope to see everybody next year. Please feel free to contact myself or any crew members if you guys have any suggestions, any questions or anything that we can do. And we'll definitely be in touch. Once again, thank you so much for allowing us to do this event. It was really good. Well, we love having it here. And by being out there that day, I mean, I was thoroughly impressed at the effort of the entire crew. So it's exactly the type of event we envision to have in that space. So thank you for bringing it to life and choosing to have it in our community with us. So look forward to seeing you next year. I hope you go. So thank you. And thank you for the contribution to the police department. Thank you. Thank you. Excellent. All right. Agenda item 4.1 approval of the meeting minutes April 10, 2025. Motion by Council Member Romero and a second by Councilman Champagne. Is there any council comment or question? Any public comment or question? Okay. No public comment. The schedule is called to vote. Mr. Barras. Yes. Mr. Bulljiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nailin. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. Nicole. Thank you. Council 5.1 approval of the March 2025 finance report. Motion by Councilman Barras. Second by Councilman Romero. Is there any council comment or question? So for the month of April collections, we had an all time high. So we are over last year at 6.98. Looking good. That's perfect. So it's 10 months into the fiscal year. Just shy of 7% up with sales tax collections. So thank you very much. And a big thanks to the community for continuing to shop and support our local businesses. Thank you, Catherine. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Is there any public comment? Okay. On the schedule. We'll go ahead. A motion. Second, please. Call the vote. Mr. Bulljiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nailin. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Miss Barras. Yes. Motion approved. Okay. 6.1 is a request for a preliminary plat approval of Park Bonan located in section 7, 11, S, R5, E. I see. So I'm Mr. Phil Devis, the developer here is his engineers here. Jimmy Rick's. We have a letter in our packet that I know Garrett Noel prepared. So okay. Garrett, you're going to. All right. Let's do it. Good evening, Mayor and the council. I come before you to present a preliminary plat for a post-development called Park Bonan. For those who don't know, there's a big empty lot on Bonan Road across the street from Palfrey Parkway. That's projected to be developed. The area question, it's mainly going to be for commercial development. And then the unplied part in the future will eventually be like a mixed use resident commercial area. In my letter, I recommend that we approve the reply on their certain conditions. Okay. One. Okay. They show the road district line for 200 feet, but it's really 400 feet. It's a little change. Most of the edits are like typos and missing items. The key thing I'm noticed is how the private road is structured property wise. Usually the roads are its own entity and you have the right of ways surrounding it. But the plat shows the boundaries, this kind of the center I'm concerned about. Potentially to the developments in the back half. And I also recommend no waivers to revisions in the ADIC report. And that includes labeling the private roads private street with a proper name. And Bonan Road is all on the state highway. They want to remove that destination. And as such, ask for a plat and subdivision conditions. I recommend no waivers to the conditions that are featured in the ADIC report. Some major spots that require a little attention. We need to provide 10th of the service to along all lots, border and public and private roadways and several to niches at all property corners. And that's also a request for a traffic impact analysis. If trap generated is greater than 100 trips per hour. And they also do request a stub out street along the back along Maxi doing our road. It currently shows a call the sack for those don't see the flat. And I will now open the council for questions and comments. I'm going to go ahead and do a quick review. For those of you that don't know, Garrett, Garrett, Noel is one of our engineers. And he's also our floodplain manager. So Garrett, thank you for being here to review. I guess let's see Mr. Romero. Garrett, great job. Developers here. Yes, Mr. Barrier's request that you know or anything. So we'll give him a moment maybe and see what we have. Yeah, you all are welcome to come up. Garry will step just to the side and be available for us. Hi, I'm Jimmy Rick with Southeast engineers. This is Phil D.V. the property owner. We are, excuse me, not requesting any waivers from the ADR East ADRC report or the additional comments. I just want to make a point of clarity. Garrett mentioned the property lines. This is a private roadway and title lines are intended for intentionally going to the center of the road. It is there is a right of passage, right of way for private use. But the fee title will go to the center of the road and that is not uncommon. So that is the area that is unplatted. You'll notice the common area is continuous. Common area four with the half of the road going to the southern end of the property. So that is all going to be HLA owned property. But that's just a point of clarity in his question. I did send him an exhibit showing how that parcel. Little clarity on that parcel. I'm going to give you a little bit of technical questions after public comment. If you have anything for me, please. Thank you, Mr. Rick. Mr. Devy, anything just high level before we get into questions? I don't want to over share anything about your project. I know we have had some conversations about it. I don't know if there are some people in the crowd that have questions about it. Any questions? So I'm honored to be here. It's my first opportunity to do a development, Youngsville. So I'm looking forward to the process and looking forward to this project. All right. Well, thank you, sir. I have a feeling we'll circle you back in. So in council, just so in case you all haven't seen it, I am circulating a petition that our office received July of 2023. I believe it was some of the residents on maxi. I think it was a great opportunity to do a high-head submitted to our office. At the time, we knew that there would be a public notification process. And that's what we're obviously doing here. I didn't verify if it's still the same ownership group. I don't think there's been too much turnover if any in that particular neighborhood. But I did want to submit that into the conversation. Pam, anything on your end before? Not yet? No. That's great. There's a bit of a lot of going stuff out. Correct. Yeah. Yeah, just the high level, I can tell you, the petition is relative to the stuff out of this stuff out the street that would be coming into the developer does own a lot on maxi. Do on. And today, the way it's the proposal that the council has is basically it's a piece of open property day. And it's basically just a, what would you call that? Like a turnaround, like it wants like a call to sack for the private road. The the ARDC, which is area wide development review committee for Lafayette Paris has recommended that that's be a stub out street on to maxi. And that's not surprising. I mean, that committee, when they review it, connectivity is always the theme. You know, it's I'm sure I'm not telling you anything you don't know, but there's a lot of, there's some people that suggested we have a traffic, you know, issue as we continue to grow. So connectivity is one of the things that planners and reviewers always look for in terms of providing, you know, the more access, the better. And the question that you have before you isn't really unique to this development. It's, you know, the surrounding neighbors compared to best practice for planning and design. So I guess we can open it up for public comment at this point, unless there's any member of the council that has any comments prior to doing so. Okay. All right, Garrett, is there any anyone that wishes to address the council about the proposed subdivision of property. Yes, ma'am, give your welcome to come up. I live at 303, maxi, do you know, and my biggest concern is what is with the development of the flooding. Because already we flood and it's getting worse as the rain. And I know we can't predict my other nature, but what is the plans with the development for the properties surrounding of the flooding. That's a great question, valid concern. And one that I would have also, I can tell you just high level and we have three engineers in the room that can that can dial in a little bit further if we need. What, what, what's before the council today is basically just the decision about if you want to take, you know, one, one piece of property and allow there to be a subdivision is like basically created into two very preliminary based on the council's decision tonight. Should it move forward then the developer and his design team would be tasked with creating plans that would development plans that would encompass pretty stringent drainage requirements as one. And that is one of the requirements that's I know Garrett just kind of hit, you know, some high levels, but one of the requirements is that they have to do a design there. That would in essence, basically utilize some of the property there for stormwater detention. So once Mr. Rick's prepares that it'll come to our office for Garrett and Pam to review to ensure that it meets the applicable ordinances. So at this point, there hasn't been any type of design done. I mean, Mr. developer can probably tell you maybe what his intention is as far as use of the property. But you can certainly expect that in a lot of, in a lot of areas where we have new development, it's actually can be an improvement to drainage because, for instance, the channel that comes through that we were emailing about. We don't dictate the means and methods of how they detain the water, but I could see a scenario where they may widen that and actually do something there that would hold their stormwater back in certain events. So, but it's just it's very preliminary. That's my biggest thing. It's just deflated. So that's a lot. Thanks. Yeah. Any, I mean any. Pam will. Sure. Yeah, we will be reviewing it. We've already given Mr. Rick's the models that we have that we've been using for our detention so that anything he does has to take into account what we have so that he gives it back to us so that we can see how the development affects it. Okay. And so he will not be allowed the development won't be allowed to negatively impact it. And I mean, just as recent as a couple of weeks ago, Mr. Rick submitted a drainage study on a different project and kudos to Mr. Rick to be the first local engineer that got it done without any comments to go back. So, so he knows what we require and and make no mistake. He's going to make sure that it gets done. And look, I flooded before. So I'm not going to I don't want anybody to ever go through what I did. So we have your best interests. And Pam, I know it was late this afternoon, but I sent you an email from a resident that this was Miss Como here that was had some questions about the drainage. So I just wanted to go in and on. Yeah. I just want to take knowledge. Thank you. Perfect. Thank you. All right. Thank you, man. Any any other comments from the public? Anyone? Yes, sir? You're welcome to come forward. Good. So thank you. Thanks. Thanks, Wayne Johns and I'm a resident in the in that area. How concerned was a road coming into Maxi doing all road? And we signed a petition a while back everyone in the neighborhood, all the property owners that we did not want a road coming into our neighborhood. It's hard enough as it is right now to try to get out much less having all this traffic coming to us. There's a North Rim up on the highway where they can put two even three exits. So we don't want another exit coming into our subdivision. And anything you can do for us, we'd really appreciate it. You know, I've been living there for over 40 years and so I have some of my neighbors. You know, as a veteran that I've got another property owner, he's a veteran. And you know, very little has ever been done to help us out. We're asking you for some help. You know, as a veteran, you know, I've done what I needed to do for this country. Now, I'm just asking you for some help. I have a one on the board. We greatly appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Johns. Yes, sir. You want to add? So my name is Tyler Gilbo in the property of 312. Maxi, the on-road. My biggest concern is what is the intended use of the property? We've got people with pets in the neighborhood who've got kids in the neighborhood. My biggest concern is if we increase the traffic flow, we're going to increase the risk of injury. And I spent 10 years on the fire department here. I've seen kids get hit in a residential neighborhood by vehicle, even going to speed limit. So I know what can happen. That's our biggest concern is we don't want extra vehicle traffic in the neighborhood. So, like Mr. Wayne was saying, you know, as veterans, we want to ensure the safety of our neighborhood. Yes, sir. Appreciate the feedback. Thank you, Mr. Johns. Anyone else wishing to address the council? Yes, ma'am. Hi, how are you? I'm Toby Tibito and I am a property owner on Brawls Street. And that's in Sugarmore pond. So, and I've got some neighbors here also that are on the back up to Bonan. And I'm so sorry, but I'm from North Louisiana. So I do not have the occasion, I examine. I do not know the names of some of these streets properly. But I did marry Koon-ass, so. But anyway, my biggest concern is is that, I'll give you for instance, our home appraised for right at a million dollars. And this is before a lot of the house that's on the older home with all the property. That was for sale for a long, long time. And I just assumed that hey, somebody's going to buy this house and make it a home state or something. You know, we didn't know. But now that it's going to be commercial, I would appreciate a little bit, clear of clarity on what exact the noise is horrible anyway. And again, our backyard, I mean, we're in the estate section of Sugarmore pond. And we, the majority of us on that street have its the largest lots in Sugarmore pond. We all have pools. And so it's, I just would like to know what exactly commercialize or we, or we're putting there, is it going to be one level? Is it going to be two level? Because if it's two level, you're looking right in our backyards. And, you know, not only that, we've had tons of issues with my husband and I, we were not even in our home. The first weekend we were in our home, our car's got broken into. And it was, you know, from the trailer park kids coming over. And so my biggest fear is, okay, so we've got commercial on the first two lots. What's going to be developed on the back two lot? Is this going to be an upper scale neighborhood? Is this going to be another trailer park? Is this, you know, we would just like some, as homeowners, we would like some clarity of what's going on in our backyard basically. So if we could get clarity, I mean, that would really help us a lot. Yes, ma'am. Well, thank you for your comments. We love having you here. We think your face of Shreem O'Pond is a great addition to the community. So just high level, I can just speak relative to the ordinance. I mean, in terms of a mobile home park that wouldn't be allowed. Relative to commercial, youngs will just have an ordinance at the 400 foot frontage. So the property now has to be commercial. Now, commercial can be a myriad of things that can be professional office space, that could be medical, it could be banking. It doesn't. It could be, you know, I mean, I'm just speculating in terms of that. Because we all, I think, you know, think that we, well, depending upon the use of it, there would be buffers, buffer requirements. Because there are still houses that are going to be to the south, like the homes all in Maxi do. So the type of business would have to be complimentary to the homes that are there. And what I mean by that is, for example, if it's a pipe yard, just using as an example, not to pick on a pipe yard. So, you know, there's a lot of oil businesses here and it drives our economy. But a pipe yard in certain areas doesn't make the most sense. The way our ordinance would handle that is to say, you can, you can put it there, but you need this much of a green belt surrounding it. So a developer would look at it and say, you know what, for the price of the property that I've paid for this, a pipe yard isn't really going to be the most conducive thing here. So a neighborhood business, let's just say like a bank, a medical office, something that's going to lend itself to be more daytime use. That buffer would be limited to probably like 10 or 20 feet because it's not really an obnoxious land use. It's not going to be like a tobacco discount place or anything like that. I mean, it's open 24, 7, pretty much. And you've got traffic just nonstop. We already have a traffic issue on bone and now that's we could just get a little bit more clarity. And one story. Right. Fair comments. Thank you, man. Is there any other public comment from the from the public? Mr. Romero. Go back to that petition. I know everybody saw it, but just for public knowledge, it looks like adding all the houses up on those two roads. 100% of the homeowners sign the petition for the connected for the for not connecting the road to stub out. Yeah. Okay. Thank you, sir. Mr. Nile and would you mind if I take the public comment for you, sir? Not so much. I guess a comment. But, uh, you know, we trust the process, which I've done throughout the community. But I guess I'm here more of hoping to hear from the developer what he plans on doing. Communication, I got was just just a letter. Not much more than that. So I was just here. Hopefully you find out what the. That's all I have. The in-I'm sorry. Your name, please. Mr. Bryan Wilson. All right. Thank you, sir. Mr. Nile. That's that's what I had. I'd rather just let the developer speak. I might as well know what is what is he thinking in this area? Because that's going to kind of help make decisions. Mr. Devy. Um, so yeah, I appreciate the questions. I completely understand the concerns, the questions that come with it. It's part of the process. Um, I guess just a little background. I came here in 1996. I'm Canada originally. My mom's a French teacher came here for a French teachers conference. And she knew I wanted to play baseball. And she made it a point to go find the college coach, not knowing anything about US. At the time, that's a great hat, by the way. And she got a ride from another teacher that she met. Those from Crowley to go to the baseball field and introduce itself to Tony Robyshow. And my mom is barely five feet tall. She really speaks English, but showed up and got his business card and I called him every day for two weeks until he finally said, look, if you can find your way down here, I'll let you try out. And so I came here not knowing anything about Lafayette. Really not knowing much about Louisiana. And, and then that was it. I brought my hockey skate to my hockey equipment. And they said, I didn't make the baseball team. I heard there was ice skaters at the time, but I came, made the team and made as a freshman and got my first college win against LSU with their place. And ever since then, I really have never left. I don't plan on going anywhere. I love this city. And one thing my dad told me before I came and I hate to pick on you, Mr. Mayor, but you mispronounce my last name. And that goes along with my story. My dad, when I came, he said, I'm a high school teacher. I'm not leaving with a bunch of money. I'm not leaving with a giant estate. But the only thing I'm giving you is my last name. And when you go there, I looked, I did the research. There's not a single DV in the entire area. So when you show up, you're the only diva that anybody knows. Don't screw it up. So I've taken that to heart since day one. And I really believe that my intentions are not to do anything that is going to negatively impact drainage, negatively impact the way of life. I live here. I mean, my kids go to a session. I live in Lafayette. I'll, I mean, there's some people in this room that I already know. So I can't look someone in the face and say that I'm making a profit on a development on the backs of other people. That's not going to happen. So to tell you what I'm doing with this property. I have a vision. Is it going to come to fruition? I don't know, but I know what we're starting with. So we have a deal in place with a, with a medical office, internal medicine. It's with the hospital here. A 9,000 square foot building on the front left hand corner of the property. Single story. My plan from the beginning in this property is what, what can I do to enhance things in young's build that are not being offered. And I'd be crazy to try to compete with sugar mill pond. But what, what don't they have that I could bring to the table? There's not many options for office for people that maybe want to own their own piece of property to have. There are contextual studio, CPA, whatever it might be. I want to be able to bring that to the table. Medical use. I'm a real estate broker as well. And some of the issues I hear from people that own restaurants and some of those services in young's village. Not much of a lunch crowd. It's, I mean, you can see the turnover on some restaurants here that it's. People are living here, but they're not staying here for work. So it's a component that's missing. My goal is, you know, when I invest in something, especially to this degree, it has my name on it. It means a lot. The start is of, it's a 9,000 square foot building. I told the architects that the design and what it's going to look like. It has to be equivalent or better. Feel like it's an extension of sugar mill pond. And that's what it's going to look like essentially. We don't have models or 3D renderings yet, but that's kind of started come together. The other side of the property would be a kind of a retail office use single story. We've gotten a little area for maybe a coffee shop. I've had some discussions with a few, you know, great companies that would be, I think, you know, attractive to people that live in young'sville to go to. More to the rear portion, what we're going to have to big detention ponds with fountains. It's called Park Bonay because I want to have a park like setting in there somewhere where if you're, you know, at the medical clinic or at a doctor's office, you know, and kind of walk out, have a little gazebo, like, you know, a nice little kind of park atmosphere. And then have some, some plots of land, some, some small parcels that someone could, could buy and, and have their own office in there. So that's, in essence, the game plan. But, you know, the rear portion of the land, we, you know, I don't know yet, we're, our focus is on the front parcel. And we'll just see how things kind of develop. But the one thing I can assure you all is, my intentions are not to do anything that will not allow me to look at each one of you in the face at the grocery store. Coffee shop or whatever might be and have one someone disappointed upset or mad because of something that I did that has drastically affected the quality of life. That's not my intentions and that's not what I'm going to do. So, I don't know if that answers some questions. But the only thing I know with certainty is a medical office, 9,000 square feet single story. And I told them it has to look like it belongs in sugar mill pond. And so those plans are in the works right now. Yes, sir. I live in the back from home on, on coverage drop. Yes, sir. I'm not going to do that. No. No. So, what I'm, what I'm hoping happens is that, that we get a lot of traction with selling parcels to people that want to build for an office for themselves. But, you know, it's a big parcel. So, I don't know if there's enough demand for it yet. So, that more than likely that parcel in the back is going to, is going to remain without being developed for a good while until the, the front parcel kind of identifies what it's going to be. Yeah, let me, let me share this, Mr., Mr. DV. Thank you. You've never, you've never corrected me all these years. I'm not a apology at it. I was saving it for the story. Okay. It was a good story. So, the remaining property behind these four proposed lots is remaining unplatted. So, any use there because it's unplatted would be coming and have a similar process to this, in which you would be notified if you are an adjacent landowner. Mr. DV sharing his vision, but that's not being, not being subdivided. It'll still be, it's still marked as unplatted. So, there's no action. I'm sorry. Yes, ma'am. I hate to interrupt. We have people that are streaming watching. So, if you wouldn't mind coming up to the microphone just so they could hear the... Yeah, the, yeah, the, we can't hear the, the questions. So, that, but if, I don't mind, maybe I can try to listen and restate it out of the room. I can give out the, the, the question. Yeah, if you don't mind. We live right behind this fence, there, on that background. And about two years, it has been through, it's not, you know, in the cell, and it's still laying down. But the question is that, you know, the question is effective, it can come very much further around. You can go to the bottom, you can call it that. So, you can go to the bottom, you can go to the back, you can go to the back. And about three years, not to go to the water. Okay. And the thing is, that's the way it's not all the way. Okay. And it would take now two hours. So, the, the question is about a tree at the back, the back fence line. Yes, sir. Is it, is it, is it, the track that it does cut back there every now and then? It can't get back there, it's closing up because of the oil. Yeah. Well, I have, we've been planning on getting a tree service company back there to start clearing out like all the, whether it's that particular tree, everything else to clean up everything in the back. Then we, we catch rain, we try to go back there, we catch rain again. And then these plants started happening. So, but that, that'll be addressed 100% and, and I'll make sure to get that on that as soon as possible for sure. Can we, can we get your name? Okay. I got it. I see it. I don't live here. Sure. Well, we'll, we'll, Mr. Devy has future plans for it and it, it becomes plated. You'll be notified again. Mr. Nylon. Mr. Devy, I just want to start off saying that, um, I love the idea with the, bringing in medical. I think that could be a huge thing here, someone who has a background in medical. I was speaking with someone this morning, actually, who said how, you know, when he first moved here trying to find a PCP in this area, it was difficult or a primary care physician. I know personally I have to drive into Lafayette. It would be ideal to have one that I could go here. They have a couple, but it would, with the size city that we have to bring in more medical professionals and giving people a choice is huge. Especially bringing in any type of specialist as well instead of having to go find the traffic within Lafayette. So I do appreciate that. The question that I have with the way that this is set up with your, with the three lots. I know that you just mentioned that you're focusing on that front section and developing that. The road is concerned and getting that road laid. Is that something that has to be done at this time? Could it be only up to a certain point to where we would then have to make that decision on the cul-de-sac versus the stub out? Because I think what comes into play here is if we make that decision on the cul-de-sac versus the stub out. And then business booms or whatever. And then you end up developing that future phase that's unplotted. Then we run into an issue where we have tons of traffic that's trying to come out of one area dumping onto Bona. And then we lose that ability from a development standpoint. So that's the thing that's in my head. I understand the concerns of the citizens that live in that area. And then we get it from when this entire area is developed. And we lose that ability of a stub out. Then we're having everyone from that one area. And everyone from Maxi Dullion dumping out on the Bona. It's going to be an extreme cluster right there. So just throwing that out there. Does it have to go that far right now? Couldn't it be addressed later when you have a more or a better idea of what that future phase may look like? I understand the point of your question. What's being presented on the plat for preliminary plat approval. It's the plat with conditions. It's if it's approved with the plat conditions. That's how the action letter would be written and would require the connection. Whether it's in this phase or next. But because that's only hearing tonight, I think that question should be addressed tonight. Unless. Let's show have a way to navigate that. But the plat. As presented shows the cul-de-sac. So it would be approved with the conditions of the ADRC or amended as you guys see fit. I think that's I think you're bringing a great question to the table. I think what I. Before just to I can appreciate it. What you're saying is may not be necessary today. But you're if we save that decision if and when the back as it develops. I think is what I'm we would love to be able to modify that decision. But I think as the action is tonight, it would it would probably need to be addressed. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Mr. Bulljohn. Yeah. I think that's just from a first responder aspect and maybe an avid traffic driver. This countless areas in our community where I feel like when we run into these traffic circles and traffic jams, I feel like everyone's looking for the next way out to kind of DBA traffic and whatnot. And the last thing I would want to do would be to make a cut through. For traffic to have heavy flow. However, for the time being, I think like a middle ground would be us put on some sort of like a security gay, almost like a key card access. Almost where emergency first responders could access the backside of the community versus having to go through. No, eventually we're going to have that roundabout at that intersection. And that's going to be a bit of a traffic jam just from exiting sugar and pond and whatnot. But in the event that you don't we don't want to use the stuff out. At least there's an access for us to gain through at the time being if we don't decide to do the cold as I grow out. I can't predict the future and what traffic was going to look like in any year from now. Bacon is part of the part of the interconnectivity. Yeah, part of the principles of interconnectivity. Yeah, what happens all the time we're running calls and we get stuck in you know 60 cars deep and we're just going to sit there and create more of a traffic jam trying to get through. And I hate to be for it to be a business that's you know, got to be a business on fire or someone need a medical attention and whatnot. But those things are going to happen. So those kind of things that leave you a need, but also don't want to be trying to create more of a problem with traffic just trying to flow through maxi do you know with 200 cars. So I don't know what the less of the evil is going to be, but I think having access to the time being maybe is a middle ground until we decide with the future development may be. You know, I don't think great point. I don't think the developer or his engineer have an have an issue with making the connection. I think the hesitation on the connection is based on the feedback of the residents that are in the neighborhood. Correct. So the developer has not the only they're only simply asking for clarification because it's a private road and the amount of easement that I think Garrett and Pam took note and understood. So I mean perhaps another solution. I mean, or just for discussion could be. I mean, if your intention was to build it. So if you have a bubble there like a turnaround. I mean, as long as you still own that property, if you come back to develop the back, I mean that. Called a sack may be required to connect in if you if that that's another. Scenario. Yeah, well, there was rush more. Rushmore was a call to sack and now it now there's a connection there. I mean, I think it's just a little bit of a north, north, north, rush more or south of just rush more thing. Yeah, Mr. Concern would be is obviously that plat probably only holds 10, 12 homes, average homes. But if you come with town homes, apartments, something like that. So again, jager. I mean, if I'm sitting here and you're trying to apply this right now and you're saying, hey, it's going to be a. 15 or 16, you know, 18 homes. I have no problem with not, you know, connecting. But if it's a apartment complex or a 40 town homes, that's that's going to start at a note. And I'm not trying to detour you from wanting to do that in the future. But I think I agree. I think the mayor's got a great idea is that. It's pretty unanimous with the max of the on residents and everything that we don't connect that at this time. And I would agree with that. But depending on what that future development is, we'll. You know, depending on what we do in the future, connecting it. And I think also those residents will be contacted again as well. And we can cross that bridge when we get there. Okay. Understand the point. We understand the concern of the residents. We don't mind the connection. That's why we did not object to the ADRC report. Both ways. But it also allows exit from the max of do your residents to get to get to that west side. Right. As an additional outlet. Oh, I completely agree. I think that, I mean, you know, I look, I respect the residents that have lived there. Some of them, I know for that's their generational home. Nothing but respect, I think. And I think I think that's why we can tell you examples throughout the city where we've missed opportunity for connectivity. And I can also tell you areas where connectivity has benefited unbeknownst to them at the time. Everyone that's in it. So I think that's why it's just, I think that's kind of why it's delicate. I do think for you know, what Mr. D.V.'s describing today, medical offices, 9,000 square feet day time use. use, you know, that is one use I just would be hesitant to mix it. We don't know what's ever happening in the back yet. You know, so if you lose that opportunity based on your decision today, you may lose it forever. I mean, if it if I mean unless I'm and unless I'm missing something, I mean, if you if you were to accept it as it's drawn, there is no connection. But if it comes back, I mean, it's it's a it's a turnaround of a private street. I think the issue is if I'm if I may, is that by saying that and Gary did the right thing by saying we accept everything from the ADRC, that's his recommendation. So I think what Mr. Ricks was getting after is if you're wanting him to do it like the cul de sac, then you have to say that you don't want that ADRC comment to be. So again, you know, for you guys originally, they had, when we met with them before they ever did it, they were going to connect. We said, Hey, you know, we took into account knowing that the residents, so they have been flexible to do either one ADRC says connectivity. I fully understand them. You know, you know, you know, living in a subdivision that we're gated in the back. And if you can't get around that tree, you can't get out. So you know exactly what it's like, because unless we open our gate in our subdivision, you are unable to get out when there's water around that road, which happened in the rain event two weeks ago. We also know connectivity was a good thing because when it rained, there were some roads that you can't get through and people had to change. And we had Walmart trucks going through, say, well, palms, because they couldn't get on highway 90. Not that that's what you want. I'm just saying that in the, when things happen, people look for an alternate route. I can tell you that, you know, if we ever get to doing that roundabout, that's going to be an area under construction and people will want to use this when they're trying to get out of Maxi. Do y'all road when we're going to be doing work on highway 90 to I can promise you when they are not able, when the construction is going to be right there. So an alternate route for them to be able to move would be good. But either way, we will, we will make them comply with whatever the decision is. Just if you want the flexibility, again, we can do just, I mean, last month, remember you guys gave us the flexibility to work with them as to what was best. You can put in there that at this time, you don't want it to be connected, but you want to leave, you want to reserve the right for later on could. It's up to you guys. But yes, if it comes back, just know that if it comes back and you decide at that point, then you would have to tell them to make the connection through the common area. They are reserving in this common area just so you guys know it is, this, this English does common area. If you don't know, then say that you want that common area to remain. We wouldn't want him to put a building. It says common area right now where we wouldn't want to somebody to take interest and want to switch the common area. And then there's a building that leaves us no potential to be able to do it. So I think if you guys want to put that you don't want it now, but that you, that what you do know is you want that area to remain common for that flexibility in place too, then you'll just have to make that exception. To the comments that the Gary made. That makes sense. I'm trying to be flexible. You know, understand what they want, understand what you guys want, and understand what could possibly happen. Yeah, common area wouldn't be addressed to where we wouldn't be able to build anything. Correct. The common area won't be addressed. So you know, you have it as common areas. So if you want it to stop, then, but you do have to declare that because otherwise Mr. Riggs has to connect it. You know, ultimately short, while I say short term, nothing is short in this, in this, from travel to the ground to completion, but what we're looking at the feasibility of whether we build out the road completely in the first phase, I think more than likely we're not going to. That we're going to focus on the medical building. And then that second plot developing that into retail office. And then, you know, that's kind of a third phase. And if there's market demand for it, at that point, you know, we look to build the road. I think ultimately long term, and you know, I can't make promises for anything, but what I'm envisioning is actually being a benefit to that cut through for that neighborhood because there will be services there that will be easy access. I think it'll be like the quality of what's going to be built and what's going to be there. I think it's going to be beneficial to that neighborhood and having a connectivity. I think we'll help enhance the neighborhood. But, you know, that's one person's opinion. But that's kind of how I see things play out for this development. It's a pleasure, the council, Mr. Niley. So I'm going to take a swing at this and just say that I will motion to approve with the exception to number 16 where the stub out street. It can still be dedicated, but does not connect to Maxi Dui on at this time until the future phase unplotted. Is brought forth? Is that possible? So your motion is to accept the report as presented except removing condition 16 on the ADRC report, which is the stub out streets required to be dedicated, constructed to the south towards Maxi Dui Ha, preserving that as common area and saving the opportunity for it to be a condition of the unplotted property to the east. All right. So motion by Councilor Nyland. All right. Second by Councilman Barraz. Is there any further council comment? Yes, sir. Mr. Mayor. It pertains to this and I apologize. I forgot Yosel has the name. Any time residents, citizens have an issue with trees, overgrowth, some of that. If you go to Youngsville.us at the top, report a problem. And then it gets filtered to the mayor's staff and the appropriate department and they can reach out from there. Would you say no? What's the problem? No, no, but they'll find out for you. They'll handle this. They'll work with you and that lay in order to do. I'm just saying that on behalf of everybody watching and everybody in the audience. Yeah. I live down the street from, so I'll take care of that. All right. All right. Is there any public comment relative to the motion in the second? Okay. This motion second. No public comment additional. Ms. Gidjurke is called to go. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Violin. Yes. Ms. Schelfine. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. Well, Mr. Devy, we are excited. I didn't want to influence the council's vote on this. Other than just to say that I can tell the council and the public every time I meet with you. I don't necessarily remember what you say, but I do remember how I feel and I think that that's indicative of from the meetings with Haley and I, we know that you know what the needs are in our community. When we've had questions about how to do development, I'm going to say town homes just because I know that you've done town homes and other areas. You've made yourself available to help us with other ordinances to help model developments after the work that you've done. So we're grateful that you choose them to work here in our community. So thank you. All right. A general item 7.1 is to proclaim May 11 through 17, 2025 as economic development week. Actually, I'm going to let Haley do it. So can I give it back to you? Okay. Sure. I'll read a line. I don't know about that. Well, thank you. Haley Leatherwood. I'll work in the mayor's office. And I'm here to proclaim economic development week. May 11 through 17, 2025, whereas the International Economic Development Council, IEDC, is the largest professional economic development organization dedicated to serving economic developers. And whereas the International Economic Development Council provides leadership and excellence in economic development for communities, members, and partners through conferences, training courses, advisory services, and research in-depth publications, public policy advocacy, and initiatives such as the accredited economic development organization program and the certified economic development designation and the entrepreneurship development professional. And whereas the economic developers promote economic well-being and quality of life for their communities by creating, retaining, and expanding jobs that facilitate growth, enhance wealth, and provide a stable tax base. And whereas the Lafayette Economic Development Authority, Leather, is proud and active member of IEDC, engaging in best practices led by IEDC and having two IEDC certified economic developers on staff. And whereas Leather has received three IEDC gold awards for its creative business retention, workforce development, and entrepreneurship initiatives, and a silver award for its re-entry workforce development efforts. And whereas the mission of the Lafayette Economic Development Authority is to catalyze job growth and capital investments that will lead to a strong and diversified economy, equitable access to economic opportunity, and an excellent quality of life in Lafayette Parish. And whereas Leather creates innovative collaborations between business, government, educational institutions, and workforce development organizations to produce a rich network of support that fuels progress. And whereas Leather provides resources and guidance to support businesses as they make decisions to start, expand, or relocate to Lafayette Parish. And whereas Leather engages in the best practices in business retention and expansion, business traction, workforce development, and talent attraction by fostering entrepreneurship and small business development by curating a positive business climate and by engaging in efforts to enhance quality of life in Lafayette Parish. Now therefore, it be resolved that the City of Young'sville, Louisiana recognizes the week of May 11th through May 17th, 2025 as economic development week and reminds individuals of the importance of this community celebration of the practice of economic development which supports expanding business and career opportunities and making lives better. It's signed by Mayor Redd. Thank you. I'd like to ask Mark to come up and join Haley and present the proclamation and feel free to floor Zures Mark. Mark is, where's a lot of hats, but he's our liaison on a lack of economic development authority for the City of Young'sville and it's a pleasure to work with him from our office. So, I want you to work with you all. And as a council, you all should know, well, I guess I was excited in the back because we talk about retail, we talk about daytime workers that need to be here in the City of Young'sville. And so when I heard that there was a development of either medical or some type of office, I was sitting back there really, really excited because we have talked about that. We need those daytime workers to stay here so that way, obviously like he said as well, the DV said as well, is that way the restaurants can also flourish as well. So I was really excited and hopefully he does everything he said for the residents of Young'sville. And it is wonderful to work with these two. So they are supporting and also they're representing the City of Young'sville very well. So I want to let you know that. And also Miss Champagne, we're excited that we're going to be working with you all as well on Tuesday to talk to the Young'sville leadership class at Red and White Day as well. So thank you all for this. Perfect. Take a picture. Yeah. Catherine, would you mind taking it for joining us up front and get Jala one more time to wake up? Mark, thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it. All right. Mark, thank you for all your efforts. Appreciate it. With the help of Lida and Haley, they're working on some great things. So I look forward to sharing more in the months ahead. All right. 7.2 Mr. Miles Cradors requesting a variance to the land use regulations to allow a reduction in the green belt to five feet into amid the requirement for our fence for an existing metal building to be used for a woodworking shop located at 118 Randi Road. Council, you have the on the back of the the agenda item request. You have the piece of property coincidentally. It's just in the same neighborhood that we just that we just discussed on max around the corner from Maxi. Do you know this is a piece of property that was purchased in August. My appreciation for it is that the landowner now is wishing to at least that space out as the variance request says, at least it out to be a woodworking shop. My appreciation is that there is a storefront here in Young'sville and this would be basically the production spot. So Mr. Cradors here. Yeah. You're welcome to come up, sir. Welcome, sir. The floor is yours. Good evening, council. My name is Miles Cradors. This is my partner Dakota Boroughs with the owners of the building at 118 Randi and like you mentioned, we'd like to put Mr. Mordy-Toups who has a storefront right behind the McDonald's in Young'sville. He's one man operation with occasional helper and he'd be working inside the shop from regular business hours. And also we don't mind putting a fence up if that's needed. I'm in Shambhai. Thank you, Mayor. I have just a few questions. It's the existing metal building that's there now is what he's going to occupy. Yes, ma'am. And there's a lot that's for sale when you face in that building on the right. Is it all of that property? It is all the property, but he'll only be utilizing the building. Okay, so do you all have plans for that lot? Not at the moment. Okay. And the drainage, there's drainage in the back. I know you're so that. So y'all are responsible for the drainage, right? Yes, ma'am. We actually connected to City Sewer. So we got off the septic tank and a city water. But yes, ma'am, we have the drainage just in the back. Right. And I know there's not 20, you wanted us to relieve you of the 25 foot buffer, where there's not 25 feet. I don't think between the buildings. And you said you don't mind a fence if that would be required. Where would you put a fence? If we need to put a fence in between the property next door. A adjacent to the fence. Okay. Thank you. Great woodwork. Yes. Mr. Ramara. Hey guys. So back to fence. So to the rear of the property as well, connecting to, what is that? Your 112. No, to 112. I think we're willing to do whatever's needed to accommodate. And then what, how do y'all come up with five feet, going from 25 to five? Well, that's all that's left on that side. I mean, I'm looking at the map. After that. Yeah. That's what I figured. Okay. Well, that's a good question, Ms. Barr. I mean, really, we just, when we put it through the land use matrix, this was, I mean, Gary applied the land use matrix exactly as it was intended. I mean, there are some. This is one of those scenarios. I mean, just, you know, out of respect for the neighbors and the neighborhood. I mean, we didn't want to make any administrative decision on it to, to air on that side, which is why I felt that it was appropriate to bring it before you tonight. And has there been any discussion with permitting with the plumbing on the rear of the property? Or is that priority all purchasing it? We did do all the permitting necessary to tap into the city sewer and also city water. Yeah. This is, yeah, unrelated. I think one of the inspectors maybe trying to circle back with you. I think he had a question about that because I know you did get a permit. There was a question that came to our office and I think they were going to be circling back with you. They just, I'm sorry, I just don't know the particulars, but there's something that they, additional that they would need there, but just as an FYI. Absolutely. I mean, I do agree with the, I'm glad you're willing to do the fence because obviously the residents to the next, next of y'all, obviously, he's going to be five feet in less. I would help with, I don't know what type of woodworking cutting wood or what he might do during the day. And then on the rear of the property connecting to 112 would be what I would assume because there's already a fence at 112 from what I'm seeing on the map. At this moment, there's no fence around the property at all. At 112? That's the side of the system. No, that's not. There's no fence on the back when I talk about connecting to this value from like Mr. O's. Mr. Genesons. That's er, yeah, that's the one. Well, your own that lot also, right? Yes, man. I'm sorry. Yes, man. It's still a sales sign. It's, it's, yes, it's supposed to be just the one sign. He's talking about that, that fence on that side connecting back, right now. Yeah. On the other side of the property. Yeah. Mr. Nylon. Mr. Nylon. The, um, the furniture storage is going to be inside or they want to store it outside. Oh, sorry. Could you clarify when you said furniture is being stored? The woodworking, uh, it said some, some of his woodworking that he finishes is he going to be storing any of that outside or is it going to be all indoor? He has a shop, a showroom, uh, RoboHarmig also, everything we get moved to there. All the, all the working in the wood will have nothing outdoors as far as we, as far as we know. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I don't, I'm not, I'm not as worried about a fence all the way along the back just on between the neighbors, um, because I mean, that lots probably been like that for decades. So, um, I don't think that's necessarily. Mr. Shumpun. Yes, sir. May I thank you. I have a motion to approve with a fence along the side between, uh, metal building and the neighbor. I don't know which, would that be? So that's the, I guess that's the southern side, uh, under the northern side, excuse me. With a fence on that side. No, we're there inside. Okay. All right. Uh, let's see. Mr. Volga. Oh, second. Seconds. Any council discussion? Mr. Romero. I think we have to, we have an opportunity here to, anytime we have new development or change an ownership development or something to do fencing along bordering properties. So whether you own all that or not, I do think on the rear part, there needs to be some type of fencing or something to coincide with between the two. Because if there's not the other property gets sold, that property gets sold, it's going to develop input offense. You own both as two type of lights. So, I mean, it's a missed opportunity. I think fencing at all will be bringing it all together, but that would be my sub-motion to make sure we, uh, fence completely the back and rear side of the property, as well as what you motion for between the two buildings. Okay. Mr. Romero is making a substitute motion. Is there a second on the substitute motion? All right. That, um, there's no second on the substitute motion. Is there any public comment? Yes, Mr. John. You walk in the comfort. Sir. I have the adjacent property. Uh, after speaking to everyone in the neighborhood, no one wants a business coming into the neighborhood. I talked to all the homeowners and because it was right next to me, they all were all against it. Uh, I've spoken to the gentleman. Uh, I'm from my understanding. He has good intentions. But people in neighborhood just don't want another business coming into the neighborhood. Uh, because they're saying like we open the door, we're not telling them what's going to come in down the road. Uh, my wife, and then my wife had concerns and I didn't tell him yet, but she was worried about sawdust coming our way because we're only, my pool is like 30 feet away from the, the building, the metal building. So that was my wife's concern. She was going to come tonight, but she couldn't make it. Anyway, I wanted to address that. And like I said, from my understanding, the man has good intentions, you know, but, uh, no one in the neighborhood wants a business coming into the neighborhood. You know, there are a lot of spoke to several people. I tried to get some of them to come tonight and speak, but, uh, you see who's here. So anyway, that's what I wanted to say. Okay. Thank you, Mr. John. Is there any other public comment anyone else which I don't address the council? Okay, there's a motion and a second, uh, no public, no further public comment. Miss Kidri, please call the vote. Ms. Barrett? Yes. Mr. Bogyano? Yes. Mr. Romero? No. Mr. Violin? Yes. Miss Shantline? Yes. Motion approved. Resolutions, 8.1 resolution, 2020, 5.09 resolution, authorized and directing the mayor to execute four on behalf of the city of Youngville, the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, and active substantial completion from Lillas, construction LLC pertaining to the completion of a contract for the waterline interconnections, 2024. Motion. All right, motion by Mayor Pro Tem, Colgiano. Second by Councilman Barrett's. Any council discussion? Any public comment? This is the completion of the waterline interconnections project which is basically enabling us to move more water from our new water plant further south. So that's why you've seen some of the water lines being put along the railroad, street area, and also shim and metterie at Giata, I believe, is some basically just to bring our production further south. So that's a pretty quick job. I think they've only been out of about 60 days. So all right, there's no public comment. Mr. Gidrupp, please call the door. Mr. Violin? Yes. Miss Shantline? Yes. Miss Faris? Yes. Mr. Bogyano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. Excuse me. Agenitom 8.2 is resolution 2025-10. A resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Yung Zuo to execute a water and sewer agreement with St. Martin. Paris government to provide water and sewer services to an unincorporated portion of metterie place subdivision. All right. Motion by Councilmember Romero. Second by Mr. Bogyano. Is there any council comment or question? Any public comment or question? Okay. If there's no public comment, Mr. Gidrupp, please call the door. Miss Shantline? Yes. Miss Faris? Yes. Mr. Bogyano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Violin? Yes. Motion approved. Agenitom 8.3 is resolution 2025-11. A resolution authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to the DOTD transportation alternatives program. Also known as DOTD tab for a sidewalk project along Highway 89 and further approving a 10% cost match in local funds. Motion by Councilman Shantline. And a second by Councilman Barraz. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Miss Gidrupp? Miss Gidrupp, excuse me, call the vote. Miss Faris? Yes. Mr. Bogyano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Violin? Yes. Motion item 9.1 is ordinance 367.1 2025. In ordinance of the city of Youngsoe, Louisiana, meaning the Code of Ordinance is chapter 20 taxation. Article 2, hotel occupancy tax section 2019 tax levy to address short term rentals. Motion by Councilmember Romero. A second by Councilmember Bogyano. Any council comment or question? Any public comment or question? Any public comment? Any public comment? Miss Gidrupp, please call the vote. Miss Faris? Yes. Mr. Bogyano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Motion approved. In turn item 9.2 is ordinance 498 2025. In ordinance of the city of Youngsoe, Louisiana, meaning the Code of Ordinance is chapter 155. Traditional neighborhood development. A men design standards for traditional neighborhood developments. Miss Shantline. Yes, ma'am. I'd like to motion to table this ordinance. In tail June, we still have some work to do on it for the next month. Okay, yes, ma'am. So motion to table by Councilmember Shantpine. Seconded by Councilmember Romero. Motion to table are non-devatable. Miss Gidrupp, please call the vote. Miss Shantpine? Yes. Miss Faris? Yes. Mr. Bogyano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion to table 9.3. Ordinance 499 2025. In ordinance of the city of Youngsoe, Louisiana, meaning the Code of Ordinance is chapter 12 nuceses article 4. Junked motor vehicle section 12140. Definitions to revise junked items. Miss Shantpine. Motion to approve. All right, thank you, ma'am. Second. Mr. Bogyano seconds. Any? I have a note on section 3 of the ordinance. Number 6, abandoned recreational vehicles was duplicated, so we'll strike that and renumber it 6 to 9. All right. Good with that. Yes. All right. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or discussion? All right. No public comment, Miss Gidrupp, please call the vote. Mr. Bogyano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nguyen? Yes. Miss Shantpine? Yes. 9.4 ordinance 525 in ordinance of the city of Yangsville, Louisiana, many of the code of ordinances. Chapter 2 administration. Section 2-1 court costs to establish rules for mayor's court. Retro motion. All right. Emotion by councilmember Bogyano. Yes. Yeah. Second by Mr. Romero. Any council comment or discussion? And this would be with amendments as proposed in the packet. There is some language out of our city attorney. As an indict. That's right. There has been a few modifications to that ordinance that are indicated in blue. In blue. And the new changes are in blue. Is there any public comment relative to the adoption of ordinance 525? Mr. Romero, do you have a question? I was still just on the key. All right. Any public comment? All right. No public comment. Miss Gidrupp, please call the vote. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Romero. Motion approved. All right. Ordinances for introduction. Genitam 10.1 is ordinance 5-0125. In ordinance of the city of Yungzul, Louisiana, I'm mining the official map of the city of Yungzul, providing for the annexation of additional land into the corporate limits of the city of Yungzul. Louisiana, be in the track owned by Roslyn boat, boat and consisting of 1.015 acres. Located in section 17, township 11, south range 5 East Lafayette Parish, as shown on that map titled map showing property to be annexed into the city of Yungzul, Louisiana, 337, Barcliffe Road, prepared by Jonathan El Bujois, professional land survey, or dated April 2025. It's up for introduction. Miss Champagne. I have some questions. Is the property owner here? That was the annexation. We'll. Sir, yeah, come on up, sir. Good evening, Brandon. Oh, yeah, my action. Not the property only with engineering survey and company representing the owner. Okay. There's, is there a home on here? Right. I don't see anything. Yeah, I don't see anything. I don't see anything. I don't see anything. What are they going to? What do they want to do with this property? So part of her property was was already in the city limits. Yeah. Yeah, I heard the flat. She had one parcel in the city and one parcel in the town. She wanted to come on. This is the second one. She this is her. She needed to combine it first. Okay. And then because she, because they moved a trailer on it, remember they moved a trailer on. It was really, and then this she wants to combine it so that she now has everything in the city. So that's what this was for. If they water and sewer to this area, because Brickly, if they know, it's a yes. Because I know that next one over, I don't think has. It has. Okay. Just water. Do you anticipate you so want to add sewer? Connect. I don't know if they can connect there. I don't know where the sewer line is. I'm not sure it's available, but the lot size is large enough to do a treatment. In the treatment. Okay. All right. Thank you. Mr. Romero. I was going to motion to upper board nets. Number 501, 2025. All right. Thank you, sir. Motion by Mr. Romero. Mr. Nylon. Second. Second by Councilmember Nylon. Any council comment? Any discussion? Any public comment or discussion? Okay. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Ms. Baryas. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Ms. Nylon. Motion approved. 10.2. It's ordinance 502, 2025, an ordinance of the city of Yangsville, Louisiana. Declaring its intent to acquire full ownership of a movable property designated as a lot, 87 sugar land of states. Motion introduced. All right. Motion by Councilmember Volgiano. And a second by Councilmember Nbara's. Any council comment or discussion? So what's happening is this is an adjudicated piece of property that we're going to go through the process and assume ownership so we can then declare it as surplus and try to get it back in the commerce. That's great. So. All right. Any public comment? Right here in on misgidry. Please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. And a gen item 10.3 is ordinance 503, 2025, an ordinance of the city of Yangsville, Louisiana. Aminion chapter 20, taxation, article 3, sales, and use tax. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And a second by Councilmember Volgiano. Any council comment or discussion? All right. Any public comment? All right. There's no public comment. Misgidry. Please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Ms. Vares. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Motion approved. All right. Susan, you want to come on up with your report, please? And then we'll go to Pam. So you have our report in front of you. The wastewater plant. We're doing the final coordination. We should be able to advertise her bids in a couple of weeks. We've got all the approvals. This would put us probably issuing the notice to proceed sometime in September and with construction completion. In October of 2026. That's the call. Um, pump station four. Um, we, uh, I just sent a recommendation for a substantial completion to the mayor. They just have a few items to finish up there. So that's going well. Pump station three, which is the one on Young Street. The pumps were finally delivered on May 2nd. Um, they're going to mobilize next week. That works and take too long. So, um, that's going well. The water plant. We're at about 62% complete. The filter building walls are pretty much complete. Filters are coming in in June. So, um, that's still on schedule. We're still for the sugarmaupe on upgrade. We're still working with a tried and Jordan Dagle to try to define the route for this new force main. The waterline interconnection. I'll just accept it at, um, that went really smoothly. They have a couple of cutting valves to put in. Left, but, um, everything went well. They are very quick. Pump station five. Um, we are still working on that. The survey is being completed. Probably in the next week. So, any questions? Any questions for Susan? Susan handles our water and sewer. In all the expansion. Um, maybe a good opportunity for me to share. That we did LDH Louisiana Department of Health. It issue the water grades for the two water systems that the City of Youngsoil operates. Proud to announce that we did receive an A on both. This is only their third year of giving. Rank rankings. We did have it A last year as well on both systems. But it's worth noting that both systems did go up 12 points. So I want to commend. He's not here this evening, but I want to commend Alex Meseroll, who is our utilities director. He's a great speaker. His team, uh, Stetson Peters. Uh, Caden and, uh, I believe there's another operator too that I'm leaving out. Wade. Jean met. What is it? Jean Bennett. Like Jean Bennett ran. Sorry. Jean Bennett. Excuse me. Um, anyway, very, very proud of, of the accomplishments. I'm going to go to the phenomenal team of very conscientious water operators that have gone through all the schooling. The education that our water department has today is unprecedented in our city's history, which is very appropriate. Considering that we're taking that we're bringing online. A new water plant that's going to be quadrupling easily our daily production. So Susan, thank you for all your guidance and support over the years. So we're happy to have some of the water project. That's two. Yeah. Yeah. We all. We all are. We all are. So anyway, so congratulations to Alex and his team and Susan. Thank you for everything that you're doing. Pam. Okay. So fortune rode the mill and overlay project that started construction today. Um, for the next two weeks, just let from Bonan to highway 89, we will be down to one lane. They do have traffic flaggers there. So we are the projects being milled and overlaid under construction. I mean, under traffic. So part of why we're trying to get that done is because right after that's done is when we're going to start diverting people, we should work because we're 80% done. Uh, and I say by 80% on the roundabout, we still have the other leg to do, but we will start using the roundabout and close a portion of highway 89 in June. So that is still our target to try to do that. So you've probably noticed on highway 89, there has been some slow and as in the same thing on fortune. So just expect some delays. We're trying to get, uh, you know, asphalt down and, uh, and so we can get that roundabout open and start work using that. Um, Larivia road, we did our pre-construction last week. So the contractor will be given notice to proceed in June right now. He's in his assembly period, trying to get his, um, you know, start ordering things and he'll start with the submittals. But the goal is to start that one after we've got fortune road open and people circulating there. But again, expect that to go on for a year. Um, I can tell you that we are just, uh, two weeks beyond one year in starting with both highway 89 and the fortune road roundabout. So they have made some significant progress with what they have done on those two project simultaneously all under, you know, under, under traffic. So I might seem like longer to people, but that's pretty impressive what they've done in the year. Um, Shima Agriab, I do have draft plans for that completed. Um, Anselm Kool-E detention pond, we're waiting on the core permit for that one. Once we get the core permit, we could finalize environmental so that we can get clearance to, um, make an all to get the property appraised and make an offer to, uh, the property owner. Um, Highway 92, the ultimate project, the expansion that we're still waiting on anything from the, the grant any decisions, I think they're usually out in like June. I think that's what it was last year and what they said. Um, but in the interim, we are working on some left turn lanes, uh, to do an interim solution that we are working on right now, um, between Bona and, um, St. Place. Um, the Prescott 92 roundabout, we are 65% complete. It's probably a little bit further along with that, but because we are working through some coordinating on some drainage stuff with, uh, Sugamo pond plans and want to make sure with the development you guys talk to want to make sure that all of the drainage coincides with the projects. Um, so, and then we're working on the tap. That's the resolution that you guys passed today and the mayor will be submitting that next week and we will be doing, uh, we are focused on from, um, a little bit a little north of hawk. Um, I think we're going to have two wards here, fill in towards the clock roundabout to fill in different gaps of the sidewalks so that at least that's contiguous and then move on to other phases in other applications. So we will let them know it's a, it's a face project. So, um, there's a lot of questions about a lot of moving pieces on roads. So, um, there's a lot of stuff that's a major major event probably happening in the next 30 days where the, the young so highway roundabout to fairfield will be opening, as Pam said, just, that's why the fortunes being overlaid today. 89 to bonans being done today. The next critical path will be the roundabout opening in the road to Bruce hard. So if you're going north on 89 roughly around the beginning of the summer north on 89. At fortune, you'll have to take the fortune fairfield connection to south Bernard or you can go east to bonan and we're going to take as much we're trying our best to maximize the calendar while schools out for the summer to really try to do some work. So, we're going to go on this center of young so highway that's under construction today. And then, as Pam said, the Lurivier project will be kicking off in June as well. So the press got roundabout. I mean, I think we're at a good place of the design of that that has it's probably, we still wanted, we still intend to do it. So, we're going to go to the right way we have the land. And I think that's going to be necessary for our build out, but we've kind of not shifted our priority, but we've made more of a spotlight on doing the improvements to the southern east west connector of improvements Jim and Agriab. So, working on improvements of highway 92 to incorporate churn lanes as Pam said and keeping our fingers crossed that will be successful with the grand opening in June, which funds much greater improvements for on east Milton from around south same place to feel crest. Any questions about any of the infrastructure projects. All right. Thank you, Pam. Tim unfortunately wasn't feeling well and had to leave, but council has reports in your packet. If you have any questions, I'm happy to follow up with him or you may do so yourself. Anything from my team, Paley. Okay. I just wanted to bring up tonight. St. Anne's is holding a fest per ceremony and dedicating an organ for the new expansion of the church and tomorrow night, it will be celebrating their inaugural mass in the new church. So, senior prayers to them and prayers of Thanksgiving for this new wonderful expansion in the heart of our city for St. Anne's and for all the parishioners. So, I know that they are very excited about that opening. Also, I want to bring up on Saturday, the young soul farmers market will again take place our second month. We've got more vendors that are going to be there this month than last month. So, we hope the community will show up eight to noon, foster memorial park. Please come out and support these local vendors. Appreciate the support so far, not with just the farmers market, but with all of the shopping local as was indicated by our sales tax report from Catherine. So, please come out and support those vendors. Also, after the farmers market, the FedO-O Fest is going to be taking place at the amphitheater from two to ten. There are three bands that are going to be out there. They are going to be out there in the city for the first time in a month. So, please come out and support the Lyons Club. The funding for that will go to some additional improvements at the inclusive playground. So, please go support our Lyons Club and check out the FedO-O Fest. More information. Obviously online. You can check out the event on Facebook. $50 to get in. Am I correct on that? Kids ten and under are free. Also, Chamberlunchen is next week 514 at 1130 at first assembly. So, please go and support our business community if you'd like to attend the Chamberlunchen members of the Chamber. Obviously, we encourage you to attend. Also, Guns and Hoses, presented by leadership young zils taking place on May 31 from six to nine at Sugar Beach. If you know Guns and Hoses, it's going to be our police department versus our fire department. So, come and support those guys. We also have a think a little bit of a challenge going on between our leadership classes. So, please come out support our Guns and Hoses event on the 31st. That's it. Any announcements from the council? Yes, sir, Mr. Romero. Oh, yeah. Great. Thanks. Just a couple of things or two things. Mainly great job. I know Tim's not here, but him and his staff. Great job working with you guys for a national day of prayer. That was probably one of the most powerful national day of prayers that we've had. I feel like every year it continues to grow. And Pastor Callum, he said it best. How do you get? I think it was nine past. In a room with no uneventful events going on. And there to be there. It's definitely act to God. And it was great. I'm glad we do that. And then I just wanted to say on behalf of a red recovery club of Youngsville, we have one more scholarship to give out, but we've given out. We'll be giving out $15,000 in scholarship money that we raise. That's 10 scholarship winners. All of them from the Youngsville area, four from Southside, two from Arca, two from Ascension and two other Youngsville residents. It just gets harder and harder to give these scholarships out because these kids keep raising the bar for us. But we continue to open our pocketbooks and give out a little bit more every year. So we went from a little three scholarships, $500 a piece to now, given away $15,000. And there's little club in Youngsville. So it's pretty great. And happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers in the room and listening in. Hope you enjoy your day. Thank you, sir. Mr. Miley. Yeah. Speaking medical again. So May is mental health awareness month. And I think it's something that a lot of people don't think about. I think it's important to take for granted. So just utilize this month to check in with your own mental health. How are you doing? Set some things in place to take some time for yourself, check in with yourself. Make sure that you're doing all right. Because the people around you that rely on you need you to be in your best. So focus on that. And then my challenge to you is social media is our biggest enemy. And I think that's the biggest thing that people who are who are struggling and they're trying to get that released. They're trying to just forget about what's going on in their life. And then you hop on social media. And unfortunately, all we post and tend to share is negative things consistently. So try to post three positives. Share three positives. So flood your feed with that type of stuff and really help help people out there who may be struggling because you don't know who's struggling. So in honor of mental health awareness month, I just wanted to bring that up. Thank you, sir. Any other council announcements? Chief, anything? No, you push the button. Yep, sure. Got it. All right. I didn't have one more thing. One of the officers that just started Monday brings 26 years of law enforcement experience to the department. Also, he's a military veteran. We're looking forward to working with him. Howard Bowen. Look forward to meet him. You couldn't make it tonight. So that's why I'm introducing him early. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Any other business for the council to hear? All right. There's no other business. Is there a motion to adjourn? All right. All in favor? Meeting adjourned. Thank you so much. Have a great evening.