 you you you thank you sorry miss All right, good evening everyone. Thank you for your patience. This meeting is called to order It's the regular meeting of the Youngsville City Council tonight is Thursday February 13th this evening I'd like to ask our friend of Youngsville pastor Joe Kormier from first assembly Youngsville to lead us in our invocation and if you'll remain standing councilman boroughs is going to lead us in the pledge Good evening everyone. Thank you so much for having Let's go to the Lord Heavenly Father. We thank you for just the immense amount of blessings and grace that you've bestowed upon our city Lord We just we just recognize you as being sovereign over this meeting today and we ask for your divine favor for fresh insight and perspectives as we discuss the business of this city Lord, we just pray for the for your blessing and your hand to be upon our citizens Upon their families Lord, and we thank you for that we just we also lift up our our schools and All of our students here in the city Lord. This is a city full of kids and Lord I just pray your blessings upon them Lord, we just thank you for the future leaders that you are raising up in the local schools So Lord, I just pray your blessings upon our time today and we pray these things in the mighty and matchless name of Jesus amen I All right good evening everyone again Jen item 5.6 Mr. Mr. Blanco has requested that item to be Move from this agenda so I anticipate that we'll hear that at the next city council meeting. That's a Jen item 5.6 Miss get your please call the roll Miss Boris here Mr. Volga here Mr. Marrow's abs and he's since apologies here Work obligation tonight Mr. Nylon here Michelle fine here Right agenda item 3.1 approval of the meeting minutes January 9th 2025 All right, I have a motion by Mr. Volgaano and a second by Miss Champagne. Is there any council comment any audience comment or question? Okay, hearing none Miss get your please call the vote Mr. Volgaano yeah, Mr. Nylon Miss Champagne motion approved all right. Thank you council 4.1 approval of the December 2024 finance report Okay motion by Mr. Volgaano A second by Miss Champagne any council comment or question? Miss Gray I've point three one percent over last year at this time and just Know this is our highest month ever Highest taxable sales ever yeah All right, is there any public comment or question? Okay, no public comment misgidory. Please call the vote Mr. Volgaano. Yes, Mr. Nylon Miss Champagne Miss spares motion All right, thank you council other business 5.1 is Like to a point a new magistrate judge who will preside over the city court and council for your recommending Miss Maria Petrie for that position Miss Petrie's here in the audience on on my right of known Miss Petrie for years she's been a licensed attorney owner of sure title and abstract She is also about a 25-year resident of youngsville I know her to be very active in the community. She's a previous chamber. I believe board member very active in the realtor association She was on the gumbo cookoff of Committee just one off the top my head that I know Over her practices mainly on title examination curative work as well as the preparation handling and signing of closing documents For residential and commercial properties situated in several parishes throughout the state of Louisiana But prior to that she's also done other work outside of title work But I've met with her she understands the responsibility Of which she will be tasked and I'm confident that she's up for The opportunity that presents itself For it to be the magistrate for the city of youngsville And Miss Petrie like I've mentioned here if anyone has any questions for her Yes, miss champagne All right, thank you miss champagne and second by mr. Volgiano. Is there any council comment or discussion? Can he public comment a question or discussion? All right, Miss Gidry, please call the vote Mr. Miley yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, motion crew Congratulations to miss Petrie And I also want to take the opportunity to thank magistrate Budetti for his years of service to the citizens and the community of youngsville So miss Petrie look forward to having you sworn in prior to the next court this week. So thank you look forward to Working with you. So yes, ma'am. Thank you All right, 5.2 is appointment to the youngsville municipal police civil service board Representing the college list board member for the remainder of a term from a list of applicants submitted by doctor ejos of Savoah president of the University of Louisiana Lafayette and a letter dated January 7th 2025 Miss champagne Yes, I have a question for our clerk. I know that you've added Or looked at the to make sure every all of these correct we're able to serve So what were you findings because I do see someone here that don't look like they live here any longer Only mr. Tavelle is qualified for the partial term Mr. Bares is no longer interested mr. Jake Abedie no longer lives within the city limits and miss Sam Kelly is now a public service Thank you at the appropriate time. I like to motion Mr. James Bubba's a bill to service at interim on the civil service board Yes, ma'am. Is there a second one miss champagne's motion me all right miss barris seconds. It's open for council discussion Any public comment related to this appointment All right, there's no public comment. We'll move to call the vote for the interim appointment Miss champagne yes Miss barris Miss barris. Yes Mr. Volgiano. Yes, mr. Nylon. Yes, all in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you council. A gin item 5.3 Appointments the young zool municipal police civil service board representing the college list board member for a three-year term From a list of applicants submitted by dr. e. Joseph Savoia president of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette and a letter dated February 5th 2025 Miss champagne I'd like to if any of the candidates are here if they'd like to speak may Any kin yes, sir. How are you doing sir if you wouldn't mind coming forward and maybe identify yourself. Of course, please Thank you. My name is Randy Vanacore. I've been a resident of young's bill for about 20 years I have a passive experience of I was a retired railroad worker I worked in the action investigation and the claims manager for a railroad Five years ago I retired and I became a private investigator license private investigator here in Louisiana and And if I am selected for the board I'd be honest to serve Well, thank you mr. Vanacore for being here, and it's a appreciate you coming up to spank you Or is anyone else here that is on the list submitted by dr. Savoia? I do have a question foul clerk I know that you you El submitted these names, but did you have an opportunity to look at these for this appointment after the correct all were eligible with the exception of mr. Dave Perret He is on our fire board. Therefore the state office Examiner's office Dean that he could not serve and and what is the date that we have to make this appointment? Do you know that right? 90 days from the expiration with February 18th, which is May 19th And I know mr. Ducey when I did talk to him he did tell me that he was he had prior obligations and he was not available tonight He was out all week Would we May or our way would we just Table this and move for another how how could we Because we have 90 days from the 18th to make the appointment Great if you want to take additional time to Learn more about your candidates that would be appropriate. So simply you would move to defer or simply pass on this Agendite Mad there's a appropriate time I motion to defer Okay, thank you mr. Champagne. I'll second all right. There's a second by council member Bolgiano to a second defer to defer so we're going to be taking a vote on this. So is there any discussion from the council? If there's no just any public comment related to I defer in this to a future meeting Okay, if there's no public comment misgidory, please call the vote on the deferral Miss Boris yes, mr. Bolgiano. Yes, mr. Nylon Miss Sean pine. Yes, all in favor motion approved Thank you Nicole. Thank you council agenda item 5.4 recreation advisory board appointments five members be recommended and ratified by the city council Let's see Misgidory how would you like to handle this? I will call on each division. They can announce their nominee and if you all are in favor of the nominee as a group you can make a motion in a second or unless you want to vote I want each one individually totally up to you guys So division a miss Boris your nominee please Cody do tell okay division B I'm gonna name a game You said you were keeping the same one which is Shannon Turner correct Okay, mr. Nylon Daniel Deville Shampai mr. David You have mr. Romero's and I'm sorry mr. Merrill did send me By mail it's email. It's in the packet. He is nominating mr. Renominating mr. Rocky reshore for division C's nomination Okay, council it said you're at your pleasure. You can you can move to accept them collectively or if you like to take them individually You certainly are welcome to do that as well Miss Boris I move to accept them collectively all right. Thank you. Miss Boris mr. Nylon second second or mr. Nylon seconds Is there any further council discussion? Okay any public comment That council is gonna be rat. Yes sir. Please come forward Yeah, no the so the the question from the audience is it is this a new board? It's not I was created by The city council Why 2009 2010 I think it was after that I think it was That's all in 10. It was it was discussing Yeah, it was after It was it was once I became the mayor so it was sometimes after 2015 but in the first couple years. I I would my answer would be about 2017. So all right Yes, sir Are any other public comment or question? Okay, misgidory please call the vote Yes Mr. Volgiano yes, mr. Nylon yes, yes, yes motion approved Right it's a none 5.5 Rosalind Bowdoin is to is requesting approval to begin the annexation of tract 8 a One which is 1.015 acres contiguous to 339 Barcliffe drive Council we haven't had an annexation request on a while so for your for our new members and for the public benefit annexations are done by Ordinance so they'll come before the council twice But in order to begin that process it does require Quite a bit of legwork which is at the expense of the property owner that's petitioning to be annexed That work involves surveying and it's a lot of shuffling a paper because it there's registered voters there It has to clear the register of voters office and multiple hurdles So just as a best practice what we've been doing as an administration is bringing it to you for consideration Before the applicant goes through any significant expense other than just simply making a request of petition from us So at your direction tonight if you choose to approve move and forward then we then the applicant will begin the expense And the process associated with moving forward and we would move it towards an introductory ordinance in your packet it would be the area that's highlighted in yellow and As as the description indicated on the title it is contiguous Basically, this is the property at the end of barcliffe road barcliffe road is off of guillot road It's near the end And if you were looking at the corporate limits of the city of youngsville This is an unincorporated pocket it's an unincorporated island There's nothing on that property now The the landowner is wishing to I think move a mobile home onto the property Which would therefore they would be getting As city water I think is their ultimate goal to have Of unless this unless somebody on the staff knows differently. I believe that's what they Wanted you Moving moving a mobile home which you can move a mobile home into the incorporated area You would just follow those guidelines Yeah, it's the same property owner that has the property and so they had one piece of property in the city limits and one piece of property That was unincorporated so they wanted all they want to both of their pieces of property in the city And yes, they're going to move a mobile home. I think for the daughter on the second piece of property But they wanted it all to be city So there's no there's nothing out there from the parish, but it is the same property owner They're not dividing it but it's they just how the properties One part was in the city limits and part not I don't know how that ever happened but did uh Did we give them the ordinance on the mobile home ordinance? Yes, in fact It's my appreciation that um That mobile homes already been vetted. It is um it is basically at the um Within the final year that would be acceptable to permit so um but yeah, they are Yeah, there's plenty of separation and everything for them to meet the ordinance. Yeah, I'm speaking about the age requirement Yeah, yeah Pam can tell you more it's an additional acre property So there's sufficient room to meet the enhanced Setbacks sweet Any other comments or questions from the council Okay, it's up to you if you'd like to uh make a motion to move forward To approve the beginning of the annexation process all motion All right, thank you miss Bolgiano in second by mr. Nylon Any other council comment or question any public comment or a question Okay, um, mischiedry, please call the vote Yes Yes, mr. Volgiano yes Nylon yes, yes, motion approved All right as I mentioned 5.6 is being has been removed and we'll be back at a later agenda 5.7s the bid review for the waterline interconnections when it invites Susan to to come forward While she's doing that, I'll tell you that the funding source for this is going to be for We received a direct direct appropriation through one of the supplemental acts of the last state the last regular session for $600,000 with no local match That's my that's my understanding right in this case or no local no local match and the purpose of this project is to basically move Water that will be producing at our new water plant To to serve areas south of the city so it's basically to Distribute it's to aid in the distribution of our new water that'll be produced from the new water plant Susan Yeah, we received five beds Our low bed um, the estimate was 650,000 Our low bed was from Lilla construction LLC for 568,486 We had three additive alternates for isolation valves in the downtown area We recommended that alternate one which is the installation of two eight inch Isolation valves on school street and fourth street. We recommended that additive alternate be accepted So the resulting total contract price would be 596,086 dollars which is within the 600,000 dollar funding And for members of public this because this bid opening was this week. This is not in if you're viewing I forgot to mention the beginning, but there's a QR code on the side of the side of the room that you can scan it It takes you directly to the to the same packet that our council members are looking at Within that packet these bid estimates have did not make the the packet distribution because bids were open this week But we do have copies of those bids here at the front By mr. Trahan if everyone if anyone would like a copy Right it's up for council action when at the at the appropriate time One thing Well, while y'all are reviewing I'll also I'll just share that The isolation valves are give us more flexibility and controlling enough when there's a water break a water line Repair that needs when we can isolate You know that particular area that's less people that may be affected by an outage That also gives us greater opportunity Since we do operate to water systems if we need to You know change You know i-cell Redirect the flow of the distribution from our water systems, you know in that in Limited events when we may have to do that So that's the purpose of the isolation but in our new developments We require isolation valves. They're pretty they're standard with new development that we're accepting through private Infrastructure so this area that the that we're adding isolation valves are in The original part of our city when isolation valves weren't as common place All right, mr. Volgiana make a motion to proceed with the lowest construction All right, including alternate one. Yes, including all through one I'm sorry. I did not notice. I'm assuming that we that this was budgeted But in the event that it wasn't should we I'm in the budget accordingly. I mean it is it is going to be grant revenue coming in It's no it's grant revenue coming in that we would be Correct Okay, so be accepting the accepting the bid alternate one and remaining the budget accordingly Okay, so make a motion to accept the alternate bid one and a minute of motion accordingly All right, thank you Miss Barra is comfortable seconding all right. Thank you, ma'am Any council comment or discussion any public comment a question any discussion All right that pretty quick turnaround on this work. Uh, mr. Gidry please call the vote If I can get to work miss Barra Miss the Volgiana yes, mr. Nylon yes, miss champagne yes motion for Anything else Susan? No, I mean I spoke to the contractor. They're ready to go very quickly Which is great because oh, he's here. Oh, okay. All right Well Looking forward to working with you. So congratulations. Yeah, they're ready to go awesome good. Yeah, well We're excited about it. So thank you and looking forward to working with you sir All right, we're clear. We're good. All right. Thank you All right 5.8 discuss and consider amending the 2024 2025 Young's Police Department budget The amount of 24,500 to provide funding for a roof replacement and painting at 304th Street There's a quoting you're in your packet council for that that this My understanding is that we did get a couple of quotes chief Yeah All right, mr. Volgiana. Yeah, I like to make a motion to go ahead and proceed with council or construction to get the roof replaced Um as well as the exterior painting. I spoke in the chief about this last week or two and when I had to go to the building myself And it's definitely some some disrepair and it's been neglected for a while. So I think it's will be a good addition. So I'll get done Perfect. All right, mr. Shampon second all right mr. Shampon seconds any council comment or discussion any public comment this is how all the roof is It's We haven't replaced it to my knowledge. So not not during my time it I mean that it's possible. It's the original it's the original one I think Does it you have a Yeah I don't know offhand you know offhand from the plaque in the front when when we dedicated that building I want to say sometime in the 90s. Yeah, that's what okay Okay All right any other comment or question All right if there's no public comment, mr. Gidry please call the book the champagne. Yes, this bar is yes the ballgiano Yes, mr. Nyland I should approve all right. Thank you and uh In chief, we'll probably need to just make sure through um Through Catherine's office that we have the if there's any additional paperwork probably like a W9 or the few other the insurance Yeah, and then we'll be good to go So all right 5.9 is to discuss and consider many the 2024 2025 budget and the amount of $2 million for design and land acquisition for the LWI Anselm Kool-E regional retention pond project to be fully funded by the Louisiana water shed initiative grant program. I'll let Pam maybe say a few words about it You're Trying that again. There yeah, um, I think I'm giving updates every month with regards to this I think we've just never realized the grant and the in the budget, but this is 100% paid for out of the money that came from the 2016 flood through LWI so there were two pots of money that came to the state one was the hmgp money Which is what your other detention ponds were paid for and this is through money that came in through HUD And so that's what's paying for the anselm Kool-E regional detention pond. We are about 90% So complete with the plans that we have worked with them. So We've submitted our plans. We've submitted our drainage study got comments back. We just resubmitted again today We're basically waiting on a core permit Once we have the core permit all of our environmental will be done and they will give us When they approve that we get permission to start buying the land so we need to be in the position to be able to Start negotiating to buy to purchase the land again 100% paid for by the federal government and OCD which is going to be the ones administering there much quicker than go set Yeah, that's that was a big question that I had Mr. Paul John motion to except Second all right misshaun pine seconds for the public's benefit this is Anselm Kool-E's what what drains the Western side of our city that is so who would benefit or who's impacted by this it's South Lake Windom here Routinite to area St. Blaze So all of that on 92 go in west Yeah So this day when we when we made the grant applications for the hmgp projects Which is what funded our seven other regional ponds while we were waiting on those projects on our other two major drainage channels This the the Anselm Kool-E's where Terry and I did do a lot of work that's so an anselm is where you have the the the veterans drainage Pond project the Now bark park drainage pond project the Louisiana gym drainage pond project Think that's it. Yeah, so this is going to compliment that even further. It's about 20 acres 20 acres. Yes 20 acres So it in we're looking the modeling that Pam stunts in the vicinity Near the veterans park You know that yeah the Anselm Kool-E kind of crosses route or highway 92 Opposite We still have to you know go through the land process But that's that's kind of the area that we're that it would this would be targeting the Anselm Kool-E then crosses Behind like South Lake crosses at that car lot at Verod and goes into Milton eventually drains out to the Vermillion River. Yes. This is basically going to be located west of ascension property west Seater hills All right. Thank you Pam any public comment or any any council questions or clarity on this So we would be basically This is a reimbursement program. So we will be submitting expenses in including the design That's correct. Yeah design land acquisition and construction So all right misgidory please call the police This bar is Yes, mr. Volgiano. Yes, mr. Miley. Yes, miss champagne Motion approved Thank you Point 10 is discussed and consider many the 2024 2025 budget Any amount of 500,000 to appropriate funding for the highway 92 Prescott boulevard roundabout project to be reimbursed By capital outlay grant funding This is money that was already allocated in the previous years capital outlay program I believe it's a direct appropriate another direct appropriation Um, but we are at a point within the design that Like to be able to start reimbursed in our consultant for the design work So we'll be seeking future funding to for the construction. That's correct All right All right, uh, miss champagne motion to move, but that was my question. How far are we on that project? Yeah, I'll let about 50% all of our our surveys done We've got our alignment we started doing plans and we also have our geotechnical borings and a report we just received for our Pavement thickness design. So we're pretty far along. Okay. Thank you My friend Vincent's in the audience who used to be on auto's committees So good seeing you. Thank you for being here Mayor boule is liaisont our to local government Uh, miss Volgiano also I can all right. Thank you sir any council comment or question Any comments or questions from the public capital outlay is is it's 80 20 or 75 25 75 25 meaning 75% of it's funded by the state so All right, if there's no comment or question misgidious call of a miss Volgiano. Yes, mr. Nailin. Yes, is champagne. Yes, as far as yes All right, thank you council Five point Five point eleven discuss and consider amending the 2024 2025 budget in the amount of $8,000 five excuse me eight thousand fifty five dollars to facilitate funding for the Akaneana Criminalistics laboratory district and accordance with city resolution 2020-19 council the city council in 2022 passed a resolution The Akaneana crime lab is funded by capital outlay dollars and At the time there was a request from i believe it was the district attorney For everyone that would be utilizing that crime lab to contribute to the matching funds Similar matching fund requirement to what i just alluded to for the roundabout project So that local that local match was being Pro-rated Uh, by every i guess community that would be utilizing this project So there's the the the previous council agreed to it But now they're they're asking for collection of it and we don't have it in the budget We didn't put it in the budget. I didn't know when that was come and do Miss Boris I make a motion All right. Thank you, ma'am and mr. Nailin. I'll second all right. Thank you sir any public comment or question If there's no comment or question misgidious call the vote mr. Nailin. Yes, yes, yes, Ms. Barraz. Yes, well the gianno Well, it was impressive. Yes, the tongue time we should approve All right, thanks council six point one resolution 2025 Zero to a resolution authorize in the mayor the city of young zoote executed grant agreement between the u.s department of Transportation's federal highway administration and the city of young zoe under the fiscal year 2024 Safe streets and roads for all ss for a grant program Applicable to the young street intersection safety improvements and approving at 25% And recipient share so this is a grant with a 25% share that we've previously announced And this is just allowing us to to shuffle all the paperwork necessary with it Miss Boris is this the one that Bruce or Lafayette young bill Great question in yes, it's this is the intersection improvement at the at the four-way stop sign of young and We're north and south of the Riviera meet It's grant application the projected cost of the improvement At the current engineer estimate is 3.7 Million set which is basically 700,000 of a local match that 700,000 of a local match Would be shared 75% young zoo 25% City of Broussard and then as a credit to both of our shares the landowner At that intersection Where has agreed to donate the the required Right-away or the anticipated right-away so the value of that land donation Will then go towards our 25% match and it'll be The way the agreements drafted now is at 75% of that credit would go to youngsville share 25% of it would go to Broussard share So that's right, wait, yeah, that's right. So Miss champagne. Oh, so did you I know you had a question to make a motion No, I'll make a motion. No Thank you miss champagne miss champagne seconds any public comment question or discussion All right, there's no comment misgidry. Please call the vote Miss champagne. Yes, this bar is yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Nylon. Yes motion approved 6.2 resolution 2020-5-03 a resolution of the city of youngsville declaring two fort explores from the city of youngsville police department As surplus property and authorize in the mayor to donate the vehicles to the town of Baldwin police department In accordance with Louisiana revised statue 38 23 19 21 police units You know I mean Delta may said they needed some units there There are the ones were unrepairable. So asked if they have any units were getting rid of Any asked if we could donate a couple to their department. Yeah, these are these are units council that are The replace these units over the last I don't know time period. I was gonna say a couple of years But I don't know if that's factually correct these units have just been really sitting on four street and a bizarre desire to surplus them Yeah, there's down decommissioned units most of them have over a hundred thousand miles and The cost per mile Was getting excessive on the units so the decommissioned them. Yeah, all right Mr. Bolziana Oh, it's a motion to prove resolution 2025-03 All right. Thank you sir. Miss Sean pine. I have a question. Yes, ma'am But chief is this all of them or do we still have other vehicles on that lot? We still have a couple other vehicles on the lot um in the next item. I think that's coming up. They have three that are we sold to generate and uh In my One going to Milton fire department is it possibly and um So there's two other two other older explorers and a Jim core that's unreparable. They don't make the ports for anymore That I could be going to auction Okay, thank you. So we're looking at this at tonight would be um five five of them Yes, yeah, the Jim core that's the We're looking at all for them Yeah, they tried to bring it to the shop to get repaired and they say don't make parts for it anymore So it's You can't drive it sweet. That was something that was bought second hand. Yeah, a few years ago. I don't quite a well known, okay Miss Sean pine. It's that that's satisfying. Yes, sir. Thank you. All right. Miss Boris. Yeah, I'm just curious so In total in these it looks like we're getting rid of approximately seven explorers How many patrol cars do we have and how many patrol men do we have do we have in the vehicles? Yes, we do have enough vehicles. These were already decommissioned before I got there. Okay, yes, we All right, uh, let's see. I know mr. Boljano second. I'm sorry made emotions there a second All right, miss Sean pine seconds any council further council comment or discussion any public comment or question about this agenda item All right, misgidory. Please call the vote miss Faras Yes, mr. Volgiano. Yes, mr. Nylon. Yes, yes, motion approved All right six point three resolution 20 25 0 4 resolution of the city of youngsville declaring movable property a surplus Inassignment for internet auction I don't know if we gave this is this was the car Did we put information about this? The details some bumpers or some accessories? Yeah Some old whiteing and stuff like that that it's vehicle specific that came off a soul old crown Victoria units Handed over I think it's two push bumpers. It's in here. That was the only other equipment. It was given Yeah All right Missful john I like to make a substitute amendment or motion to this resolution To adopt the resolution 25 as 0 4 is amended to declare unit number 23 a surplus property and authorize the mayor to donate vehicle As is where is the milth and far department in ordinance with Louisiana revised statute 38 23 19 dot 21 Council y'all understand but when mr. Volgiano's requesting so yes That's three units that we're going to internet auction or just two of them. I'm sorry. There should be that too Yeah, it should be two should be two and so one it yeah one of them I'm making an amendment to donate one to built in far department and leave the other is internet auction Okay, so we're gonna have a forward explorer go to auction the little jam gem and two push bumpers will go to auction and then unit number 23 is gonna go to milk and far department Donate yeah, they had a one of the Assistant chiefs or captains had reached out Ask if we had any units available Just so happen to be this is on the agent and tonight they wanted to use one for a medical unit for squadra purposes So being that they're low in funding a contacted chief and Nicole So number 23 the older the 2014 you know, okay, I got you All right any any comments or questions from the council and then miss borrowers Okay, all right miss borrowers seconds mr. Volgiano's the sub all right the new The new resident motion Modifying the resolution all right any council comment any public comment everybody clear on what we're doing All right, it's good. You please call the vote mr. Volgiano. Yes, mr. Nguyen yes, yes, miss borrowers. Yes motion approved 6.4 resolution 2020 4 0 5 resolution of the city of young zoo declaring three Sorry, sorry declaring three four it explores from the young zoo police department of surplus property and authorizing the sale of such surplus property To the city of genera police department in accordance with Louisiana Revised statue 38 23 19 21 police units These will also decommission Was a question these were also decommissioned. Yes, ma'am. They're all completely stripped out Okay, I made a mistake earlier I said five Shannon you were from as far as you were right to be seven Yes, seven vehicles all day will plus the little gym car plus the little yeah, yeah, yeah All right Miss Volgiano make a motion all right. Thank you sir miss borrowers second all right Any council comment or discussion You public comment question All right, Miss Gidry, please call the vote mr. Nguyen yes, yes, yes, yes, mr. Volgiano motion approved All right, thank you guys Pam you want to Pam you want to any update and then we'll go to Susan You know Am I Highway 89 the contractor is currently working in front. I'm sure you guys have seen in front of meshes to try to finish up that east Additional lane with all of the base and the subgrade on the west side We have the gas line center point is relocating the gas line So I apologize it sometimes people will be stopped in multiple But we actually have the center points out there relocating gas lines on the west side and AT&T is also relocating Align your hard to form so both of those are working independent of Our operation, but we need them out of the way so that we can move to the west side So that project's going along well fortune road about 75% complete I'm sure you can start seeing the concrete as it is being poured in the roundabout portion of the road So I think people can start seeing that from highway 89 And so we're still on schedule to hopefully open that up late spring early summer Highway 92 Prescott as I mentioned earlier about 50% done with design and slow 90% done We also submitted the highway 92 for the raise grant on June 30th I mean January 30th it probably feels like June because five days before it was due the new administration changed all of the requirements on the grant So I think it was probably to see like if you're willing to change your grant application in five days Then we'll give you some consideration for some federal money. Yes, we did with the we had three hours of spare Nicole Before we press submit so anyway, so we resubmitted that But with the new conditions they actually play more in a favor for a community like youngsville so um and Shemay Agriop no change since last time we're gonna get back on that but we've been working a lot on the 89 fortune stuff to keep that moving along Yeah, uh, thank you so that the Shemana Grab one We do have direct we have money that we have available now from the state to work on that So we're gonna we're gonna We'll have to discuss how we're gonna approach it, you know, but um, yeah, we've got our geotechnical report back in and so We have enough to be able to do our phase one now to do the design on the phase one The next phases the the grant application that Pam's to referring to thank you for doing it again The her office did it last year and we were not selective But we went through the debriefing of it and learned how to make it pass muster but a lot of the buzzwords if you will of I think the Biden administration that we were prepared to Insert in all kind of went away. So that's why it was the last minute scramble and Pam's correct It'll be I think hopefully more favorable because it is a great project. This is the widening of East Milton Bull of art. So excited about seeing in that something that we'll hopefully know around June Yes, right If that doesn't go through Then what we're gonna do is I'm gonna it's gonna be my recommendation that we move forward with with doing A couple of churning lanes to facilitate better movement of traffic along East Milton So potential spots might be metteries center south-saint blaze Around Brookdale or feel crest Just basically as an interim solution will continue seeking Grant opportunities for the long-term fix But I think we we have a pretty good path forward, you know, so but optimistically will be selected for the for the grant this go around Did you mention the Riviera? Yeah Complaints got about the Riviera it did yesterday believe it or not we finally made it with there were seven bitters Glendaleje was the apparent low bitter and so we are working through some things with regards to the MPO funding And they will wait to award To get word from young still As far as forwarding but the highest bitter was like 16 million so There was double the cost between the low bitter and the and the highest bitter high Yeah, so but that is exciting. I mean we've been trying to get to that point for a very long time So now once recommended or if recommended then it'll move forward You'd probably see construction starting in about three to four months Due to the td taken a little bit longer Yeah, and that that project payment recommended a 12 month construction timeline I guess plus built-in weather days But the dott reduced it to be a nine month because it will be a it will be a disruptive project because that's a complete bridge replacement on la Riviera And it's a lot of work right now a lot of drainage work down there so All right, thank you, Pam Susan Um On the wastewater treatment plant upgrade um we're revising the plans resubmitting to LDH and DQ And we still hope to advertise in early March pup station four There are about 10% complete the wet well and valve pit are in they're working on the electrical um So that's going going well they're waiting pump delivery Um pump station three The pump equipment delivery has been delayed and they expected in April The water plant is about 44% complete um you can see the building is going up and taking shape Um, they're working on the gate installation We've discussed with them securing the site for mardi gras We talked about that in the progress meeting So we're going to have them work on that and make sure it's all secure before before the parade Um, the generator's been installed We're still expecting completion in September Shugamopan we're working through some um property line uh issues we're working with trattle and that try to get that all resolved So we know what servitudes we have to secure For the new force main the waterline connections that was awarded tonight Pump station five we're working on that we're trying to get a handle on How to upgrade that pump station, but that's moving forward Any any questions for Susan or Pam or anything infrastructure related All right, yeah all great stuff lots of moving pieces. Thank you. Appreciate Susan Tim we excuse from the meeting tonight. They're trying to knock out all the player evaluations for our red program Which is starting with weather with with potential inclement weather this weekend We wanted to I wanted him to Kids were more important. So but he has a report in the packet With it everything um there. So Um a lot a lot of great stuff happening there. We're looking for it to host in the Marty Gromambo Um in just a couple of weeks So Open for any council announcements or any other business that you might have mr. Nylon Oh, yeah, so February is national heart health month Um me personally being in health care Obviously heart disease is leading calls of death in americans especially in sapa liziana Um, so if you haven't been you know staying on top of your you know annual physicals and check in with your cardiologist February is a great month to get on top of that um I'd mention last time about the healthy kids running series that's going to be kicking off in March It is five weeks of races. It starts a March 9th. That's the first date For two years old up to seniors in high school and they have a challenger series this year It's for children with disabilities and special needs They do a 75 yard dash It can be assisted by parents caregivers or whomever. So I think that's a really cool addition And they were awarded the best New program with the healthy kids running series because it's a national organization So they had received that award for youngsville which I thought was pretty awesome Um, and then youngsville chamber of commerce they're kicking off their farmers market at foster park It's gonna be eight a.m. to noon Their first week is gonna be March 8th Um, it's a Saturday and then I know we have inclement weather this weekend I'm a UL alumni UL softball and baseball be playing for i day through the weekend So they got a break in the rain go out there and support your cajans And then just the last thing for people that I've been kind of noticing bike lanes are not for Passing vehicles that are trying to turn on a shaman I've noticed that's a big problem in front of prodigy and arcus stadium So I know we all tend to get in a rush, but please do not use the bike lanes to pass people when they're trying to turn Especially in and out of the daycare and you have high school students that walk from arca to arca And they're using those bike lanes to walk in we we don't want an accident like that from happening. So please let's Show some patience Thank you sir A couple thoughts one that's a reminder to me we met with a great A brilliant student at ascension that I owe a call back to So mental mental note I need to You need to get back to him, but I gave some of the information Our major aware of it. I think because someone Unbeknownst to Pam someone in our office You know it was working with them But he came in and met with me. He was extremely passionate about how to make our bike lanes safer Came met with me was extremely prepared And I owe him a follow up because I'd love to invite him here to a meeting Because as we prepare for our upcoming budget, which would start July 1st He went as far as getting engineering estimates and things like that So I think that there may be some tangible takeaways even if it's not You know going to the extent that he would like even an awareness campaign. I think would go a long way And I know that with his help I think that it would you'd have a great Partner there to work together and try to get it done So I'm going to touch base with him and see if we can invite him back to a future meeting to share his his research with us And then also I just I didn't intend to do this, but I would do want to commend you Nick because There was a there was a medical issue at our sports complex in the early morning hours since we've met last And group of guys were at the sports complex doing a workout routine and one of the one of the participants Went into cardiac arrest and Nick was there in the group working out Wasn't there, you know, I wasn't there, but what I what I understood from others that were That you sprang into action you took charge of the situation and led a group of chest compressions and Fortunately, we have an AED several AEDs throughout the facility Nick and his Nick and the group that he was with Did chest compressions exercise the AED until our first responders fire Police and a Katie and could get there transported the gentleman And he is safe and recovering, but I just certainly just want to commend you While you know when you were telling me the story I was Initially relieved I was proud, but I then I was also also relieved to know that The AEDs were were accessible available and in working order So much so to where I came back to the office here and I just we discussed it as a as a staff About how we want to look at putting them in this facility as well because at this time we don't have We don't have one here. So in my in my previous business. We had them at our gyms and I know that seconds matter. So Thank you for what you did and being in the right place at the right time and If something like that ever happens to me. I hope it doesn't but I hope I'm as fortunate to be surrounded by By good Samaritan. So thank you for what you did Akadian is normally pretty good, you know about recognizing so I think at the appropriate time And it will probably have the first responders. So I don't want to get ahead of it But I know that you know just just may not be the last we hear about it. So thank you This is Hayley I just wanted to re-inarrate about the farmers market vendor applications are open So please spread the word if you know anyone that has produce products Please have them go and sign up On it's through the chambers website. So youngsoilchamber.com Go there's a tab at the top for the farmers market. So it's easy to get to So applications are going to be open until I believe it's February 28 and then the first First farmers market will be on March 8th 8th to noon Again at foster park also. I wanted to bring up. It's on the city's Facebook page It's pinned at the top But we are working on trying to collect responses for the Louisiana Development Ready community survey. So please go on our Facebook page I'm also going to have Nicole add the link into the minutes for this meeting But there is a survey. It'll be available. We would like all responses back again February 28th big date So it it's basically part of the process for us to receive the Louisiana Development Ready community designation through Louisiana Economic Development So feedback from residents business owners or anyone who works in the city would be greatly appreciated So please go and fill that out just takes a couple minutes. It's 10 questions Thank you. Thank you on that and for everything that you're doing to spearhead that Haley represented me all of us at a at a conference for Retail developers for the region and I mean just here in some of the meetings she had and his continuing to have has been Beneficial so very beneficial for all of us. So thank you very much Miss Shampoen Uh, just several things first of all I just want to say what a wonderful month we had uh From the last meeting we had a blizzard a snowstorm where we all got to enjoy our families And stay in and stay cozy and I just thought it was just beautiful and some of the people that I hear because it was really a family time I find you couldn't do anything else our busy lives came to a halt for three days Uh, also I want to thank uh, shielding for bringing the Clyde stales out So we also got to do that this month in young svio enjoy the Clyde stales Now and say in that I do want to acknowledge Uh, our public works department and our water guys Because while we were home enjoying the snow and doing our snow angels outside and staying cozy We had public works and our water people out on walking to work I'm the mayor share that picture that's a post-court picture, ma'am But I please related them that we all thank them for doing that It's also my understanding that lus is going to have a report in 30 days on some of the problems that we experience I look forward to hearing that uh report Uh Applications are still open for leadership until um March 7th I believe So if anyone's interested in applying for leadership is a wonderful program I encourage you to do that and applications are open to March 7th That's a chamber you can send those to a chamber of commerce Uh, I want to wish everyone a happy Valentine's Day and have fun for Madigua Thank you miss some pun and it's gonna be before we come back Yeah, it will be uh Just a comment about that yet yes uh lus is um mayor president boule reported that there would be a full report and within 30 days of that Um of that incident that did an after-action briefing so we look forward to hearing that Uh, I'm happy to at that time, you know discuss any topic or anything related to that incident You know about you know what worked right where we still have room for improvement Um, of course, you know, we all in this room know about the you know the benefit of the water plant there So um, I'm always proud to talk about our infrastructure So happy to happy to discuss any of that about you know how how uh things You know where we see our room for opportunity what worked what worked well and uh what will be different next time Um, and uh, I'm proud to talk about infrastructure, but I'm always more proud to talk about the team and the staff Um, that was a stressful couple of days Tuesday was great. When's they got to be a little stressful? Uh, Terry, I want to commend uh you um, you know from when I was in the first year of the year The operation standpoint I couldn't be Prouder of the entire team Alex is normally here at our meetings but he was in a very important meeting with me earlier today, so uh he didn't need to come today tonight but um, I was with the uh Lindy and I were with the principal of south-side high school last night And uh, she randomly took the opportunity to complement Alex in his communication uh with her during the weather event because of a leak or whatever the issue was, I really didn't get in granular about it, but she was very complimentary about them. So while she was spotlighting him and while I'm talking about him now, I was just so proud of, you know, my call to Terry was we have to figure out how to, you know, make some passages through this community safe. And, you know, some, I would say, some Cajun ingenuity came into place. Terry brought out his best operators out with front loaders and got to work. I also want to take opportunity to thank Glenn Lage A construction. It's a construction company that's based here in Young'sville. If you don't know the name, they're very humble people. But if you don't know the name, you may know it, just from here and a lot of our reports, because they are here locally, they do win a lot of our competitively bid projects. But I placed one phone call. There in the event to Glenn Lage A construction and the response was, what do you need? How can I help? And for you and for Young'sville, we're glad to rise to the occasion. So while I want to commend them for coming and augmenting and complementing, Terry's team, I think the best benefit for the taxpayer of Young'sville was the call I received after the event when they called to tell me that they would not be charging the taxpayer of Young'sville for their services that day. And I'm bringing it up now because I forgot to, I intended to compliment them through social media, like real time as it was happening. By the time I thought of it, we were so far removed from the snow at all melted. So I want to take the opportunity to thank them now. And as an organization, while I'm talking about water and infrastructure and things like that now, internally with Nicole's help, Terry's help, Catherine Haley, I mean, we did a lot of discussion basically about how we could be at our best to serve, the constituents of our community in the event that there's ever another event like that. So while we have more topics about water that we'll discuss, if I forget to discuss besides water, I mean, how could we, during COVID, we stood up a plan very quickly. On how to work at home, how to video our city council meetings and all the things like that and how to work from home. So it was kind of a good trial run for us to realize, like, hey, what's still working right? Where do we need to tweak? What do we need to do? We're now proud to have LUS5 right here, but we knew what to do in Cox on some things that we did not do in LUS just as an example, but those are things that we've sharpened our tool with and will be stronger and better positions to serve you, whatever the opportunity comes next time for us to rise to. So thank you all, Mr. Volgiano. Yeah, try to keep it short. I don't want to break the point to Terry, but I want to come in your crew for that as well. I think we're, I think I'm exceptionally proud to know we have you leading, you know, not only that department, but here within the city, you know, a lot of communities dealt with quite a bit of problems. And I feel like we always, I say, you always lead your group to a top-tier operation no matter how small or big it is, whether it's barricades, water, so exceptionally proud of that. And then Nick brought up a great point with Heart Association and the Heart Awareness Month. I think it's a great thing never to get your kids, it's not never too early to get them involved in understanding the proper procedure when things like that happen. And let alone ourselves, just to familiarize ourselves or where the AEDs are located at, you're always looking at a minimum of four to nine minutes before first responders are gonna get there. And this first five minutes are crucial to get oxygen at the brain. So that's a key thing on saving a life. And I'm pretty sure that the Healthy Heart Association has a program at the KJDOM, I think it's free annually. So maybe we can try to get that date we can publish on the city's website to get to the residents. And then last night, I had the privilege of the mayor judging the YMS talent show. I got to attend last year, which is where I went to middle school, so it was great to be invited to do that. Very excited to see how much talent we have just here on our own city. These kids are super talented, whether it was Piano, they were singing, last year was dancing, I believe. But there was a lot of talented kids here. And I was proud to enjoy that night. I wanna say it was Jalen, the one first place and Oliver, the one second, one with the Piano Jazz Routine, who honestly, that blew me away. It was insane. Better than anyone I've seen as a grown adult. So Kudos to him and excited to see where he goes with his musical career. And Oliver had a great voice with his rendition of a custom song that they wrote. So Kudos to them. And then obviously everyone have a safe and happy Valentine's Day and be safe for Mordy Girl. We're gonna be forward to see you all out there. You mentioned Barricades. Barricades are gonna start being dropped out along parts of the route next week. At some point, our team has a lot of work to do in a short window of time. Not just limited to Barricades, but it does also coincide with the time that we try to push our water bills out, which requires a lot of, we have an automatic meter reading system, but there's a lot of meters that we have to go and do manually, just so that manual reading and we also have our debris pick up that week. So while we start dropping Barricades out, we just ask for the public's patience. And we generally get them picked up pretty quick. So just bear with us and looking forward to seeing everybody at the Youngsville Mordy Girl Parade March 1st at 11 a.m. So any other business, any other comments before the Council this evening, anything from the public? All right, Mr. Bulljano, motions to adjourn. Is there a second, Ms. Champagne? All in favor? All right, meeting adjourned. Have a great evening. How about that?