 you you you you you you you you you you you you you special meeting of the Youngswell City Council Friday, August 22. The meeting's call to order. I'd like to ask Councilwoman Barra is to lead us in an invocation and also lead the Pledge of Allegiance. Dear Heavenly Father, as leaders of our growing city, we are gathered here tonight asking for your gardens and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding, and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at Thy mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. Guide us in following your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic to the College of Saints, one nation, under God in the individual, with the liberty and justice for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barra is here. Mr. Giano. Here. Mr. Emerald. Mr. Nylon. Here. Mr. Shalphani. Here. All right. Thank you. Nicole. One item on the agenda this morning. It's 3.1 reconsider our variance to wave, section 1079, two of the Code of Ordnance just to allow the limestone driveway around the east side of Southside High School's stadium. Council, appreciate y'all coming in this morning. I felt that it was important to revisit this item in order to be able to paint a broader picture of the school system's intention about how that space will be used, not only today, but long-term as the stadium comes to completion. I know I don't have to tell you that our constituents are very excited about this project coming to completion. Never did I think that we would have three high school football stadiums in the city limits of Youngsoobu, how exciting that is. As a community that prides ourselves on youth athletics as a demand generator for our economy and also as youth athletics to have our public and our residents something to do, it certainly excites me a lot to know the opportunity that we're gonna have here just in our backyard. The reason I'm asking you to hear a little bit more from the school system this morning is because I think the request is reasonable once you know more of the big picture. So who would like to maybe address for a superintendent? Thank you for being here, sir. Mary and Council, first of all, thank you guys for coming back to the table and just kind of just hearing from, first of all, my apologies that we probably should have had someone here, we should have had someone that you could have asked questions to, you could have kind of get it, got a broader picture and that's what I'm hoping to be able to accomplish today. The very first thing that I will tell you just as I've said to you in the past is that I truly believe that every one of our communities needs to have the same access, the facilities as everyone. And that has been the focus of what we've tried to do here. As you can see, the stadium is coming to completion. We're looking at about a 5,000 capacity stadium to where it's gonna be one of the biggest stadiums in Lafayette Parish as far as high school's concern. And part of what we're trying to do is we're rushing a lot of different things and we're trying to get all of this done because listen, Notre Dame against Southside is gonna be that first game and I really wanna make sure that the community has something to be proud of and they actually are going to for the first time play on their home field and it's just gonna be a very exciting time. So would that be considered? I want you all to know and I know what you deal with as a city councilman, I know what you deal with as a mayor. There are budgets and there are certain things that you need to approve and you need to make sure that things are where it needs to be. We are in that same boat as far as the school system and what I want you to know is that this is just phase one of what we are trying to do at Southside High School. You know that we gotta get this stadium done, we have to get kids in there, we have to start getting kids to use this facility and stop getting them from going to St. Martinville or going to Como or going outside of the community to where when they sit into that stadium, it's now gonna benefit each and every one of you. I say that is because I want you to know that the plans for the Southside of that stadium going toward Shem and Metery. All of that land, we own 600 acres of land, the school board owns. I want you to know that just as a side note, part of that land on Shem and Metery, I am working with the mayor and his team and we're gonna start leasing that particular property for businesses to actually come and be a part of this community. So we already have that working, we're already getting that approved as far as property that we can start marketing and so on and so forth. And the board, believe it or not, our board has already put forth the effort and says yes, move forward. So with that being said, South of that particular stadium, there is sugar cane land and there is right across the road, that is where phase two is going to be as far as putting additional parking. The very first thing that I will tell you right now, and all I can go on is what I see at other high schools because they'll go to a lot of different events throughout the actual district is, you know, I go back to and I say, okay, to KDAN a Karen Crow game, two big rivalries. And I see all of those kids and I see all of the people and where they're parking. I truly believe that Southside, what it has right now probably has more parking as far as on the other side of the school just paid parking than any other school. But what I am anticipating is that there's gonna be, there's gonna need to be a lot more. And the only way we're gonna find out is what's gonna end up happening when we open that stadium. So part of what I am looking at is trying to gauge what we're gonna need and know that we own a lot of land and that is where we wanna go with as far as additional parking. The question today is what exactly are we trying to do behind the stadium? Listen, if you know anything about athletics, you try to take these bigger vehicles out of places to where you can park vehicles, okay? And I gotta think about two to three buses for football teams. I have to think about the band. I gotta think about several different events. That particular area behind that stadium is not gonna be accessible to the public. This is not a public road. This is going to be something where buses are gonna station behind there so that they could have access adjacently to that stadium. And it is gonna help us with traffic that we're gonna be able to save as far as the actual parking lots are concerned. We're looking at putting at least 60 feet off the road of concrete, of concrete. And then from there we were looking at graveling that road there. There is a difference in price, as you can about imagine, from going with gravel and then going to asphalt or whatever we would go to. So I am asking for y'all to understand that this is not going to be that's gonna have, there are people are not gonna have access. Public cannot park here. This is out of sight. This is behind the stadium. And believe it or not, it's gonna be gated. It's gonna be gated where people cannot even get into there because I need to protect those buses. I gotta make sure that when kids are leaving personal items in those buses, when they're leaving certain things as far as cheerleaders are concerned, I gotta make sure that people don't have access to behind that stadium. So that is what the purpose of what we were asking is that we would be given the opportunity to save money and that aspect because guys, it's gonna be a big ticket item that we're gonna be putting forth as far as going south and trying to establish more parking. And you're probably saying, why don't we do that now? Well, first of all, I need to gauge first of all, whether or not what is needed and what is not needed. And again, I keep going back to an Acadiana Caroncro game and I see all of these people just packed in the stadium and they're parking all over. Well, people are telling me you think that is something, when we have a south side game that's gonna be home against Noah Dedein for the first time. So it's gonna give us at least some opportunities to be able to see where we are. But the one thing I can tell you is that I feel like we have the budget to be able to expand into that area of the south side and it's definitely something that I want y'all to know that's our future plans. So I'll field whatever questions you guys have. I want you to know again, what we're asking is that we are allowed to do what we're asked, we're at the 60 feet of concrete off of the road and then the remaining would be actual gravel to where again, not accessible to anyone but buses. And it's gonna definitely be something that's gonna be gated to where we can protect what is being stored out there. Thank you, Superintendent. I know we have a couple council comments. Thank you for bringing up the fact about the development around the property. I know I haven't made any public comments about this but the superintendent is correct that Haley, myself and the team at leader have been working with the superintendent and his team to really come up with a plan. And look, it's not a new idea. This is something that's been talked about. That land has been studied. I mean, there is Pam shaking her head. She's on the leader board. I mean, this is something that's been going on for a long time. The climate just wasn't right at the time. You know that we tried to get easement on that property to improve drainage and we were unsuccessful in doing so. So we went just downstream and we did. We were able to get that property just south. But this does open a great opportunity. The school system is our second largest landowner here. And they're really sitting on some excellent property where Shimmy Metry Parkway with water, with sewer available. It's our closest property to Highway 90 where we're seeing a lot of expansion in industry recently. So I think Superintendent, you're bringing up an excellent point. I think when we look at that entire area and what really the need in the demand is there, I would rather see you have a full toolbox of opportunity and solutions because I would suggest that some of that money we're asking you to do today maybe have a better investment on that property at large. And I'll go in and say all of you. And look, I understand that the school board in the past has not been very cooperative and has really, listen, I will tell you that there is a relationship that we have with your mayor, with these school board members that is at the right point where guys, we're not getting any resistance. We are making sure that the kids at Southside High School, the kids within the community of Young'sville are going to get what it needs to because it's whatever other city and whatever other area of this district is doing. So I really believe that we have a great thing happening right now. I want you to know that I'm very proactive. Like this board would have, 10 years ago, would have never even thought about opening up this as far as development and saying that, hey, we're going to let that property and shim and rhetoric be leased out. And we're going to go ahead and just try to encourage businesses to come into Young'sville. So again, my ask is, again, just know that there is a bigger picture here. There is definitely something that, I want to make sure that we are focused on the expansion of parking lots outside of that stadium. But what we're asking right now is just to kind of understand what the use of what we're asking behind the stadium is for so that we can kind of move forward. Because believe it at this, all time spent, that's why my guys behind me are getting word from me. I got to get this thing moving because, listen, that product that we're going to produce at Southside High is going to be, it's going to be noticed by your constituents. Your constituents are going to see exactly what the Lafayette Parish School system is actually provided for them. All right. Thank you, sir. Councilmember Nylon has the floor. Yeah. So we had this new document that was put out in front of us with the plans for the parking. And it kind of goes perfectly with what my initial idea was coming into this meeting. I've spoken with a lot of people within the parish, because obviously, whatever decision we make today doesn't just affect the citizens of Young's Village to affect everyone within Lafayette Parish, depending upon how taxpayer dollars are going to be spent. Honestly, no one I've talked to has supported asphalting all the way to the back. I haven't had a single person that has supported that idea. And looking at this, my initial motion would have been to extend the cement asphalt driveway that you're already going back 60 feet, actually to the edge of where this parking lot is now showing on the map, which goes just past the concession stand. I would like to potentially see that you go ahead and asphalt that one parking lot, leave it off limits for this season, put that there, put your gate up, and then do your limestone to the back, gravel to the back. I'm not worried about asphalt going beyond that point. As you said, it will be gated off. It will not have public access. If it has a gate, it shouldn't be visible from the roadway. I know we have other businesses within the city that have gravel behind gated areas that are not visible to the public. So that holds true in other things that we've already approved or other things that have already come through the city. So if the parish, the public school system, has the capacity to extend that to the edge of the parking lot that's shown there with the gate, I don't see any reason why we couldn't get on board with that, especially with the fact that we have a group, we're building a great relationship with y'all. I love the idea of the plans that you've presented with expanding parking. And as you said, man, you've been a go-getter since you've got in there. Super appreciative of that. So I hope we can come to a common ground today. Thank you. Mr. Nolan, I didn't maybe I didn't do a good job of explaining, nor I just wanna make sure I did a good job of explaining that I tell you what this is as it's been presented to me. This is I understand that the lavender area is all gonna be for future construction. None of this is intended to be built today. The only thing that's intended to be built today would be the dark gray on the northern driveway, which is the 60 feet. If you recognize that, I just wanna make sure that everybody else is seeing the same thing. The lavender areas is all future parking. And I think with Mr. Hammer, the architects pointing out is really what is being asked to be constructed today. The dark gray is the concreted area today or the hard surface area. And then it's from that point back. So yeah, what's being passed out today is what is being proposed today. And then the purple is what. Okay. That last, just because I do see that that is being planned. So I think that's like an extra, I don't know, 150 feet. Maybe. Okay. So I think to maybe a piece, others who have maybe less favoritism towards the lime so-and-or gravel, I would hope that that would maybe calm some potential issues. It becomes a time, and for example, we're trying to get this done to relieve the buses off of the road now. So to change those plans and to adjust that now is gonna push us back further. And then we have more games where we just don't have access to the driver back. How much do you want to drive? Let me know. So those who know, they're not going to be here. Let me know. The drainage and all of that. So it's a lot. So it's a lot. So it's a lot. So it's a lot. So this is a Josh Fountain, who works with the district. He was the first coach of Southside. Yeah, coach of the Fountain. So I'll be originally. And then just to, I guess, I guess give you a number. So for us to do this whenever a say, Southside and Acadiana are going to play each other. When Acadiana shows up, they're going to have three varsity school buses. They're going to have a trailer and a truck for their football gear. The band is going to show up in three buses and they're going to have two trailers for that. So you're looking at eliminating if you have to park these people in a regular parking, at least 40 to maybe 50 spots, which puts those cars possibly further on the road. So our idea was, let's get this part done the quickest, to where we can relieve the bus traffic and the gear traffic out of our parking lot. And it, it's not like, it doesn't add parking, but it directly affects the amount of parking that we have. So the plan like Mstuscha kept saying is, is always to make it the best and have the parking and finish that time money currently with the season coming. This is the idea to go forward with that. So that gravel, and I think I'm saying it's right, will be replaced with when we go to do the parking like the permanent parking lot. But for now, it's a time and money issue to get that done quickly to help relieve parking as fast as we can. This is the, where would you do this? Yeah. You, oh, I'm sorry, you're right. The gravel, like you were saying, your ask will be done eventually, but to do it in the matter of time that we need to do it, it just, it won't happen. They worry it would set us back quite months, a couple months. You might miss a season here. Mr. Nylon, you still have the floor, but if you, if it's done. OK, so really just that one lavender section right there that was presented is the, really, the only ask for gravel at this point. Everything else passed where the gate would be where the lavender ends would, you're still asking it to be gravel, correct? Yes. OK, well, the whole thing that. The whole thing that. So we're only looking at a very small section to, for a season until you can ask for all to do it. Now all the way to the whole section. Yeah, no, I know going all the way, I don't care about everything running along the bayou, like that can stay gravel. You're just talking about the one little section from the 60 feet that's going back to whatever gets past the concession stand. You just need that section to be gravel for a season. That's for us. I can't speak on when it will be funded. That would be Miss Bayou, it's a two-check question. But the plan is to do it quickly, for us, adding that parking lot to there. It's never been said we're not going to do that. So yes, like right now we need the whole thing gravel, except for the 60 feet off of the road. And then the first thing we'll do is add the parking to eliminate that 150 feet problem of parking lot to continue into the gravel. Right. Yeah, that was my understanding. That's why I said, for everyone that I have spoken to, there was no support for doing asphalt all the way to the back. So that's why when you said that you were going to gate it off anyway, then I really have zero problem with that. Yeah, there's no, I mean, this is only used by buses for visiting teams. And just like they do it, all the other stuff, everything. It's like they're graveling grasses, parking lot, getting the buses and everything out of the way. Totally get the gate to the gate. All right, I yield. You good, sir? All right. Council members, Sean Pond. Thank you, Mayor. My question is about the gate. When the gates are up, will you be able to see any of the gravel or will be a full gate with? You won't be able to see that behind the gravel or the limestone. Right now it is mish fencing, right? Our black vinyl fencing. But we can also, we can always add screens or slats to cover that up. That's always an option. Could that be done prior to this season when you'll put the gate up? Sure. Yeah, that's an easy ask. And you know, like, Councilman Nalen spoke about, people are really concerned, which I don't blame them, about using taxpayer dollars and wasting taxpayer dollars. Can that aggregate be used again? Like reuse, when you do the AS vote in that front parking lot, when you're ready to do that? Can that aggregate be used to help? Yes, it will eventually will lay that for all the top of the rock. So it's not going to be removed. And then we just wasted a year of gravel for no reason. No, it's not. That's all we can say. And I really don't mind as long as it's going to be, I mean, I see this plan. I do have this in the future, at least do that for import. I don't have a problem if you don't see it from the road. If you don't see any gravel or limestone, whatever, if y'all could accommodate that, you know, especially for this season. Wind screens or fincelettes can be added quite easily. Councilmember Ramirez. Yeah, thank you all for being here. And it's such a honor for our day. How, and this might be, because I know Dr. Rae-Blae was there at the beginning, Josh, I know you were in a different capacity. How, when you're looking at South Side High School, how many feet wide from left to right? Is it roughly, if you had a ballpark? The school itself. The school itself. I don't know. Yeah, what is that about? Three football fields, at least. Two and a half, 300 yards, so I'm not sure. And look, I'm at South Side all the time in different capacities now as a parent, which is phenomenal, from right of the school where the parking lot enters into by the practice field, the South Ballfield and Baseball Field, all the way to the bus lanes on the other side. That is concrete. That is 100% gravel. Has been gravel from day one. The council, everything was approved that way. We're looking at probably a third of the distance behind the stadium. gravel, which works. Maybe less. So I'm just trying to put that in comparison. It's worked for eight years now, eight plus years. OK. OK. Yeah, OK. So I mean, it's huge. And that's only used if I'm not mistaken by coaches and some faculty, limited. I mean, from what I see, I see like 10, 12 cars. It's really. It maintenance. I think maintenance. It's maintenance. It's maintenance. Which it's, yeah. Which I saw. Yeah, they maintain it very well. The other part, I was going to mention in Councilwoman Champon touched on this. All of our ordinances take out the city of Yungzul from being held to that accountability. Most of our ordinances allow the sports complex, the water treatment plant, sewer treatment plant, to not have to abide by some of these ordinances. We are a tax receiving with the taxpayers pay for everything that the city does, much like LPSS school system, Southside is paid for by the residents, by the taxpayers of the parish. After all this is done, I would love to see where our ordinances may be allow a little flexibility toward this as I have to come to us because it is a tax funded entity. I'm not saying, I think it's going to be done right. I guess is what my last comment is from what I see, from what I've heard, the distance of 60 plus feet. I mean, obviously, the only people are going to see that are people who are actually driving down that 60 feet of road so far. And I mean, everybody's going to be looking at the massive stadium, the field house, concessions, the scoreboard, and all that. So yeah, I'm fully supportive of this. I think it's great. I appreciate y'all coming again. Yeah, my brother really hard timesfall on this one, only because it was brought to us so late. I wish that this would have been brought to us a lot sooner than having to make a decision on the fly, being pushed into a corner, saying, I don't need to go, go, go. And if we push this off any longer, y'all aren't going to have time to get this done before the season. I can many for biting off a lot of which I'll bet off in the past and future with new schools and additions and remodeling. I think it's phenomenal. The problem I have is that along with fellow council members, I watch our council dismantle future business owners with wanting to build new businesses to bring money to the community over parking lots, exactly what you're doing today. And you're telling me that putting in a couple of green slats is going to solve everyone's issues. But the problem is that right before your ordinance, we shut down a business doing the same exact thing. How can I continue to tell business owners, no, we're not giving you a variance. And then just because y'all are the largest landowner, and we want to work in partnership, that I might have to give you. Yes, it's not the personal. I don't even have a dog in this fight. I have no kids that go here. I graduated high school in 2010. I went to come out. I dealt with the same issue then as they're doing now. But I didn't have a single constituent call me and tell me they were pro-revel. Everyone was the opposite. They wanted us to stand our ground, because youngs will set the standard on what we have today with our ordinances. And granting a variance would be like us just kidding. I see the mission your trance accomplished. But I just, I don't know how can I continue to keep saying yes to certain people and then no to others. Because at the end of the day, they're going to bring in tax dollars, which I'm sure our visitors will visit our restaurants, and we'll be appreciative of that. But at the end of the day, how are we going to continue to separate that? I guess it's a question for my fellow constituent council members is how do we want to continue handling that? Because granting a variance when you want to, just because, and then not when you don't, like, I don't know the way I'm going to continue to do that. We look pretty ignorant. Because what you're saying here is it defense is OK. If you can't see it, it's OK with me. But the guy that wanted to park in line for his boat RV storage wasn't OK. So what's the difference? He had offense too. It was concrete at the front, and he had offense. He was, but that was one of them. What I'm trying to solve here is that this answer is going to dictate how we handle everything else going forward. But you're just saying that because it's the school board. Fair points. What I would offer in response to you is that we are a community that has grown extremely rapidly. We're a community that has continues to place a tremendous amount of value and importance on infrastructure and ensuring that our infrastructure is not that growth is not a pastry infrastructure. We are a community and a governing body that does not have a perfect set of ordinances. We're a governing body that I think collectively understands that we would like to. We can be more than one thing at a time. We can be easy to do business with while still maintaining aesthetic integrity. And I'm going to give you an example of something that you're going to have at the September meeting. It's been a previous council's desire, which I supported to limit the use of metal as an exterior option on buildings. You have an ordinance. We have an ordinance in place today that 51% has to be other than metal. What I would offer to you, because it's a very fair point, what I would offer to you is that in September, you're going to see three more options being brought to you to be added to be included in the other than metal options. Because when I heard the ordinance come, I think we shared, we know what the intention was. We wanted to make sure that Shim and Metery Parkway, our new youngs or highway, aren't just, we wanted to make sure that we don't look back in two decades and have any regret. Nothing that was talked about that day had structural value, structural integrity. It was all about aesthetics. So we've learned that there's other products. So I'm working with some architects to write that are in our audience right now. There's other products that will help achieve what we're asking for and provide greater flexibility to our residents. That's one example. It's not talking about the limestone in general, but I would certainly entertain as the administrator that sits with businesses when they come before it comes to you guys. I'm open and I would certainly entertain an ordinance that does provide greater flexibility in terms of less than hard surface parking in certain applications. But it's the council's obligation to bring those suggestions forward and give us greater tools and the toolbox that we can actually apply to those that are seeking to do business with this. In some applications, I would probably argue to you that it's better for drainage in certain areas that are, it may be better for a myriad of reasons. And again, I would be remiss if I didn't share with you and that some of the own city project. This is the reason we should do it. Some of our own city projects that government is not immune from cost inflations and cost increases. We are pushing a lot of infrastructure forward as well and we've come across the same concerns about are we being reasonable with the depth of concrete in these things? We try to provide latitude to say bring us a geotech report that says eight inches of concrete is overkill. So this governing body makes the rules. So they're imperfect. And I would say that bring us more things to modernize these ordinances and I would be in support of them. I'll leave you with this. There was 12 years ago, there was a 60 acre tracker property being developed and there were some of my colleagues on the council at the time that said, oh my, we don't like small lots. We don't like small lots. What's going on here? The lots were I think 40 or 45 foot wide. As well as landing, I would tell you 12 years later, I think that's a great neighborhood. It's governed by a strong H.O.A. has good resale values. But when I asked, so what don't we like about it? We don't you like about the 45 foot lots? They just said, well, we just don't like it. So when we took that to the developers, they came back and said, we know what is most marketable. So this was the long term solution. What we said, we said, OK, we're going to give you the flexibility to go down to 45 foot lots. But we want to make sure that it's not just purely a cost savings measure. So you can do 45 foot lots, but you need to mitigate those negative points and come back with an amenity plan that may be trees, aesthetics, things that are better than some of our neighborhoods that have 70 foot wide lots. So I guess what I'm sharing with you is that I think we need to allow ourselves the flexibility to have ordinances evolve over time and recognizing that they may not be perfect. Because I think Mayor Protin Boljana brings a fair point. I mean, how do we distinguish between a business owner bringing something to our community and a government body? Because the prices are the same. And I would probably argue, in some times with government, they may even be higher. Because I can speak, I know that's true with water and sewer right now, because there's been a plethora of money interjected from the feds down to the state, which is driven up those costs tremendously. So, this is my plan. Oh, I'm sorry. Can I address the Mayor Protin Boljana? So first of all, I completely understand. First of all, and I've said it to you before that never again, when something happens with the school system, that I will not be here to defend it. But here's what I will tell you. We're within a year of producing a product that I have been steadfast saying no longer should kids be going to St. Martinville. No longer should kids be going to come to high school. We should not even be talking about this right now. You're saying it's rush? Yes, it's rush. It's rush because I want to put to bed that eight years ago, whatever was done, and I can't go back to that, that those kids were not given what they needed to. I want, yes, it to be rush. You know why I wanted to be rush? Because when you come to that game at Notre Dame and Southside, you'll see these restaurants will be filled. People will be in those restaurants after the game. They will be tailgating on that spot. I'm rushing it because it matters to those kids. I'm going to go back to the use of, this is going to be used five times a year during football season. Hopefully six or seven, if we get into the playoffs. The ban may have ban competitions to wear three or four times. This is not going to be accessible to the public. This is going to be gated off. This is going to be something to wear. We can keep these buses out of the normal parking lot that would be taking on property. Listen, guys, trust me that I want the best interests of Young's Bill to be at the table. And I'm going to do everything I can to make sure this happens. Yes, it's rushed. You know what? My job is rushed every day. I got a sense of urgency every time I walk up, I wake up. Because you know what? Those kids at Southside deserve better. The facilities that we're trying to develop over there, I'm trying to put eight years to bed that that has not happened. So again, I understand there is a difference. I understand the situations that put you in. But I make decisions every day with forty four hundred employees. And I never black and white. You know why? Because every situation is different. And I have to look at the facts and everything involved when I make that final decision. So I'm asking you guys to understand. I know where you're at. I know what it puts you in a situation. Listen, I'm trying to produce a product here. And I want to do something for our community that this needs to be done. We need to make sure. And listen, I'm scared to death about what this is going to look like as far as parking. I'm saying that we can do it at Caron Crow, a KDN. But from what I'm hearing, they're going to pack that stadium on that first game. And it's going to be something that I got to make sure that I am prepared for. And I'm going to gauge it. And we're going to have to start securing funding because I have property right there that that farmer is going to have to give it up because we're going to we're going to need to get additional parking. And we're going to do it right. It's going to be one of the best facilities in the state of Louisiana. Yeah, well, obviously this is nothing personal. I think you've done a phenomenal job. I get that the why it's rush in which you've done in a year short term span has been enough a short of a miracle. But just like you think that people don't forget, it's similar when it rains here in Young'sville, one drop or 10 inches. It's like 2016 flood every time. They don't forget. So be reminded that every day you go to work, even though you're doing your best, they will never forget that it took that long to get a stadium. And it wasn't your fault. But it is what it is. And the way I look at it is that while I understand the purpose of it, and I get the functionality you won't see behind the fence, like the people in Young'sville, they'll they'll they'll riot. And the minute that we grant this, the people that I've talked to, it's like it never ends. It's like a concept reminder that when you granted this, when now you get to do this, when you get to do them too. It's like I don't I don't know. I get it and I understand both sides. I hear both ends, but you want the one that let me you aren't out, but you mean you're one of the people that are going to elect me. So then I don't know. To me, I just I'm trying to come to the terms with where where are we going to draw the line in the sand, where are we going to say what are we going to allow because of what it's going to produce. You know, whether a business owner produces $500 in tax dollars a year or a school brings in 4,000 people that are going to visit our restaurants is your dollars more than theirs because it's that much more. Not really. I mean, in the grand scheme, but I just I don't I don't know that we all up here are going to agree every time on that. And I'm trying to figure out the only decision I can control is my is my yesterday. And that's where I guess my principles and my values lie at because at the end of the day, switching back and forth because of who's up at the stand is going to is really dictating that. That's I guess more frustrating for me. But again, I commend you in which I've accomplished. I think it's phenomenal. I'm excited for the first game. I think it's going to be tremendous for our students and athletes, faculty, staff and parents to support this club. And I know it seems pretty tedious to have our gravel parking lot. And it shouldn't be. But it's sad that we've gotten to this point now today because of everything else before us. So I'll yield before I go to to miss champagne. I do want the council and the public at large to know that the administration's continuing to work with the landowner for the RV storage that was denied last week. We did meet with him. He didn't just land and fall on a paper called an agenda for any of us to consider Pam and our team have met with them to kind of bring the ass down and we're continuing to do that. And look, it may still not happen. But I want to make sure that we're working with him to kind of narrow the ask. Because I think that that's something that potentially in the right circumstances. If I can get it to where I'm comfortable, you'll see it again. Miss champagne. Hello. Okay. Thank you, Superintendent. I do have a couple things. I failed to ask the gate will start at the beginning. At the end of the asphalt on me, not asphalt, but concrete. That's where the gate will start. So it's going to hide that parking lot with the where the aggregate is going to be. Oh, at the road. Oh, it's going to be at the road. Oh, it's going to be at the road. It'll be at the road. It's going to be right at the road. It's going to be right at the road. That's it. Okay. Okay. Right. It's going to hide out the average. Behind it. And sometimes that and. And it's almost like erosion control. We have. I'm going to ask that question too. And look, I don't disagree with concern, Volgiano. Yes. We, there has to be that line. I feel however, there's some things that make some common sense. And I think there are things we probably need to look at that ordinance. And correct. You know, when it's either not visible or as a good layer for drainage control in some instances. And I think that's what I think is that when I disagree with with concern. Volgiano that he brought out was last week. The person that came before us. Well, we never got to the limestone driveway. We voted it down before because there was so many variances that he wanted. And what I'm thinking, that was a permanent building. And I think that's what we've spoken about our future. What could be done in the future. In this instance, the commitment is in the future that will be a hard surface parking lot. When funds are available. I, I look, we all get it. We government. We do have to live within our means is what we supposed to be doing. I do understand that the school board has addressed a lot of issues. And since you have been here, Superintendent, good issues. We have south side has a stadium. I know you've been working on you and your board have been working on giving teachers permanent pay raises. All of those costs money. And it's hard when you have to do that. We as leaders, however, and I'm saying this on the city side should live by our own rules. So I do disagree that we as a city or anyone will come behind that as a government entity because it's taxpayer dollars that we don't live our own rules. If we need something, we need to change that then by law. But I do believe we need to live our own rules. I wanted to address that I'm glad the engineer brought that up because I was going to ask about drainage. Because sometimes, you know, it makes sense to put aggregate in some places. And she mentioned erosion control because it is by the by the canal. And I think it's important to call on Terry and Pam to talk a little bit about that. About aggregate versus the hard surface in those areas. I mean, this is by canal. So there can't be any further development, right? On that side? Right, correct. And so back to the whole plan. I don't have a problem at all with it. I think the stadium was great. I think the area that we're talking about is not visible. But even if it was visible in that commonsense approach, what are we trying to accomplish with? I was tasked to cut costs, cut personnel, come up with better ideas to, you know, increase our biggest bang for the buck. And I don't see no difference here. And that's my opinion. Drainage wise. That area right there is probably the most rural area you have in youngsville. Cane fields, open ditches, that type stuff. Drainage there is a nightmare because you have the trees. So we get it usually on the former side that's clear trees, which have a lot of erosion issues there. Also, controlling grass. We love to cut grass here. So in order to do that there, you have to kind of have weed control. Well, what that does gives rid of the grass and you have erosion. So, yeah, so the whole concept of concrete, the only thing I was worried about was what we are plans for the existing area that later on you're going to ask for. That limestone as a base and you answer that question. You're going to have a parking lot there. So a couple of different things. You're going to focus on parking, getting people off the road. You're going to get it into where you can't see. You're going to secure the buses during the games. Now they don't have to be in the parking lot. So that's the next step. Because we talk about security. And we talk about drainage all out here. So in my opinion there is not a, the rules do need to be changed and looked at. So it accommodates everybody. But we also have to have a common sense approach to what we're trying to get to. You know, everything looks great here. There have been areas that are allowed to put limestone on backs out of the fence. Right down the road off 89. That's behind the strip mall. That was another aggregate project that nobody sees. Nobody cares. It's done. Didn't cause any problems. I don't have any issues here at all. I think it's, it's more absorption. As far as to run off. You're not having a concrete there sheet flowing into the channel causing erosion. Because that's what's going to happen. You're going to have to come up with a drainage plan of out this world to control that. And so that causes up also. So it's, it's, I just agree there's a lot of things we need to revamp on ordinances that were 10, 15 years ago. New products have come across. We talked about the metal facade. Great product. And it's just, you know, we need to adjust to some of these ordinances in my opinion. Thank you, Terry Pam. Yeah. I agree with Terry. And looking at where they have it too. One of the hardest things you have when you do have something very hard surfaced, it's coming right up against the drainage easement. So as things progress, whether it be Southside High or the City of Young'sville. If Terry has to get equipment in there, it's much better from a standpoint of sustainability. If it is limestone as opposed to getting big equipment, again, no matter which side, trying to do that. Because it is very close to the 30 foot drain adjustment that we want. So from that perspective, it's actually better if it was limestone. I'm just being, being very honest. Because as that channel will erode, if you have something hard surfaced, then they're going to, on that edge, it's going to be a constant. So having something that's going to be more maintainable. In answer to, you know, hey, can you go from limestone, you know, something that's already been there versus putting something hard surfaced right now? I mean, again, if it's with the parking lot, that whole thing had to have been designed from that standpoint, whether it's concrete. And then if you did it asphalt, quite frankly, there are very few, if any contractor that's going to come out and do asphalt on 160 feet, they're definitely not going to do it quick. So unless they had a bunch of other stuff being asphalt at the time, that would be more cost prohibitive. So to answer that one. But overall, I mean, again, I'm with Terry. We bring it because we don't have the ability to do the variance and it has to come out. But there are a lot of times when the applicability, I think we have to go back to like the Marrowie says, what's the problem we try to solve? I know in the beginning we didn't want a bunch of limestone aggregate because nobody wanted dust. Well, I here to tell you, I bring more dust to you on my attention pond projects and move and dirt for a roadway. I'm just going to be frank, especially when you're in a, so what is the problem that we, what was it back in the day that we didn't like and have we solved that problem? And that's no longer an issue where we have that. I'm a business owner and something being behind there that nobody's got access to. I love alternative materials, you know, I'm in the process of doing my own. So I get that. So I do believe that there's a lot of stuff that we could do like Terry and be happy to sit with you guys to kind of show you what people are coming to us and where we think it is applicable and where it's maybe a little over, you know, I bring to there maybe one day you want to expand your parking lot at your expansion. And you may want a temporary do limestone. I mean, who knows you have a big rainy event. You have a lot of rain that like Lauren dig or something and that might be the next thing. But again, your own ordinance prohibits you from doing it. I'm just saying, you know, I'm giving you an example. I'm not trying to, but you know, we've been through that. We wanted to limestone years ago to have more parking at the rec center but our own ordinance prohibited us to do that. And we had to wait until there were funds to do what you had. And it was hard. So I think there needs to be, we need to look at this ordinance. I think from a standpoint, we grant things, different things of temporary while someone has the opportunity to get more money or to get more funds or to get to face to. But in the areas that are really close and that are within the drain to jisement, quite frankly, I prefer them to be aggregate and not hard surface because the last thing I want to see is their parking lot going into the channel. And it create a, I don't want to create more maintenance for them than they need to have with regards to something as sensitive as drainage. Right. Miss, sometimes you still have the format. No, I'm good. Thank you. Terry and Pay. May I say one more thing? Actually. Okay. I just want to say that the concession stand is looking really good. It's, we're so excited about this building. So I'm a little nervous about hiding the gravel because we might hide the concession stand. Just, I just want to bring that up because the fence is so far back at the road. So I don't, I don't really want to tell you how to resolve it necessarily. But I just want you to keep in mind that we had one thing then we hide kind of that whole thing. So you might have to swing by and see how it's looking. It's still, it's not quite done. I mean, they're friendsically working like 21st, 7 to get it done for the first game. So, but we're very close and it really is, it looks great. Like everything else says on that campus. That's it. All right. Thank you, ma'am. Mr. Amer, mayor of Superintendent Josh, appreciate the comments and answering all those questions. And given us more of a vision of exactly what it is. I'll put my eyes on it. I'm probably the fortunate one here that I've been involved with the school since day one and other capacity. I've talked to the probably, I did the math, probably about 10,000 plus people over the years who kids have had kids go through that school system, you know, around 1500 plus kids a year. It affects a lot. You all done it right. I mean, mayor, I kind of reminded myself of what your comments were earlier about it and how, you know, obviously you probably you support this and, you know, the fact that two of our top experts in the administration are both saying I would roll with it. Again, I stand by my original one from the last meeting. I'd like to go ahead and move and make a motion to approve this variance. All right. This motion by Mr. Romero's there second. Let's see. Go right ahead. Councilman Jean-Bain-Romand me to amend it according to the plan that was provided today with the lavender. I'm sorry. Excuse me. Is there a second on the motion? All right. Councilmember Nyland seconds. Ms. Barris. I just can ask how long before the parking lot that's in purple right here behind the fence would be before it's built some kind of timeline one year to year. I'm going to say this that it's going to be a continuous process right now. The focus is going to be let's get them into the stadium. Let's get this field house that needs to be construction needs to take place also at the time of which happening. So I would say that, you know, year in and year out, I will look at funding as far as what we can do because I really want to kind of finish the whole thing as far as problems. So within a year or two years. I'm just asking because the. Well, it's up you from having the games. If you don't have the gravel. Well, here's what I will tell you right now. I really don't know what is going to happen out there on my first game. And all I'm trying to do is prepare for. You got to understand when you when you you engage in a football game. It's not just football players on ride buses. It's cheerleaders as dance team members. It is the band. What I'm trying to say is that I have to hope for getting these people away from where we would have to park them. If that is not accessible to them. To where we may all have a bigger issue if they're starting parking on shaman metter. Yeah. I mean, I understand. I just I didn't know if it would put the project behind. If you didn't have the gravel. I'm looking I'm asking for us to proceed because September 5th. No, the day is coming into house. I pointed there going to be there and they're going to bring her crowd. I would think that Southside will bring a crowd. And I'm kind of just trying to say what can we do right now because I'm thinking to the principal. Okay, principal, where are all these kids are going to park at? We need to park them somewhere. Give as much to the public. So we're trying to plan all this. But then I got 12 buses that I have to contend also with. There's 12 buses that are a possibility of being in that game that. Look, we're going to I can't control where they're going to park. They're going to park wherever and we may have more of a safety issue. So I'm trying to eliminate. At least where we can get some of these people away from there with also the strategic planning of what we're working with the principal on of where our own kids. Think about how many kids are kids are going to go to the game. We got to get them away because I got the public that needs to come into the stadium. No, I understand. I just agree with Councilman Pogiano that we get a lot of variances. Y'all came, I think with three before this or two plus this one. And we can't treat businesses in my opinion different just because y'all are the school board. I have no idea what went on the past 10 years between the council and the school board. I wasn't on the council. I didn't have kids in school at that time. So I didn't keep a brush. I just. I find we're getting a lot of requests for variances and it's it's. It's something that I think that needs. You know, you know what the ordinance is follow the ordinance. You know, build your building. You wouldn't have to come before us. But I do like the fact that you will be able to reuse the aggregate for the parking lot. I just. It's not fair to grant you something and not others. So, okay. Thank you. So we granted other businesses variances. We've granted other people variances before. I feel like this council really gets hung up a lot on variances. You have an ordinance in place. It was put in place to be able to solve a problem. Whether it was 20, 30, 40, 50 years ago. But we can't keep locking up economic development and growth because of an ordinance. There's a reason why we allow variances is so that we are able to have a discussion and use some common sense to make a decision to allow something to move forward. We're going back to this guy that came with RV center. I thought it was a great idea. He had a whole lot of variances, yes. But I think that there we need to have more wiggle room and we need to quit saying that, oh, well, we have an ordinance. So it is what it is. No. Like if that's what it is, and let's bring every ordinance that we have on the table. And we as a council need to sit down and start going through these ordinances and start making some changes. Because in one breath, we talk about how we're economic development ready. And then we turn right back around and shut down everybody that comes up here because it's in an ordinance. And we don't want to hear a variance. I'm sorry, but like that's not how our role. You have a rule and I'm going to figure out how we can make it better. You have an ordinance. Let's figure out how to make it better. If we need to do some variances to have some progress and to have economic development and growth, which is what we want in this city, then that's what we need to do. Thank you. Thank you, Nick. I agree with you completely, Chief. Ms. Barrett, I just wanted to speak a little bit about the driveway in the back. 12 buses would take up a lot of parking as a safety issue. That's what I'm looking into. 12 buses and trailers will take up a lot of parking. We'll push cars back onto the roadway to park on the roadway, which cause a lot of safety issue. From what it gathers, it sounds like it's a temporary fix. I don't have any say so on what goes there, but on the safety side, that's what the people elected me for to make sure the city's safe. Having a bunch of buses taking up more parking spots in the front will push more cars onto the roadway and cause a bigger traffic hazard and back up. Hey, do you have a comment? Yeah, just a couple comments. One, I just want to also point out South River air is under construction so that also eliminates, you know, some places where people would be parking on the side of the road. From an economic development standpoint, I just want to kind of echo what Councilman Nylon said. We really have to think about and I appreciate that you all want to look at these ordinances because last week it was a little bit deflating to sit here and be awarded this designation by our state, which is a big deal. And took a lot of work to get to that point to say that here we are open for business and then turn around and shut down business for the RV storage because I think that that is what is fresh on y'all's minds is that we shut down this RV storage. A couple of points about it was multiple variances wasn't just one as Councilman Romero pointed out or I believe it was Councilman Romero. It was it was not anything that was going was temporary. It was going to be a permanent. Whereas this is temporary. They're bringing us those plans. And it's not really apples to apples. This is our second largest landowner who is going to help us bring in more economic development than that RV storage center not that I'm opposed to the RV storage center. But also that RV storage center will not bring in any sales and use tax. Storage units are not taxable. Therefore there is no revenue brought into this city by allowing a permanent limestone structure with all the other things that they were requesting a variance on. This stadium we've already said it people are going to go to our restaurants. They are going to go visit our businesses before and after the game. It is a huge economic driver and not just our residents and the people coming for the south side game but all those Notre Dame fans and you know that they're going to come heavy because it's just down the road from us. So they are going to bring a crowd of people. They will also be visiting our restaurants and going and you know shopping at our stores. And so I just want you all to really take into account. It's not apples to apples. One small business to our second largest landowner to a huge economic driver that is also got so much potential for more than just one business. And nothing to knock our businesses. I love our businesses. I'm doing everything that I can to help promote our businesses so that they stay busy. But this is part of that that effort is is is is allowing this and and you know she's already said it from a safety safety standpoint. It's what makes sense. Thank you. It's open for public. It's open for public comment. Now there's there's a motion on the floor. Is there any public comment? Merrill like to call the vote. All right. If there's no additional public comment. All right. Ms. Gidry please call the vote. Ms. Farrah. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Emerald. Yes. Yes. Yes. Sir. All right. Is there a second? All right. All in favor. All right. Meeting adjourned. Thank you so much.