 you All right. All right. All right. Good evening everybody. Welcome to the Youngsville City Council meeting today's Thursday, January 9th. I'd like to invite Pastor Williams from the Pentecostals of Youngsville to lead us in our invocation. And then our pledge this evening is going to be led by Councilmember Lindy Volgiana. Happy New Year everyone. As always, thank you for allowing us to open up in prayer. Lord, we thank you God for every blessing we thank you God for what you're doing. And God, we just ask that Lord you would give us direction and guidance for every decision that needs to be made. Let 2025 be the best year that Youngsville has ever seen. We give you the glory and the praise and all the honor for what you're going to do in this city and upcoming years. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. One nation under God, indivisible, liberty and justice for all. All right, misgidory, please call the roll. Ms. Barra is absent. Mr. Volgiano. Here. Mr. Romero. Here. Mr. Nylon. Here. Michelle Pine. Here. All right. I want to just recognize first, Mr. Jake Benwai is our regional representative from Senator Kennedy's office. Is here with us this evening. Thank you very much. Thank you for joining us tonight and please introduce ourselves Mr. Volgiano. Thanks. I look forward to hearing from you, Mr. Volgiano. And thank you very much to Mr. Volgiano. David Powell to guide you. Mr. Volgiano. That is Ma fall. Here, sitting down. My name is Jake Benwai. A single home is clear this morning. He walks home from Estella. Yes. Mr. Miley. Yes. Michelle Bygge. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you, Councilor. Jan Adam 4.1 is approval of the November 2024 Finance Report. Okay. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. In a second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment or discussion? Catherine. Catherine will give you an update on the sales tax that we just placed on your desk. Yes. So looking at collections for December 2024, we came in above last year by 5.86%. So still trending on that really good increase the over year. All right. Thank you. Is there any public comment, any comment, question or discussion? In the comment, Ms. Giger, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nyland. Michelle Bygge. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. All right. Tonight we have a preliminary plat decision for public hearing in action. So, like I haven't had one of these in a while. Pam, you want to go through the list? Just push it up. All right. Okay. All right. Thank you, Mayor and Council. Before you, you have a 608 Avenue B where they want. They want, it's a single family residential where they want to take one lot and go into two. So it's important to know that this had not been sent to Lafayette, the government. So there isn't an ADRC review comments in it. Not uncommon when it's just for two lots. That's something that's coming here. This development, setbacks that are required on single family residential are 20 feet from the front, 10 from the front. So, we have a four-year course in five on the sides. We also have a mental residential size of 7,000 and you can have down to 6,000 if we have on our normal developments different points that you would do. But in the case of this, they're just asking to go down to frontages of 41.1 and 41.1 and 41.1 and 41.6 would be the square footage. So for these reasons, it's not meeting any of the minimum standards with regards to lot sizes that the city allows for single family residential. So our recommendation is to deny it. In addition, there were some other deficiencies on the preliminary plat that would need to be addressed because they didn't have the setbacks. They didn't have notes that we normally require for the for one foot above the BFE or 80 inches above the road, whichever is higher. And let's see. Let me go to my next page. And of course, all our other normal conditions we would have. So I'd be happy to answer any questions with regards to it. But again, it would make it a very small lot. And if it's 41 feet and you got a side setbacks, by the time you add all the side setbacks, you have like a 30 foot wider or less residential home, but it could not be approved without variances from the council. Yeah. Thank you, Pam. So council, this is a piece of property that you've seen before. I think we had the, it was the same property owners that were here before to discuss putting it into three parcels. We discussed it at that time. I believe there was a recommendation. I'm sorry. I didn't go back to look to see who made it. Or maybe it was from the public or from the, from the day of about could it work with two? Our conversations, the administration's conversations with the landowners that they, their desires to make a single family, single family residential homes on this piece of property. I know there had been some conversation and concern about town homes in this particular area. So I just wanted to relay what the, what the landowner has relayed to us with regards to what that piece of property would look like. Also, when we did, I mean, just, when we did the, Pam is absolutely right. The ordinance that we have with the minimum lot's oses and the, the point system. I mean, it, my mind at the time that was really when we were designing entire residential neighborhoods. Does that mean differently for this year? I don't know. That's up to you. I mean, we didn't just, we didn't distinguish that in, in the ordinance. But I know that was the, that was, that was my thought when we were drafting it. So I just wanted to kind of share that with you. But happy to answer any other questions that the landowners also hear with us today and available to discuss the parcel and maybe tell you some other ideas or vision for it. If you'd like. Yeah, this is your property. Is the gentleman I'm sorry I'm looking right at y'all, but it's not y'all's no. Okay, I'm sorry. Is the, is the property owner here or the landowner? Yes, sir. Yeah, would your mind coming forward for us? Mr. Lesby is it? Or? I'm Derek. I'm the most part. Okay. Good to thank you for being here, Derek. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's not, that I represent you right there by communicating. Okay. And you, you, you owned it before when we discussed. Try to make it. Okay. All right. He was at the last meeting. I'm sorry in your packet. You have a copy of the plot and the request form that I think we just discussed. So Mr. Marrieda. Oh, let's see. I apologize. I think I skipped. Let me clear that. Let's see. Mr. Nylon, I'll come back to you if you don't mind. And then I'll get. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Any renderings or anything of what is actually you're doing? How? It's just single family homes. Yeah. And I understand that. But I mean, face in front door, face. No, we don't have anything. Yeah. Okay. We know that. That's what I was looking for. I've shown it because I know we have some. Like I call it grandfathered in, but age properties down there that obviously have some mobile homes on them. Some older, smaller homes. I've read the ordinance. I remember it. It is. The impression that Tom probably was, you know, hey, these a lot of these neighborhoods, 7,800 home neighborhoods. But this is a unique area. But I wanted to see if you had anything rendering. So we could at least see what the intent was, but you're not there yet. There's smaller cottage, you know, style. 1500 square foot houses. Detached. Okay. Not townhouse. 1500 square foot isn't terribly small though. Between 12, 12, 12, here we go. All right. That's all. Mr. Nile. It was the same. I just wanted to know if you had any, any plans for what these, these houses were going to look like. Yeah. I mean, we haven't designed them because we don't know, you know, what we're doing there. We're trying to, you know, know what size of lots are to design something on it. All right. Mr. Shampon. Thank you. Mayor. My question is, I know you haven't designed the homes yet. How are you going to take care of parking? It's going to have carport in the front. Corporate in the front. You're going to close in the ditch because you're going to be required to close in the ditch as well as put sidewalks. Right. Sidewalk and driveway. So when do you think you'll get those renderings? No, determine on what happens. I mean, it shouldn't take long. Yeah. And in Pam, I know you said the, I mean, we haven't done this before. That's awfully small. 41 feet on frontage, 41 foot frontage. Because there hasn't been any of the houses. There hasn't been any lots that were divided into. So there may be lots that are existing that are smaller. This is the first time somebody comes with a lot wants to divide it into as a single family residential. So we to be able to do this. That's the only reason why not saying it can't be done. We just don't have the ordinance or the authority to be able to do it. So that's why it's a, I don't want to say an anomaly. We're now getting into areas where you don't have a redevelopment ordinance. You have a development ordinance, which is what we'll follow. So I just need guidance from y'all if y'all are okay with the size. And what are y'all okay with in order for it to be approved? Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Nile. Yeah. So I guess on top of what you just said, I see the lot. 610 right next to it is 40 by 70. So it essentially would fall in the same. They would each be 40 foot wide, 41 foot wide. So it would it would at least flow with the lot right next to it. So that's why I did think that that could be a potential to go to move forward with it. If you guys grant the variance, then the, the variance on size and frontage. I would not recommend any variances on the side setbacks or anything because we do have to be able to get to the back to be able to get to utilities and be able to get to service it. That's the one thing with their lots already being small. If you end up not having, if you end up having anything less on the sides than how does somebody get to be able to maintain anything. That's the only thing that I would recommend. I don't think there's a, to my knowledge, there's not a request for variance on the setback. Correct. There wasn't any request, but they didn't put the setbacks on the plat. So we wanted to make sure that the, we wanted to make sure that the developer recognized that he's got a smaller lot if you were to approve it. Yeah. To also recognize that whatever he decides to do, unless you guys make a variance for the side setbacks that all setbacks would be applicable. So that was kind of what we wrote why we had, we wanted to make sure when we wrote the deficiencies that it wasn't just those things that we were denying it based upon the size and the frontage. However, there were other deficiencies along with the plat. So for clarification. Gotcha. So yeah, in order to be accepted as an order for us to record it as a plaid, we would just, we would notate the standard plaid five on the sides 20 in the front, 10 on the back. Yeah, the plat at itself, I understand. Yeah, the plat is it, even if besides that, there was a couple housekeeping notes that we would just put on that. That's correct. So I just wanted to make sure that the developer understood that. Sure. Miss Jean-Pine, did you have a question? I'm good. Thank you. Mr. Boljana. I guess this would be to my fellow council members. I do remember this conversation the last time we discussed it. And I think that we had given them the recommendation that three was too many to fit on this lot, but that if they were able to work and to squeeze in to, I think, two homes, but with the understanding with the reasonable square footage that we would be able to work with them. With that, I guess work with them on that option other than a being three. So I just want to maybe I guess get your input on on that discussion just because of a think off of a councilman, where Nileans comment that the lot sizes would flow with in comparison, I guess it would really be incumbent on us to know the how the square footage of 121500 would lay out. And if they don't ask for the variance on the setbacks on the rear of the sides, I don't think that that's going to be a massive issue for us, especially with the car port and then the ditch is being closed in. Because I do that, remember that being a concern from I want to say the neighboring neighboring lots is they just didn't want too many homes, squeeze into one, but I think the two homes is going to be able to fit within a reasonable square footage. I remember in those conversations correctly, at least. And to give you guys a little context to Wells landing, the lots are 45 just to kind of put it in a little frame of now that was prior to the adoption of this particular ordinance just to let you know about what type of, you know, what size would be the neighborhood cross of sure rich, those lot sizes or yeah, yeah. That's the. Some of those are about the same size if not a little bit smaller than yeah, the same size. The same concept. Miss Champagne. Yes, sir. Just really a comment. If we approve this, we'll have to remember we're going to set a precedence for future developments. So that's a big concern of mine is having is setting a precedence for future developments. So even if the lot on the side is 40 something feet and they want to put a single home, it would meet all the requirements, but it would not need the double. So I'm just concerned about setting a precedency, especially in an area of our city that's so tight, you know, already. And we have we do have traffic problems. We know that because of the schools. Well, that concerns me greatly to put two more homes there. Thank you. We can it is a public hearing. So do you want to hear is there any public comment anyone from the public which address the council relative to the sub. It's really the question before the council is whether to take an 82 foot wide lot and basically cut it in half and what would happen there would be there would be two single. Resid to single homes as the landowner described. So Sandra, I'm sorry. You had a question. Yes, ma'am. Ms. Keal, please come up. I just have a question. Matt and I were talking early. Yeah, if you don't mind. Just so anybody's viewing her. Matt and I was speaking earlier by the ordinances they have for Royalville. And like what type of housing can come into that's I thought it was going to only be single family homes. From now on in no more town homes and no more duplexes and things like that. I think it's going to be a great way to break me if I'm wrong. Yeah, so yeah, right. These are this is a traditional house detached. There's no there's a totally one house with four sides. There's no it's not it's not attached. So yeah, it meets it meets that now just just to get every for remembrance to get everybody up to speed. I mean there there has not been an ordinance that prohibits those. So I think the thing is that if someone wants to do a town home development, it has to come before the council for action. So so I guess what I'm telling you is the even if this is granted tonight, the landowner would not be able to do townhouses there unless they were to come back before the council. So I think that my conversations with with the landowner is that they've heard they've watched they've watched the conversations and that's why they've they've shifted their model from taking one lot into three any consideration of town homes and what they're doing here. And I believe is in part based on the feedback that we've collected from residents like yourself that they that it should be, you know, just a regular house like you'd expect. And that's my the concern to the traffic. I mean we really have I mean the traffic is horrible. I mean somebody would just have to really come and see. I mean people leaving from young'sville middle. And we have people going this way and you have traffic coming from green team and then it's just a lot of congestion in that area. It's already a lot of congestion. Yeah. So that's all I have to say. All right. Thank you, Miss Kiel. Any any other public comment anyone else in the audience which to address the council relative to the subdivision of property. Yes, sir. Yes, please come up. I'm sorry. I don't I don't think I don't have in my chair. So my name is Laura's Darby. I do. I was born in the race here. The address you spoke about earlier 610 is my mother's which is next door. I grew up next to that house. Is it is any way that he could present a plan of the design drawing before your approval anything. We can actually look at. Yeah. So now that we can stop it. Yeah. Well what I would I guess what I would say to that. I mean we don't we don't have a an architectural code relative to residential really anywhere in the city. Now the council can choose to do that. I mean it this is up for you know their their discussion this evening. We don't have anything currently in place that would require them to send that you know to us in advance. Other than that it would just be a single family house. Yes, single family house meaning one single family not. Yes, sir. Yeah, there would be two. Two cottage homes built there. I guess my personal opinion that was really going to be my own. Sorry. That was I guess my only connection to wanting to approve that rather than it being one big lot that two homes would maybe fit the style of the homes we currently have in the downtown historical district versus someone went about a lot and built a home that looks nothing like the rest. And then it just kind of is the odds or something. So that would be my hopes that it would give some guidance to them would be to build something in the facade that would similar with the already plank sliding. Or break facade, shingles metal roof, whatever the case is within their budget but to look similar to the homes in the area where it's not going to just be the odd looking house out. Thank you. Miss shop. Yes, Mayor. I'm sorry. I apologize. I failed to answer. They're going to rent these homes or sell them. Thank you. I have a question for you. The set back in the rear. Are we any variance on that or no, there's nothing request. So you're going to say more than 10 feet. How far? Like you've obviously I know you haven't done renderings but you've had to put something down to where you can say this is kind of what we're looking at. I've built these around town and they generally 1200 to 1400. I mean, and the reason I said I'm assuming most of the homes down there I'm looking at the map and I did not go measure by means because I don't want to be on the private property but most of those homes are probably less than the 60 feet. I would assume I mean I'm looking at it kind of zigzags to the road as far as the rest of those homes. I mean, I don't want to be in that area but around the corner and everything too. As far as the set back. Some of those are about the same size as what you must have built that. I mean, I remember the conversation that Lindy's bringing up and I'd I agree with a lot of the residents down there. Town homes is not something I'm not saying that's a, you know, duplex is probably. I mean, I mean, I'm not saying that's a good question. Obviously, two new homes there, beautifies area a little bit more. The only thing that concerns me is we're going almost 20 foot variants on the set back. As far as you're going from. You mean on the size of the size. I'm sorry. The two adjacent lots if you look or 60 a piece. You're asking. It's kind of hard to see but if you the two to the east or 60. It's larger than 40 but smaller than 60. So there is. That's what I was assuming. Yeah. To answer your question and answer. Yeah, there is no consistency on the lot. It's downtown. The plate that show the ones on the on the east side is 60 bit. The ones on the ones on the west. Or the one immediately next to it. I know it is. 40. Yeah. And I do agree with this. I'm going to say that I'm going to say that it is a bit of a bit of a mon that at some point. Yeah, it does set a person. But at the same time. I feel like we continue to hear a lot of stuff for the downtown area. I feel like we have been a continuous roadblock to an extent. I do see that this is something that is probably going to help that area. I'm actually okay with. First, 608 Avenue B lots of one and two. Okay, I have a motion by Mr. Romero and second by Mr. Volgiano. It's still open for discussion. If there's any any public comment. Okay, there's no additional comment. Miskeedry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Mr. Van Eyle. Yes. Miss Shanghai. Motion approved. I lost track of where you said. He's in the. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I was looking over your head. All right. Passer. Thank you. All right. Next, the agenda item 6.1. Mr. Blake Romero's requesting some clarification and approval of the following discussion. I'm going to go ahead and ask for a construction landscape and an interior design facility to be located at a 404. Stimammatory Parkway. There's two items. A is the applicability of section 107. Two BC as it relates to the 51 percent facade requirement for the 150 foot depth amongst the memory parkway and for the remaining footage of property. And then B to clarify that there's no conflict variance due to the addition. So, for, for counseling for the public, this particular parcel is part of the Doucharm Industrial Development in that area of Stimammatory when, when the council passed an ordinance requiring the 51 percent to be another material other than metal. There was an exclusion, an exemption for the Doucharm Industrial Area except for the frontage along Stimammatory Parkway. The frontage along Stimammatory Parkway is not defined. So, this, the illustration that's in your packet basically shows a proposed business as my appreciation. It's going to be three businesses there that are going to be part of the process. So, are going to be at 150 feet from the front on Stimammatory. So, I could have made a decision on it perhaps to say, you know, what is the frontage there considered. But, you know, we're here. And the other question, or if you look through the packet and we'll get the property there, I would like to ask you to come in as well. What they're doing is a business here at this property and they're wanting to phase the construction of their project. So, the first building that they're looking to construct would be the one that's 150 foot back that we're discussing tonight where we're seeking clarification. The next building would be placed in front of that building closer to Stimammatory. So, the second question is from conversations with the permitting and team. That building would be in full compliance with the ordinance because it is a long Stimammatory Parkway. And they have some renderings of what that would look like in your packet there. The second question there is really relative to, you know, insert the land use ordinance now. Because sweet water point cottages are to the west of that property. There would be a conflict level of to have a business next to a residence. And those sweet water point cottages were actually built within that do sharm industrial park area. And that's the reason we felt that it did warrant your consideration for variance because the cottages were an essence built in the area that the council designated on our in our ordinances as the do sharm industrial park area. Yeah, basically the variance you gave for the cottages created an undue conflict to these folks. So they bought the property not knowing they would have an additional conflict because the council granted that other variance. So this is the first time we actually have that. A lot of times we do everything about who comes first, but they came first and they asked for a variance where these folks would be in compliance with the actual variance platted. That makes sense. And does one more piece of additional context them that when the business restrictions were put in place. The council identified certain areas across the city that would probably be more conducive for development of businesses where the restrictions would be more relaxed and not have. And the facade restrictions and things of that nature we just didn't at that time. And this was one of them. The other areas the business park of the curve of fortune, you know, the the Gersney and Angus that area. Part of Griffin road, I think is included there. And I think it's just a clarification of how much of that frontage did you did you want to reserve. You know, to be exempt from that requirement, keeping in mind that this is a phase. Business that the next building is going to be, you know, masking really whatever. Or it's going to be complimentary to what's being constructed today. Am I getting that right? Yeah, please come on up. Mr. Blake, Ramara. I'm Blake just to add one thing. So knowing we're asking for clarification or variance, we are willing to put up a privacy fence in front of the warehouse with some landscaping to kind of shield. So we we do want to be in compliance with this, you know, new facade requirement, but with our phase bill at the end of the day, it will. But just with the industry, we're going to kind of be cautious and be what we need. Once it picks back up, we'll be able to be what we need then. Our goal is probably within the year, but things would have to pick up. What did I, I mean, that's not really relevant, but I mean, I excited that you're interested in bringing a business here. Maybe tell us like, which youngsville. So I'm a resident here. I moved here in 2009. I've been here for quite a while. This is my business partner, Bobby. We both own all the companies in our wives do a lot with us and the business has really grown. So we're kind of operating out of, we have laid down areas and we borrow offices. So we just want to bring everything under one roof. One of the be close to home. He lives in youngsville as well. So we want to be close to home. One of my things I'm kind of for the variances, the size setback from the housing to the commercial property. I know, but that's my biggest issue is that I'm a licensed survey or so. I know a little more about this side. That's kind of the big variance that we really, really need. Instead of the 20, 25 foot, we need to go back to the five foot setbacks. So that's my biggest thing. Yeah, yeah, he's speaking to the to the second one, which is to be. Okay, Mr. Niley. I was just more so asking of what the business itself, what are you all looking to do and bring in? I see you have materials and a nursery and a shop. So we have a construction company. We do residential commercial buildings. We also have a license. We also do a landscaping company as well. So the warehouse is going before the landscaping side, just to kind of store materials, store bays of bed materials, rocks, and so on. The warehouse is going to be kind of beneficial for the construction site for all materials for houses, for future projects for commercial stuff and the landscaping side. So that's why we're doing it phases and then we'll build our true commercial building in front of the storefront. So. All right, Mr. Shampa. Thank you, Pam. Would be their side setbacks now. Well, the original side setbacks be five, but with the conflict, it makes it 25. Well, the building that you're going to build in the front is beautiful. I want you to know that. It is pretty, very pretty. I'm glad to see business wanting to come more business coming to young still. You're going to have so say in and gravel. Yes, no, not sell it, but it's more for our. We brought in and store and then sold as we as we use it, but it's not going to be like retail. Because I used the residential to get the setbacks for industrial industrial setbacks, if you have sand and gravel is 50 foot green belt on the side. If you don't use the sand and gravel, it would be a general business, which would be 25, 20 feet, foot green belt with trees. So when we did, I don't think I was on the concert when they did the cottages. What was their variance? Well, the cottages built in the industrial so they had to get the variance to allow that lot to allow residential. So there would be these gentlemen would not need a variance, but giving a variance in allowing residential and an industrial now makes these gentlemen have to get any one of those. So we've never had something where we give a variance and then the original lot owners, the way it was platted now have to do more on their sides than the than the folks that got the variance. So we've never had that before. So it isn't an anomaly. But yes, they they are in an industrial. And if the lot on the side of them was industrial, they'd have nothing they'd be able to do the exact same thing. So you build the warehouse first and then put this building to the front. What guarantees do we have that that will happen? Because if we agree with the variance, the facade variance, then we'll have a building that's not in compliance with our with our ordinances because it would be fronting a major order. So it would not be in compliance. So we're looking for the I guess the definition of what that frontage footage is. So like we defined 150 so we'll build beyond 150 to not meet the facade requirements, but any building built within that 150 will meet it. Really, you know, it's going to be market driven if I'm being honest, you know, it thinks pick up. I mean, we we'd like to do this today to be 100% honest. As we all know, market industry is not really booming at the moment. It was good last couple of years when it picks up again, hopefully they will build. But, you know, if you can guarantee rates of going out, I'm guarantee you will build. I wish they would too. I don't think any of us can guarantee that. So I'm assuming this is the office that will be built later in a ring. If you don't get the facade variance, you'll build you'll start the first phase past 150. Correct. Yes sir. Okay. Has there been any discussions because of the issue because of the issue with the sides. Is this the neighborhood that starts with two or three homes and it curves? No. Is that the one? Is that it's a it's a it's a rental community. Smaller ones. It's like two or three and they're kind of dog legs off away from the front. From the front. Yeah, I do. Yeah. Okay. On the curve. That was it. It's all. Yeah. So not all the colleges run alongside the side. They will be. They're not all constructed. I have y'all look. I mean, you'll get a ring ring. This. And I see that the materials building is obviously going to be up against this. Has there been any discussions about flipping everything to where your drive is up against that? No, we're open to that. Because personally, I don't know what your hours are going to be, but I assume there'll be some four or five a.m. Loads and stuff like that. And I think that's going to be a little bit more appealing for people buying homes if that was further away. Especially obviously we granted a variance and put y'all somewhat in a situation too. And that would be my one request if we do a variance on it. And as far as when it comes to facade ordinance, that was something I'll turn this up. And that will be something I will stick to. And I understand why you're waiting. I can appreciate that. I just don't want to see because that area is going to start booming shortly, especially the school board really pushing. And just to clarify, we're not necessarily asking for a variance against the facade or a department. We're just asking for the definition of it. Like where does it start along shim and then properties, you know, 500 foot. Is it the entire property? Can we define it as the first one 50? That's what we're talking about. Any building built needs a pie to the facade ordinance. How far does that go, you know, along shim and menry. And it's the whole city in my opinion. It's set for the couple of areas. Well, and this is one of the areas I apologize. Okay. I mean, you made the comment about fencing and shrubbery. I mean, is eight foot fence out of the question. I assume this is probably like a two story building or something. Well, it's a warehouse. Yeah. Well, it's going to 20 feet. It would 16 foot. Okay. 16 footies. No, no, no, no. A pilling though. Because I mean, I guess what I look at is a year from now. What if, you know, something gas station or somebody. I don't know what kind of business would come in. It's like, you really want to build next to that. And I'm not saying your business is going to be, you know, trash or anything. I don't understand. Yeah. Yes, Bull. I would, I would feel quite silly if we deny this variance. Just because we put the property in this position. And I don't know that, and I was one that voted on. That community when we approved it when we did. And maybe that was just not 100% thought through. Maybe I'll just take ownership of my behalf. But I felt pretty silly if we denied that just because we put them in this predicament. And I would be pretty incumbent on us to make sure that we see that through for them. Grant it, make sure that they follow through with the rest of the. Vassade them in, you know, the appearances shoes that we have. And then obviously this defense. But I would. I'm comfortable with going ahead and making a motion to approve. Both. A and B. All right. I'm going to move on variance on both A and B. Is there a second? Unless you want the circulation to be that we do the. Yeah. You want to pause the motion? Yeah, if you don't, that's fine. Yeah. But that be okay. Good. Yeah, Mr. Ma. I think that on the warehouse, would you all be willing to put the facade in the just the front of the building that's facing a seminary when you build the warehouse to meet our facade ordinance. Just the front front of it instead of we require 51% of the building. But that'd be doable for you. The solid just kind of break it up because honestly our our building we're going to do is going to be completely break party or some. The front the building. Yes, it's going to be 100%. Yeah, we've been fine with that. I can not can understand what Matt's concerned about because that's why we have this facade ordinance. Now, my thing was is if we do that, I'm not trying to open a whole new account of where it's that how do you look at the side? So I come down the road. I don't want this to kind of come back on us and then well now you got the road now you have to do landscaping which will find with it. So right now that's I know you're causing gray area on the ordinance that we've had discussions on. So as of right now, you're looking at your front end, your front end, essentially, a good example in your area, the medic cell. So if you're not going to do anything, maybe you could have ideas from or supply that. You know, at the end of the day, it's we don't want it to be a bunch of cookie cutter stored or just, you know, and obviously your intent is to build more in front of it one day. But we have no way of 100% no way. So if you're well, I mean, I don't I don't see a point in the fencing if you're willing to do something on that front end myself. I do would like to see that. Flip everything. I think it's neighborly and then it would. We hadn't even thought of that to be honest. I just looked at it and I mean unless there's a reason why the roads right there. Is it not going to put the drive? I'd the drive that still. Yeah, but when that when that when that put the drive on the road, put the drive closer to the house. And then they be going in. But that would be louder than I would think and the drive would provide. I think of the way the way the current you're currently out. This is now would be less than that. I'm going to do that. I thought that the drive was closer to the homes. I thought that'd be more noisier than it. If I could, let me just make a couple comments. One of the concerns that I think it's fair that we'll all agree that young so has an opportunity with is to create daytime jobs and businesses within our community. These gentlemen have a piece of property under contract to bring that type of development here at our community. Haley and I have been struggling with landowners that are imposing pretty hefty requirements on architectural requirements, which are making our jobs challenging to get those type of things accomplished here. So I just want to I just want to preface with that because we do not have an architectural code in our community. We've made an attempt to because of the 51 percent, something other than metal. But what we also did there was we tried to designate areas that would be more conducive for business development. I think perhaps where we in hindsight, sweet water point, I think the impetus to approve sweet water point there was to see some development on that in the town, you know, similar to a metere place, you know, to try to get some development on that side of town so that we perhaps the corners of the VLA roundabout could be developed, you know, with commercial or retail. So I appreciate y'all's willingness to, you know, to kind of work. I believe that nobody, but I believe that the property owner and the business owner once their property looked the best more so than any of us. You guys are in the landscape business. I've understand your partners or your wives or interior designers, perhaps. So I just wanted to afford you guys a little bit of credit and appreciation for considering and bring the business here to us. Miss Champlain. No, I just wondered about the facade if they'd be willing to do something just with the road frontage. I get it job in an industrial area and the city put y'all in that position. So and it is the building you're going to be able to the front. I would just like some guarantees some type of guarantees that those will actually happen. But I think it's a beautiful building and yes, we welcome we welcome the business. Thank you. I'll make a motion to approve. Verances and be I guess with the, I mean, do we still with the stipulation with the drive to be flipped? Is that is that necessary as it's a day or or. You know, I mean, I mean, I don't know which one I have no way of telling what's going to be more near as you're left or right. It's impossible for me to know that I'm sure for y'all as well. Maybe I would just say that we keep an option open to to do that before the final layout. And then obviously with the over the solid 40% of the front. Frontage. Okay, so motion by Mr. Ball, Gianno. I'll second. All right, second by Mr. Nylon. I think we should be further comments or discussion. I do think it is. Let me just back up because I'm listening up here and now I do think it's a great suggestion if it's feasible to do it because I mean, there's still regardless of really what area of the city that you're in. There's there are noise ordinances while I don't, you know, I don't know if it doesn't sound like you're going to be doing a 24 hour operation. I don't know if it's a day time work, but I just wanted to, I didn't want to not state that because really that would be the same if you were in completely surrounded by. Yeah, you know, by industrial commercial development, you know, should there be complaints about it. So Mr. Romero. Yeah. So item A, we really don't need to include an appearance because I'm here doing something to the facade per. So just just a front like the current facade ordinance, just the front facing elevation is a 51. It's not the entire awful. It's it's 51% of the entire building. But if you're that parcel is exempt from it except for the frontage. So the question is, this building is at 150 feet. So what is the, what is the, what is the frontage? And I'm sorry I wasn't in this meeting because I probably just would have said that's. I wish you would. And look, honestly, like we're on compliance with doing the break front on the face. We're trying not to, we're trying to eliminate the 51% around the structure. And then you start to add tens of thousands of dollars to keep it. Maybe ten thousand. And then you declare upon that. And if I may, when we met with them, I, if I'm not mistaken, one of the reasons why when I had suggested. So they're doing the second building right, the warehouse. And then when they do the front, they were going to do that 51%. One of their things is they want to attach the front to that second one. So the reason why I recommended if that was the case to do the fence and the landscape. What I don't want is the gentleman to have a bunch of that. And then they have to tear it out because they did tell me they were going to connect it. So what I did want was a bunch of brick. And in thinking about the way they were doing it. So it's since they said it was a phased approach. So that's why we were like, okay, we really need to know. So if the front building is what's within the hundred and fifty and they meet the 51%. But in the interim until that front building is built. If they have a fence and landscaping. It's one thing to pull out landscaping to add the second part, which is the 51. And then at that point they were saying, okay, but once it's connected, all the two set 51s still on that front point. So it made it a little bit more complicated. I recognize they just really want to know with regards to their building material. But that is one thing I think they did mention is that when you look at that picture, the two buildings will be connected at the time when they do the office. That's why I brought up the eight foot fence or wish rubber like you mentioned. I didn't know how high. It's temporary. And that's probably a lesson we leave it open as an option if we choose to do the 51% of the front fence. I mean, I'm just trying to, I mean, you're obviously wanting to probably use that brick money toward the more beautiful building. I mean, I mean, so, especially if you're going to like pay and sit tied. Yeah, it'd be a point of sitting down. Yeah, it'd be, it'd be, it'd be pointless to tear down to waste funds on that just to tear down anyway. But yeah, we can leave it as an option. So, you want to amend the motion to where you want to admit it to say to you where they have the option to either do 51% on the front edge of the building or eight foot fence with shrubbery. You got all that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That way it's in there and they don't. Someone has come back on them in two years, whatever might be, it might take you a while to build. Hopefully, so much conversation. So, yeah, so we're going to leave the option open for the facade fence or shrubbery until phase two building is built. I accept. Good. Thank you. Any other discussion about the. I hate it. I hate to ask this question, but I am just curious. There are other, there are other items that are exempt in the do charm industrial park. Like hard surface. Except for the front edge. Which is if you notice they have concrete on the front part and they have limestone on the back. Okay. Okay. Well, then you go already a step ahead. I'm just bringing it. Again, that's why they kept asking what the definition of front edge. So if you're a lot that's 500 foot deep, I don't think the intention was ever to make an industrial lot of 500 depth. So, I think that's why we're going to be able to meet everything for the site. So, they're rare in that most. Most people could only hope they could they could purchase 500 feet along. Along, along, Shaman, Mary in the other places where it's not industrial. So, when they asked that was my question, I, you know, is it what's it? And that's why we have the 150 good they were in talking with them. They're like, oh, if we can do 150, we have no problem in the facade with that building. So, we have the other stuff, but again, we don't want the nursery and everything all the way to the back. Yeah. They have to have the car. So, that's why we talked. So, if you look at that second when they did show hard surface and we told them it could be concrete or asphalt. And they don't get to where it's non to weigh in the back again. Okay. Push back in since it is an industrial. So, yeah, we did, we did go over that. And they want hard surface parking. When they have that business, they want people to come into hard surface parking anyway. I didn't see it on the render out apologize. Just thinking ahead in case I get plans from you tomorrow. I think I need to come back. Yeah. Speaking of it. All right. Is there any further discussion? All right. Miss Giddy, please call the hood. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Mr. Nyland. Yes. The show by. A group. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. All right. Thank you. Mr. Kevin Carter and his. His partners are here. And there's spouses with Schimett properties LLC and their request in a residential development variance for 1110H. Are Schimett, Metery Road. Just just high level. I mean, it's basically a 10 acre tractor property. That. Schimett properties owns. They are interested in subdividing it into three parcels. This isn't a public here about the subdivision of it. We met with Kevin and his partners to discuss, you know, what would the requirements be? And we really just wanted to. Before he spends money to go through the subdivision of plating process, really just kind of wanted to. And we have outline like what the requirement would be a subdivision of property. And we would require. You know, all the things if you're. If you're doing a public road that's going to be dedicated to the city to become city infrastructure. We basically are we prescribe what that. What that typical section of the road surface looks like. We we you know are managing. The drainage study, the details, all those type of things. Um, I'm. Mine is standing from these. From these landowners is that they want to cut it into three parcels. They're trying to. Potentially look at making these their their homes on those pieces of property. But one of the concerns was. You know, doing the hard surface. I'm sorry, making a curving gutter. Or leaving it open ditch that does drive the cost up. So I did discuss the options with them. And I'm sure they'll they'll. They'll be willing to discuss it with you. You know, different options. You know, if the roads private. The roads private. I mean, we've. We've handled it both ways. We've had. We've had developments where we've said, hey, you want to do a development. Here's the. Here's the rulebook for the residential development. Here's how you build the road. And we require testing inspection. And when we take the road, we know it's built to last. So we're not redoing a public road. You know, five years in when we have other neighborhoods, we haven't touched in 30 years. So all that, you know, was really well intended within. We started getting some developers that said, well, hey, I wanted. I don't want to do that. I cannot call it private. You know, I'm going to consider putting a gate up in the front. And it works out for me because I'm going to charge more for the lots anyway. So then we were kind of in a scenario where we said, well, do we require you to still build the roads, our specification? Because somebody's going back there and private road or not. Seems like a lot of calls come here about it. So that's kind of why we're here just to discuss, you know, if you would you allow the road to be designed, that neighborhood to be designed to be open ditch. And one of the considerations could be the road would have to potentially remain private. Any Pam, anything that there? And then we'll hear from Mr. Carter and the team. With regards to the road, yes. If it doesn't meet ours, we would make sure that the plat, not only my recommendation would be that there be a letter that says it, but also that the plat says that the road would never be able to be adopted by the city of Young'sville because it's going to have to remain private because it doesn't meet city standards. Yeah. And then we put a request sheet in here, didn't we? For this one. Maybe I'm just overlooking it. There's one. Yeah. And then the second one that I just wanted to mention was, well, let me just, I'll tell you with the other, with the other. The situations are here. So, yeah, hard surface. You know, if it roads would have to be, you know, carbon gutter, we just discussed that waiver of common area green space. I mean, a residential development requires 10% of the development to have green space. A residential development really isn't defined in our ordinances. So, is that I think our intention was when you're building a new neighborhood of 100, you know, lots roughly, we want land designated for common area that a future HOA can build and improve and have, you know, all the things there that they want. So, I don't know that that was really intended to be built, you know, if we're just subdividing property for like family to live in. One of the other things that we've had an issue with previously, you know, at one point in our history, something like this would be considered just, you know, we, oh, I'm doing some estate plan and I'm, I'm cutting a piece of property in the three to give it to my kids. And then suddenly, the first kid, you know, cuts it into two or three and then, you know, then somebody not in the family owns the next one. And then we got plans dropping off here and we say, oh, you got to do a, you got to do a drainage study. This is unimproved property that you bought. We have that right now on like VLA telephone road. Craig Road. Craig Road. Craig Road is probably our best example, but even on telephone road, every time somebody buys a lot on telephone road, they don't want to do the detention and keep in mind. They've got big lots, but they got huge houses, shops, concrete drives all the way to it. So a large lot doesn't mean that you're not going to affect drainage. A large lot usually means you're just going to have that much more impervious. So, but we had that with telephone road. We had that with Almanaster where we put it on the plat and we still had issues every time somebody came in with a house. So the result of that is when you had the one on Deacon, Mr. Hadalgo, he put his detention first and then sold his lots. So you've had it both, but again, because I'm seeing that they want to delay it, just letting you know that there's not been a single one where it was delayed that we didn't have something come up when we came to the city. So just so it's it's entirely up to you. I just want you to know that we've done you've done it both ways and the pros to not doing it saves money on it. But we've also had several and there's not one of them that's come to us in the beginning that are still owned by the people who came in and said it was their wishes that they wanted to do, but something happened, whether it be transfer, whether it be the economy or something else happened. And they no longer own those parcels. So when we make our recommendations, we make it to live throughout that parcel, not just for what's and that's why we talk about Craig Road. There is an a single Craig family person that owns that anymore and saw the drainage decisions and everything have come back on us because nobody owns any of those parcels anymore with what was agreed on at the beginning. And let me just let me be clear about the about the drainage. There was no there's no request from the developer to not do any drainage work there. The question was just you know relative to three lots. I was we were really just having conversation about, you know, do I do I want to, you know, what what am I doing with this piece of property is evaluating his options. So are we that that was one of the considerations to we said you have three three acre lots. We can load up the plot with the details to say, you know, detention requirements will be on each lot or basically pushing it off to the time of construction on each lot. So it wouldn't be a waiver or a cheapening of the standard. It would just be done at the time of like home construction. So we didn't you know so that lots flagged if somebody comes in and drop off construction plans for it. You know it's incumbent upon us at that time to you know realize that those lots also require additional steps there. So each lot would have to do their own attention study. I think we had spoke I guess about where month ago maybe two months ago when you I guess this originally had started. And then pandas lot is city limits correct. We are looking at running. I'm assuming you're going to have to utilities and everything ran down there. But I guess from I guess a far sort of we can have a hard run all the way at the end of there near those three lots it would be all the way at the road. Because it's only if they run it. So if it's going to be a private road you have to run everything. So there is water that's right there. Actually, mattery and sewer there is gravity sewer across the street that they be able to tie into so they will have to tie into those. Yeah. Both of those. But it's it's right there. So from a standpoint of if the fire department would want something different you would have to say that you would want something. I'm probably one of my main or only concerns because the driveways such a long which a long drive I'm not really overly concerned with like I guess hard service would be great but gravel. It can be done. I'm just more worried how long the drive is and how far the homes are going to be set back from once the property line starts how far back you want to put them and and would not because sometimes I've noticed that creates a pretty complicated problem for us. I don't personally have a problem though as far as the delay of the tension requirements. I know we've seen that both ways and how we handle that. Just on that. But no. Is it is it an issue for the I mean for the fire department. I mean is it with rating and things like that to have. I mean would this be an area that you have to have a tank or truck if the water is only at the street. No, I mean we would run like our largest diameter. Who is this five inch would run it but the longer the stretch the less the pressure you get. And so when we do pressure testing of the year we'll have a call Terry and they'll have the boost to pressure up. So if it's not. Medium requirements of what we need then it's just less fluid the pump at the trouble we'll get it to so. You know it I don't foresee you building it at 11 or 12 hundred square foot home. So the Lord's at home the greater the problem is so. And then that's when you have this our shuttling tanker truck sandwiches delays the response delays the. You know how much water would get on at that time so we always recommend if it's if it's feasible if you're able to squeeze it within the budget to get a hydrogen down there that should great a source of having. You know a guaranteed water source there at all times. We can connect with the 50 feet or 100 feet versus a being like 2000 feet or greater. So. You know I guess I'm with with this some reminder about the property and telephone in BLA because there's no hydrants down there so. No it's yeah we the parachute gives us a tanker truck with 3000 gallons but we have to. We get a mutually response and Milton and Bruce are and we'll call anybody else in but when there's a hydrant right at the house location we have a direct source and it's instant so they're just. It's more of a guarantee wait for us and we can we can get water on the fire a lot faster for a longer duration without risk and pressure and whatnot. Miss Shampa thank you I'm just what I want to clarify which I really want to do with the property are you are you going to make it a private private road so that you can have the gravel or in the open ditch without turning them over to the city. Yeah so just you're in 10 yeah just to give a little background we bought the property is three families but the intent to become young's bill residents and razor families there and so we bought five years ago and just recently we started looking into what the cost of building and so we met with the Christian Armstrong. There's a lot of plotting around here and he came with give us an estimate one of the major costs the major costs was the carbon got her which he quoted it like 300,000 and that's just not feasible for us so that was our main concern these the. We had no intention to sell to anybody else and we'd be even open to if you want to put in your variance or ordinance or whatever it probably sold. Or an experience and avoid I mean whatever you want to do to ease your concerns about that I don't know how that would work but absolutely we plan to have three residents there with three families. And it comes to Sue and y'all we do all the suetayans and everything yes we we've quoted those as well the drainage the sewage and we're not concerned about we haven't we're not requesting to vary from that. Yeah we do have a we do have a current gravel driveway already that services the rent house property and I have a question for paying the back port does it border. And some food and there's an anthem couly lateral that goes right through it so the front five acres and then the back five they're on the back five acres so they bought the back five acres of the old shim at acres subdivision that they went when they went to buy it so they bought the back five. And then they bought another five adjacent to it so originally they came in as a boundary line adjustment wanting to combine those two but then cut it in three. And that's when we said that's not a boundary line adjustment that's a redevelopment so that's kind of how this all started because it a boundary line adjustment you're changing one boundary. So a boundary line adjustment would have been if they took the five acres and the five acres took the center line out and just had one ten acres that's a boundary line adjustment when you start to go in and you're now dividing it that's a division of property and our ordinance says when you divide into a more you have to come to the council because then it trips your your development ordinances so that that's kind of where that came from. And so let me just make sure that I understand I know they said no curb and gutter but I just want to reiterate we have no roads private that we have allowed even on the private to be limestone for gormas of existing driveway so just make sure. When I heard curb and gutter and then all of a sudden now i'm here in limestone just just keep in mind we don't even allow a limestone driveways unless it's foreign the back so if we're going to say limestone at what point is limestone just so we know when we're reviewing only because I know what you guys asked if somebody is I want to make sure I understand what the variance is is that limestone all the way you did crack crack road was again let's go back crack road was limestone and that's one of the last. I was at the council meeting under Wilson when he said we black topped which is my I hate that's they in but we black top our last limestone private room so just for clarification. Unless it was already there that that driveways been existing for. It's a. It's a. It's a. This drives an existing right seven years and and back so the back port is in flitzo. The rest becomes X on the back part so there is some along the channel that's eight and then the rest is X but which all are proposing is that each property owner will do that drainage when they want to so how let me ask you this. How is. Peace mealing the three lots and doing drainage going to affect each other like are you planning on building all the same time no it'll be staggered. They need to have to have a palm. There's nowhere around. Yeah what each have to have a pond yeah or you or you have something each one has. We never said we would do that with that was actually one of the discussions we had with Christian was we might have to have a pond for each one or we maybe we could give one big pond but we never said no to any. Yeah so they would have those options. When we got to the carbon gutter in that quote that's when we said like full stop we need to figure out if we can get around that so we can't get around that then you know we might go with the hard surface. Draw ways would be doable instead of the long stone. Well I guess we would have to get a quote up to a certain point I mean yeah obviously it's still be a financial burden. The whole it's about five hundred feet. It would have to be asphalt anyway because I don't the con like that's for like apparatus wise they would make it on the we destroyed the driveway in the first time. I'll go down it anyway so it had to be asphalt for us it'd be what are we willing to negotiate as far as the distance like we want to say like there's a certain footage from the road front like 400 feet from the road or you know what because they're and then we let their less remain. Well I'm looking at it's Miss Romero's home right who lives right there. It's all minor. It's a little white house. Yeah. The front. Yeah exactly. Yeah. That's the 20 25 feet probably the driveway. So 25 feet or so that driveway from an arts. Yeah. No that's a long road. Further. I mean to Lindy's point my concern is obviously hey you do want you know water per fire hydrant everything run back to because of. I mean look what we just had you know two days ago with the fire at a home in the backyard you know we hate for that to happen but access from shimmy battery which is a narrow road right there. So if you have any fire truck coming in there even you know in that police crews are quickly coming in there you know why concrete. Now how far deep is that I don't know 20 feet you know 30 feet. I mean I don't disagree with. You're almost paying for your home to concrete the entire road. I mean that's that's somewhat observed but there's there's probably some kind of middle ground there. I don't know what that is. I think the. Whether it's drainage drainage I know that individual parcels we're going to ensure it happens. So I don't have I don't have a pauses about the drainage because three three parcels and we're going to ensure that that happens you know now or later I think. Go back to like VLA and telephone road though yeah. We heard that we were doing a state planning and we just give you know doing all this stuff and then suddenly you got. You have you have a cluster of homes down there that are very nice. You know there's no sidewalks there's open ditches there's no fire hydrants and. And yeah right so I mean that that's that I think is kind of with the you know the. I think the kind there's a lot there's a lot of variables that go into the development and I know that that those weren't things that he specifically requested the request was simply about you know do you want it to be no well the request was initially originated from do you want it to be carbon gutter or not. I'm just I was bringing up additional variables that really come into play that I'm assuming that maybe it wouldn't fair for me to assume but I guess you all have factored it since you're working with the design. Yeah and we've we've given us an estimate for you know drainage studies and. So urge and water and we're okay with this okay we're not asking to. Get a variance from everything I mentioned you know we're more than happy to comply with. Okay making council happy I'll obviously and so yeah but basically just that carbon gutter really threw us off so that's the main reason we were here before we. We're set access road going to be the access road to this property. It's the important matter. So when it's been fortunate and the roundabout. So we've been going towards browsers. When rose planted a wild rose. So if we go let me just simplify it a little bit first on the first request that was to remove the carbon gutter that that that to me to me you can that's that's open ditch but that. So waving carbon gutter doesn't mean anything about heart surface or not. So I think the initial request that we talked about was just as can it be not carbon gutter which is really just roadside. You know roadside roadside ditches there. I just introduced to them to say you know would you be willing to have it private or do you have an expectation of it being a public road. You become you know variables because because then you're adding more more ditches to the you know the public works inventory and things of that nature. I mean that but the the request originated from is it does it have to be carbon gutter or can it be roadside ditches. So that was basically it you did allow it in. Yeah grand manner now that's private. So it you know the maintaining those ditches in there whenever be you know the citizens response the public's responsibility. Can I move the private actually show that the road and the ditches are not whenever every city whenever anybody plaz it we always plat what's public what's private and we always say on the streets what the material is and if it's open or close in the purpose for that. Let's say it becomes an an open ditch. So if somebody decides later just so that everybody understands once it's plated open ditch it cannot be closed. So for example the McLean subdivision the developer plated it its asphalt a different typical section than what we have because again he left it private and open ditch second lot that he sold they called us wanted public works to go out there so that they could close in their ditch. If it's plated in the reason why is drainage is done different in your ditch is different and so just simply in closing a ditch a lot of times it may not be deep enough or have been originally designed enough to where the proper size pipe for the equivalent flow can be done without the top of the inlet being higher than what the area is so that's the reason why. So it's not as easy so we do have subdivisions back in the day before we came in that did that and it's nothing but probably so you either curb and gutter are you open ditch but you don't open ditch and close in anything except the driveways. So that is so on the other ones to answer questions. So that's once it's opened ditch so when we see a plat and it's open ditch if they come for a permit to close anything besides the driveway we won't give it to them. Will that be reflected on the plat only because yes it's on the flat you know in the future they want one of them wants to sell or they sell them all you know because we're going to have like you said we're going to have the same problem they come to the city and want to close in the ditch we do put it on we put it all on the plat now as some one I'll be honest with you people go to closing. Every day of the week and don't look at the class so I still have to give people plat when they come in and say this is what the plat says so it's not a hunt but it's there and it's our proof to be able to say it so we do put it on plat so we put again open or close ditch what's the material and if it's private versus public so let's say 20 years from now none of these gentlemen own it and somebody comes and wants Terry because me and Terry will still be here 20 years and when they come and they ask us to do it. That's when we'll open up the plat and say I'm sorry we can't so again that's why we put on the plat because the plat is recorded the courthouse and it is the one thing that will stay consistent whether any of us are here or not. Thank you. I think we're going to have to address some of this left individually why don't you allow us to start with just the carbon gutter requirement first so and then we can let's let's say a little bit further so. Yeah let's for four we went in my fault but we went around a lot so the initial request was to allow the development to be curb carbon gutter. Carbon gutter not which is basically just not closed ditches but all other ordinances still intact so correct okay Mr. Boljana. I'm okay with with waving the the carbon gutter down the private road if that's your intention to be private. All right second all motion motion to wave motion to variant. All right would you want to get any public comment relative to this. You want let's let's vote on this and then they choose they can entertain anything else beyond that so misgivery please call the vote. Mr. Boljano yes Mr. Romero Mr. Ireland. Mission fine motion approved okay any anything else that you want to make a case for I guess that for consideration because I know you have some decisions to make relative to the property. Yeah no I mean I think you know like I've mentioned we're going to be ready to be fully compliant all drainage flood you know a sewage so you know this was the biggest item for us we have been maintaining the road already for. We're on five years now so we're fully prepared to maintain the road as we have been you know you feel free to drive by it we've maintained it to the rent house so. You know that was our intent to handle everything ourselves you know up to the council approval or the standards. Mr. Mayor my only thing is okay you know wave the carbon gutter that's fine but again I'm going to go back to the entrance to the road now that it is going to be fully potentially three residents. You know nine plus cars or you know eight plus cars potentially fire whatever that. I'm going to be in motion here to war you know I would say before that we can I would say before we entertain waving anything with hard surface I would say that maybe. I would say if you all get a quote maybe on what that what that's going to look like and what the exact footage is from start to the the. I guess to the the drain and jesus men also don't know I'm guessing that was a pan that's a there's a covert they were the crossing it was a cattle fill back in the day or was I'm assuming. There's a call crossing into the right there was there was there is there crossing that goes into that property with it like I said a large drainage covert I don't know how I don't sure the weight is going to entertain us is a covert. Yeah over the create idea so I guess we had to we had I don't know anything how long it's been there and what with the weight capacity is it how long that would I don't know any of those answers so I would have to be. Discuss with them later on this this isn't I mean. Private it's private right going to be private private you'll still have to go through. A preliminary plot process absolutely we were just we were giving it preemptive that's fine we should they decide to go through the preliminary plot process before we spent you know Yeah thousands of dollars on all the preliminary stuff and then get told we have to do carbon gutter correct it was always the money. So so at this point I mean if if you mean you have one variance I think which is your initial question really about I thought a litany of other things that could be considerations you know that because I mean you can do a development any kind of way I just didn't know if there was anything else that was really. Drive in your decision on whether or not you want to move forward the development. Really you would get that opportunity again you know. Now that we have the approval of no carbon gutter we're going to dig deeper deeper into the costs and all the requirements and move forward yeah okay well if you sure will be back yeah if you do see I mean not I'm not encouraging it but if you if you do decide to move forward based on tonight's information and you have other requests you will still have that opportunity when the council votes when actually the subdivision of the property. Yeah okay it'll come back to council as a preliminary plan correct all right we're good Mr. Carter or get perfect all right thank you appreciate you. All right agenda item 7.1 resolution 2025 01 a resolution authorizing the waiver of commercial permitting fees through the end of the year December 31st 2025 to facilitate economic development Mr. Romero Mr. Romero motions second by Mr. Volgiano. Any council comment or any public comment. Mr. Indy. My question was the how much did we bring in on commercial permitting that year and how much do we expect that wavering a fee. How will it impact the council's budget. I mean is it something that we have to waive the whole thing to bring in the developer developers or is this something where it can be done on. I'm a half or I'll say it's probably four years now or five years I think was the first time councilman stands very broad it up I think it was a great idea at the time we've rolled it three of the four years maybe we've done it. There was one time off and on I think from a perception as a new business owner when they're meeting with the mayor staff meeting you know coming in young sales offering to waive your permitting fees it's it's not a money maker it does cover some things and you know and need so. I mean you're not talking about $100,000 we're losing out on a business by any means it's very minimal like how much are we. I don't know what 20. What was. Haley you want to address. I was going to say so we're not talking about waiving any kind of fees for putting in your you know sewer water. The review fees that our office charges to review the plans okay and we just feel the money is better spent in the business in their putting into investing into the business as opposed to paying our office for reviewing the plans because we're going to get in turn sales tax revenue which is greater than what those commercial permitting fees are. Yes and no not all of them are bringing in sales tax because we are having businesses that come in that don't necessarily have a great sales tax return right nursing homes assisted living. I mean they bring in something but not like a grocery store well for example so my I guess I guess my question is we're waiving this it is an administrative fee for you to review it. That is a salary that is a hourly whatever that's being paid that we're not covering so I'm just bringing that to the council for thought. We make our budget every year we're I mean we're obviously going to be we're under budget and quite a few different categories and whatnot so a lot of that money gets flooded through you know between five to 10 different categories and I think when we're looking at it from a standpoint you know we've been told countless times that young so it's hard to do business with it. I think what we're trying to achieve is we want to be easier to do business with one business to come in so start trying to nick on Dom business owner who's obviously probably take it on his life savings and greater to do business here the goal is that whatever a small amount of money that we can save you in the beginning the return on the investment you know for years to come is hopefully that you're bringing that money back into the community so I don't have a dollar amount. I'm sure we could get that but here yet however yeah we're talking about a few hundreds of maybe a thousand fees and whatnot in the grand scheme of things but not tens of thousands of dollars where we're losing out on on salaries that money is going to be fixed the budget that we're under budget and quite a few other lot of items. I guess again I know our budget is tight just a budget is I know that we have these concerns and and like how can we. The general fund is not the tightest budget we estimate a low percentage but lately we have been exceeding that so we're in a healthy position. I'll give you an example there's a business owner resident who has a property who was stressed out toward the end of the year and had a conversation with you about making sure everything was in because she wanted to make sure she was still in compliance for waving the fees. Well once you've started your plans you're under that umbrella so a little business owner like that worried about minimal fees and being established here and then now bringing in hopefully tax revenue or at least bringing people into a young's will to spend money at other businesses much like the complex does where we get tax it's worth it. It could be $1800 $2,000 I remember about four or five years ago that's what we were estimate at the time I don't think it's changed much so when you look at that and you have five or six businesses opening up on on shipment matter right now. $18,000 that's a small penny in the general fund bucket which is. It's a good investment for this city. I just want to make sure it's thought about. We don't currently have it on the financial separated commercial versus residential so I can't give you that number right now but I will tell you the ratio to houses versus commercial. There's a lot more houses residential so that number is not you know the tire for the residential. I think we were at 19 permitted commercial properties this year I mean so I mean we're not again like Matt said we're not talking astronomical dollars and the return on the investment behind the business opening far exceeds and so you know there's other incentives that communities do to help incentivize businesses that cost a lot more than I mean this is a very small potatoes compared to some of those so you know we're just trying to do that. We're just trying to do things to help encourage businesses to you know come here and I want this here I was just asking the court you know absolutely make sure we're thinking about it. Thank you. Any other comments or questions. I just had a comment. Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am. I was just wondering if I could have a look at the cashier or those fees about two thousand dollars in permitting fees because they still have to pay everything else. Up to yeah it might be up to right. So it's safe to say that with 19 commercials last year it was thirty eight thousand dollars at the max because some weren't that much. So it was the cost of the engineering team and parish inspections so it'd be you know for for a build out of a for a build out of a unit in a strip center it could be potentially several thousand dollars. And we always budget conservatively yeah and we our sales tax up more than what we budgeted for the year. So I don't know if that correlates with the fact that we we do have more businesses coming in and we relieve them of that possibly two thousand dollars in those permit fees. So it may correlate in my opinion that way. Fair point. You know all the way. All right any other comment or discussion relative to that agenda item. All right Ms. Gidrup is called to vote. Mr. Bojiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. All right thank you council will go to staff announcements with do Pam Susan and then Tim and they will come up come up top here. All right so for highway 89 we have we're getting ready. You probably saw a lot of line treatment lot of line there starting to treat the subgrade of the lane on the east side of the road for highway 89. So about 50% complete still waiting for a couple of utilities on the west side to move we have started clearing and grobbing on the west side of highway 89. A fortune road we're about 70% complete working on the curves for the curb and gutter before we do the concrete. Larivier road they are going to advertise starting next Wednesday I believe and they are going to take bids in February. We've already hired their construction services company which we're meeting with tomorrow. So I don't think they'd hire somebody they weren't planning on getting the project done so. The letting dates not I don't what is letting date. So we call that when you start advertising so deal to so when we advertise for bids deal to the start so they're but they're going to bid it their actual bid date is going to be February must be there like the bid opening. Yes okay. Yeah so their bid opening is going to be February 15th from what I understand. Okay start advertising January. So the reconstruction of South La Riviera from Shim and Metri Parkway to the flash in red light raised wide in six feet closed ditches. A curb and gutter bridge replacements bridge replacement near investment in a sidewalk on the east side so that's that's going to go from worst road to best road status. Yes per mile it is going to go to the most it's going to be for for DOTD is budget most per mile wait yes that you're correct. Highway 89 in Prescott is about 70% complete. We met Agriabb we're about 30% complete on the Shima Agriabb first phase design and then our biggest thing is we're working on your the raise grant that's due at the end of the month for the highway 92. Perfect. That's the that's the project that we had designed that we have designed on the shelf that we were rejected for the raise grant previously we're resubmitting for the same grant. That's the veterans round about and the approaches on both sides so any questions for Pam. All right thank you Pam Susan. From the wastewater treatment plant we're going to be meeting with Mayor and Terry and Alex in about a couple weeks to go over the reduced scope and and going to rebetting. We're finishing that up now for pump station for they have started putting in the wet well and they've ordered the equipment for that. That great of pump station three which is on Young Street that was awarded to Southern constructors they've ordered the equipment it should come in late February or early March so they'll start then the water plant. They are installing the chemical piping next week they're raising manholes along Iberia Street they've completed the water tie in on school street. They'll be working on the high service pump cans in mid January and the filter building construction to start at the end of January. For sugar melt pond we're still working on determining what servitudes are necessary so that's underway the water line interconnections that bit opening is on February 4th. Hopefully we'll get some good bids there and then pump station five which is on Young'sville highway across from new news we're looking at the options for evaluating that you know the extent what kind of flows we need to handle and all of that. Any questions for Susan and she did we did apply for another grant water sector grant we previously received five million for water five million for sewer we've applied for another five million on our other water system and that would be used if we're successful that's going to go towards the elevated tank on on property that we've acquired down south on Dayton Road to continue service in South of the southern part of the city limits. So all right thank you Susan appreciate it Tim. We're going to start the sports programs T ball baseball and softball registration is open will be closing on January 17th as far as registration. Sugar Beach adult volleyball spring league registration is open F and A football spring registration is open and Bitty basketball continues their practices in their games and all tennis programming is continuing. The play continues all our council and aging classes and free play and event coming at the end of this month will be the bullet softball multi growing rotational showcase tournament January 31st through February 1st and 2nd. This kicks off the first of about six collegiate tournaments that we do there would be eight NCA division two and 17 NCA junior college women's fast pitch softball teams and the teams will be from Alabama Arkansas South Dakota Mississippi Kansas Texas Illinois and Florida. Any questions for Tim. All right chief anything from you. Okay, I'll give you the stats for 2024 for calls of service young zool pd responded to 9,265 calls for service throughout just general number 127 assaults 39 burglaries 139 reports of theft and five motor vehicle burglars and the rest are still undefined. Thank you. Thank you and welcome. Thank you. Happy to have you here. Thank you. Looking sharp. Thank you. Anything else from our team Terry Catherine. All voices from Gotthold G wrong registration. to previous float riders. So that opened on Tuesday and we'll close next week on Wednesday. We will have a second round of registration that will open up to members of the Young Zill Chamber of Commerce for the few remaining spots that we have after we close that first round. I don't anticipate there will be a third round of registration. I believe we will cap out once we open that second round of registration. But I just wanted to let everybody know so far we're at about, I think it was 28 floats that have registered thus far for the parade. March 1st, 11 a.m., same round as last year. Thanks, Haley. That was a brave. Any announcements from the council? Let me know what I can do. Sorry. Any announcements from the council? You good? Yes, sir. Mr. Nylon. So just a few things. I don't know if anyone knew about the Healthy Kids Running Series that had its inaugural kickoff in Young'sville at Sugarmo Pond. But you can enroll your kids from two years old all the way up through high school. It's on Sundays at two o'clock. My little boy is going to be three in March, but he did it his first year and bringing out the kids out there is a really cool thing. It's a community involved. But they're going to be starting it up again in March. So it's going to be their second season. It's five weekends. It's on Sundays at two o'clock and the kids are able to get points throughout. So like you're two and three year olds, it's a 50 yard dash and then it goes to a 75 yard dash and they go all the way up to a two mile run for your older kids. And it's around the pond and everything. So it's pretty cool. So if you have any kids, grandkids or whatever and you want to get them involved in something healthy and fun to do, it's a great thing. And then Arbor Day for Louisiana, January 17th. So all your people would like to be outside, go plant something green. And then just from a... Yeah, yeah. And then just from a healthcare standpoint, we are seeing an increase in RSV and flu. So all of you with children, grandchildren, just make sure you're really focusing on on washing their hands when you're picking them up from daycare, when they're coming home from school, disinfecting surfaces. And we've had a lot of kids admitted to the NICU, pick you lightly with RSV. So just wanted to put that out there as well. Thank you, Mr. Nile and any other announcements from the council, any other business for the city council to save me? All right. Was there a motion to adjourn? Motion adjourn. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Second. Second by Ms. Champagne. All in favor. Meeting adjourned. Thank you all so much. Have a great evening.