 you you you you you you you you you you you your Okay approval of the March 2026 Finance report at gen item 4.1. Okay. All right motion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Barra's. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or discussion? Okay Ms. Gidry please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Shampai? Yes. Ms. Barra's. Yes. Motion approved. The gen item 5.1 is request for preliminary pletip approval, sugar melt pond phase 30, located section 7, T 11s, R 5 E with the evenings that the developer Mr. Jordan Dagle and his engineers, the triad tron and council in your packet there's a letter from Ms. Grande that us shall walk us through. All right. Thank you Mayor. Council. We recommend approval of this preliminary pletip with the following comments and all of the attached ADRC review comments. We recommend no waivers to the six pletip revisions that are included in the ADRC. We would need them to include the names and addresses of all adjacent property owners. We need them to correct the utility niche that's on lot 113. Identify the gas line easement with on the pletip provide addresses per the ADRC report and a note that sidewalks are required along all city streets. I'd also like to mention for the record and I will give this information to the developer. We received an additional comment on yesterday from LCG and it was a rod whimberly from boardwalk pipeline just saying that it said that there was no conflict but they do know they have a pipeline which of course we know that the developer knows it and that they just wanted to make sure that they knew that there were no structures or trees that would be permitted in their easement and that they need to be notified before any work is scheduled on or near their easement. I won't give them that information. I'll pass that along to them so I want to make sure. We recommend no additional waivers to the remaining 14 conditions except number six and seven. That's with regards to floodplain and stormwater management hours are more stringent so we always replace those with regards to plots. On item number 13 the minimum finished floor elevation of any structure is one foot above BFE or one and a half around the center line. There was that was based upon our last flood plain comment that we had so it doesn't matter if it's open ditch or if it's closed so we wanted to make sure that that was addressed as well and all of the other ones are our standard comments with regards to utilities and everything else that we put signage for all of our developments. So with that I'll entertain any questions that you might have. Council is open for any comment. Motion to approve. Motion by Councilman Shampine and second by Councilmember Boljano. Any comments from the audience? Any public comment? Okay. All right. Here in none we'll go ahead and call for the vote to approve the preliminary plot. Please misguidry. Mr. Romero. Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. Thanks. I failed to mention at the beginning of the meeting that agenda item 6.2 was being removed from the agenda but moving on to 6.1 bid review for the Youngsoil water plant filter addition. I'll ask Susan to come up and tell us about that project. So we opened bids last Wednesday. We received three bids. The low bid was 397,000 by NCMC. That's very close to the quote that we got before we decided to actually publicly bid it. So we recommend awarding. Okay. For the public's benefit. This is the addition. Mr. Gidry. Just like the addition of this filters going to enable the treatment of approximately an additional 25% so we can continue expanding our water treatment facility. We just opened it less than six months ago but we have planned to continuously make improvements and expansions up until earlier this week we still weren't running what I would describe at full capacity of the current plant. So we've just increased the service area further on the last couple of days and then this project would would last that I think it's a year roughly calendar time that we expect this project to take. So there's a lot more expansion going on than just the 25% indicated here. So any questions from the council or members of the public? All right. It's the pleasure of the council. All right. Emotion by council member Romero and a second by councilman Shampaan. I'll ask again if there's any comment. All right. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote to accept the low bid. Ms. Shampaan? Yes. Ms. Bares? Yes. Ms. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. Thanks Susan. All right. As I mentioned 6.2s removed from the agenda 6.3 is appointment of skyd close to the Youngsville Civil Service Board representing the police department board member. For a three year term you liked it by the Youngsville Police Department on February 20th, 2026. Is he here? Yes, sir. Please. Thank you. It's on to serve as civil service board member and be elected by my co-workers as well as my peers. Represent the Youngsville Police Department in the civil service board. Thank you for recognition Mr. Mayor and all members of the City Council. Well, thank you. Thank you for your service. It looks like we have a motion to approve by council member Romero and then a second by councilman Bares. Any council comment or discussion? Any comment or discussion from members of the public? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote to confirm the police department's appointment to the Youngsville Police Department Civil Service Board. Ms. Bares? Yes. Ms. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Romero? Yes. Ms. Shampaan? Yes. Motion approved. Thank you officer. Please. I appreciate you. I just want to say a couple words about Scott. Please. Scott has come to Youngsville Police Department. He's been here quite a few years. Comes here with 30 years experience from another agency. He's a great asset to the department. Very proactive. We appreciate you Scott. Thank you. Thank you. Resolution 7.1 Resolution 2026 13. A resolution authorizing and directing the Mayor to execute four and on behalf of the City of Youngsville for the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, and active substantial completion from Glen Lajje Construction LLC contractor, pertaining to the completion of a contract for the Fortune Road Extension in roundabout project. All right. Motion to approve by councilman Shampaan and a second by council member Bares. You have the punch list as part of your pilot was a late addition to your packet. They just finished that. Pam, you want to speak about it? I mean, or. We have just a few items that we want them. There's, you know, it's draining so well that we're having to go in and there's a couple of areas where we have some erosion, but we recognize that we probably want to add a little bit of stone for the driveway for maintenance for the detention, whether detention pannies and when then they're going to be taken dirt for the next phase. So we're adding that and we're adding some additional yield ahead signs. So we've got yield ahead yield flashing caution yield whatever and people still are not yielding. So we are adding a couple of additional yield signs on some of the areas because with with two lanes, we want to make sure that nobody can say they didn't see the other one because the car was blocking it. So anyway, those signs, I think we're going to be put in by tomorrow and then we'll be in a position to remove the cones and open up the roundabout for the weekend. All right. So we do have a little video we'll share with you mayor that one that is a stock video that you may want to share with people so that they understand how to enter in when they're coming from two lanes and and we would you know maybe regional can help us with his cute little tutorials he does but the upside down arrows that look like a yield signs where you're actually supposed to yield not in the middle of the roundabout. And I think that's the biggest thing they yield but people are yielding too late. So but we're excited about it. It was a mile it's a milestone and phase a highway 89 phase one's going to be right behind it we're not too far on that one as well. Great project thank you Pam. There was a motion in the second any public comment or question related to the acceptance of the fortune road roundabout in extension to Bruce R. Yeah please that's a I think it's a great milestone. Yes. All right. Let's see if there's no public comment misgidry please call it out. Mr. Pogiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. The gen item 7.2 is resolution 202614 a resolution of the city of Young'sville and support of the highway 89 pavement preservation project which we shimmy metery parkway to church street authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents and assume responsibility for local match funding. Okay the motion by mayor pro temp bulls jano second by councilwoman shampine. This is another project that we're coordinating through the Akadianna planning commission and what I've learned with those projects is you have to have patience but when you have patience it's great because 80% of the funding is through grants and our requirement is just a 20% share which is why we selected this portion this portion of highway 89 a guillot road is a city road so by the time we it's still in good condition today talking about our portion but by the time we get the grant mobilized and we select it a project that I believe is in good it should be an easy enough project for to facilitate you know all of the bureaucracy that comes along with with the grant so any questions any public comment all right no public comment misgirdery please call the vote Mr. Romero yes yes yes yes Mr. bulls jana yes motion approved. All right thank you council 8.1 ordinance 5.11 2026 in ordinance of the city of yung zool Louisiana many in the code of ordinances chapter 130 land use regulations to establish procedures for commercial development variances all right councilman shampine his emotion all right to approve in mayor pro temp bulls jano seconds any any commoner question from from the council yes miss shampine please so let's see hold on one second good idea these are some of the things that we had asked about the neighbors knowing what's going on so I think this is a good amendment yes ma'am yes no I agree with you I know councilman Romero has disgusted with us several times the purpose of this is just establish a more uniform a unified process when there's a a variance requested for a business next to a residential home the question has come up before has the has the has the neighboring properties been notified and now there has not been a requirement up until now in our ordinances that there has or that there is a requirement so this creates that framework to you know at least have an expectation that the requester initiates dialogue with the surrounding homeowners or property owners and then they can report to us about those conversations at the time of the request for the variance so it's we're basically putting more owners on the requester to do some of the groundwork so at least bring you more information about some of that neighborhood feedback it's really what you've been asking for when we had one recently you on charge street I know the questions were asked you know have you had conversations with the neighbors so this is built off of your feedback any public comment or question Mr. Gidry the ordinance is still working good sir all right if there's no public comment or question Mr. Gidry please call the vote yes yes Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Romero yes motion approved I bring that up for those of you that don't know Lynn Gidry in the audience is an architect and he helped us write this ordinance or he did write the ordinance years ago so it's still had a few modifications and tweaks but we're still building upon your works are all right two ordinances for introduction tonight 9.1 ordinance 5 12 2026 in ordinance of the city of young so Louisiana declaring an intent to acquire full ownership of a movable property designated at 504 avenue a councilmember Bolgiano motions councilmember Romero seconds any public comment or discussion yes so this is a a adjudicated piece of property where the property owner has disfailed to keep their taxes current and there's a there's a process it's a it's a piece of vacant property that's not kept up that the city does maintain so we're we're slowly going through those roles of property to take ownership and to sell the property to put it back into free market is that correct way that's correct yeah we actually have one that will bring another one that will be bringing you next meeting we just got the appraisal done on that property you previously authorized it so at the next meeting we'll be asking I think your permission to allow us to obtain bids for the property now that we know the appraisal value of it and we're going to repeat the same process here in time assuming you're approval tonight any public comment or question related to this all right mischiedry please call the road miss pares yes mr. Bolgiano yes yes yes yes yes listen through thank you mischiedry and we are fortunate we don't have a lot of pieces of property that fall into this category but ultimately they are burdens for the young soul taxpayer because Terry's team is maintaining them in a lot of cases filing leans on the property but you know it's time to get moving on them so all right 9.2 ordinance 5 13 20 26 ordinance of the city of young zulu is the end of many the code of ordinances chapter 12 nuisances as it relates to operations and fines for construction or repairs all right council member rameiro motions councilman bar as seconds open for council discussion all right let's see I'm clear in the board was there any discussion I didn't hear if there was no okay any public comment or question yes ma'am councilwoman shampai thank thank you mayor I know this has been a long time coming I just want to make sure that everyone in the audience as well as the people watching online they get the information of what the process is because I do know we don't have code doesn't enforcement doesn't work on the weekends yes ma'am so when we when someone wants to report this what are the steps they're going to have to do if it's a Sunday for example a Saturday or a Sunday or any other time yeah yeah fair fair question because it's for introduction we haven't evaluated it fully as an administration for that so I guess that's going to be the benefit of you know dependent upon the judgment of the council tonight about how it how it will move forward but I don't have a I don't have a specific plan on how I can assure you that at this time okay miss dindy did you want to say something okay thank you um originally when I brought it up to um several council members the suggestion was to contain it to a six day work week um I got some feedback on the fact that you know we're how are we to stop people from earning a living if that's what they do working on certain days um the fact of the matter is builders have six days a week plans are built out in advance um timelines are made um I don't think it's a lot to ask that the residential construction um especially in tight communities that we are and we are building quickly this is not just something for a specific area of our city we are building quickly and the neighborhoods are getting closer to each other etc and more and more of our residents are working from home so now you're listening to it seven days so and if you ever live next to a house as being built it's extremely stressful um and you know it it would be nice to have one day a week in which you could enjoy and spend time with your family or take a nap or goodness sake um it doesn't happen so I know I read um the changes in the packet uh and originally I think uh you know I was hoping that at least some control on um a Sunday would be in there um again whether you want to look at it as mental health right so you're not listening to clenching seven days a week or religiously um or even just family time having some quiet on one specific day I don't think it's a lot to ask um but there is a I don't want to say a lot of research I've done some research there are other communities are sized throughout the country that do have restrictions on Saturdays to finish even earlier and no work on Sundays so keep that in mind I know this is just an introduction um but I would like to have the council at least consider adding a restriction on Sundays with the intention B to limit uh looks like it's largely intended for outdoor type work correct um so the average I want to say deathmills I looked it up it's like 80 on outside construction of a home I mean that's live in my opinion um so yes mainly outdoor construction and obviously like the amendment already has in it um I think which is if there's an emergency right to hurricanes coming etc I mean obviously nobody wants someone's home to be damaged because they're not able to work on a Sunday absolutely that is not the intent but the intent is builders have six days one day off would be nice yes yes what are the some of them I'm sorry I'm out of the uh I got a mystery question in its entirety the um you were asking how are we going to enforce yeah we oh I'm sorry we code enforcement doesn't work on the weekends so I was just wondering what is the plan so our residents know if someone is by infilating who do they call do they call the police to be 911 because they don't get the police departments there either do they call 911 and then they send out a uh a police officer to shut it down warn them you know those types of things I think we need to let our residents know what they have to do yeah I think at that point if they're trying to call 911 the calls of service are going to get out of hand you're gonna we're trying to increase patrol and that seems like a wasted call to the police department um I mean I don't want to take drastic measures where we just start botching it from day one uh if it you know I would like to see it with what's put in what we've changed and put in place and if it doesn't work after that then we we address the schedule but I mean they're going to be natural rain delays and we're going to see things things are going to happen you know and the the the construction side of it I mean most framers don't always work on weekends it's something like a weekday thing to begin with the weekends are normally your paint guys or the rapid up at different jobs so um I don't I wouldn't want to see us change it from seven to six currently I want to see us try to enforce this but more or less try to figure out how we're going to enforce this whether that's a resident senate pictures and we address it on Monday morning um I mean that those are those are some simple suggestions I don't what we have is uh we have a call person uh that they can call the public works number we also have a reporter problem that has um nuisance uh code enforcement on there it actually sends an email depending on their alert we all get it and uh so we can address it as far as for the enforcement of it um I guess it depends on what's going on you know if we we get we get requests for cement sometimes in the middle of the morning based on the weather that type of deals you know to to delay any construction uh at any given time uh depending on the situation it's like anything else you know if they're building my house I want them working seven days a week um I understand that issues uh but they can't address and give us a call we can we can go I'll call guy and go out there to call PD I guess it would have to be uh I mean something severe I would think to uh we'll have you like for me like 10 p.m. right something something where I because I ordinance basically um seven o'clock you know six or seven seven or whatever that says sunset each which is very 87 so eight seven is basically you know doesn't it or dust no it's a ton it's a 10 p.m. but now it's gonna be a p.m. I thought it was I thought it was I just I understand I just built a house I get that my time frame didn't change because the guys didn't work on sender the time frame is the time frame most builders add days in for weather those type of things not to mention I would think that the realtors that are showing houses on Sundays how much noise do you want while you're showing people around through the home I there's I in my mind there's an economical reason as far as real estate market I think there is a reason for family religious time I just ask that you consider you can I ask you a question Jennifer um I know you do a lot of research did you look into the two HOAs because HOAs can actually be more restrictive than less restrictive than a city okay so you need more restrictive so do you think the HOA covenants could address it I mean you and I were both on HOA I think there's a lot there's several that I looked at and I believe I looked at three there in young spill and most of them mirror what the city has I know that sugar melthands is a mirror of what the city has when we had a different person who was pretty much running it he enforced and had the builders sign off that you don't work on but it actually was not a rule it was it wasn't in our HOA covenant it was just something that mr. Boie decided to enforce and I'm just wondering if maybe if you talk to Jordan that he wouldn't do it and maybe the other neighborhoods I a lot of them will go down but some of the other little goods that are just starting we have a lot of new neighborhoods coming in well you know and that's what I knew when I bought my law and I knew when I was the first house on the street to build oh my gosh I knew there was going to be construction everywhere there is dust everywhere um I knew this I mean but I also assumed like my builder was courteous on Sundays not so much everybody is not as courteous so and this isn't just about sugarmapond or where I live we are growing fast and the houses are getting closer in some areas it's just I think it I think it deserves debate I think council member uh ramara yeah I was the one who is introducing this ordinance I didn't meet with Jennifer um I met with the mayor uh we reviewed some other things with Nicole uh I think the biggest takeaway from this is we're adding major holidays we're at increasing the fineage and we're also limiting the time frame of how far out late they can go in the day um which has been 10 and it's in person until we have a lot of people asking for a Sunday I'm an ingranceman with councilman bullion like we really don't need to rip the bandaid off we just need to kind of you know reapply a little bit and maneuver it to where you know would it be would it be unreasonable then to change the Sunday hours the other ones are what uh seven to eight is what the adjustment is I think it could be something we could consider when we uh I mean would it even be adopted to adjust maybe a Sunday hours so that it's a smaller window yeah my only thought behind the junipers that like just for instance let's say if we were five day work week and it storms four to five days or holiday they worked Monday okay right so the uh uh the the herm asking around just basic research what I'm seeing is that you have 40% of people who complain because it's too much noise 40% of people complain because they move into a neighborhood a construction is going on for years and then 20% don't care so they're just unbiased and it so looking at this I just I would rather I would rather just see this at make a solid attempt to enforce this to the best of our abilities versus we start pulling off days and then then you come back a year from now back I have construction in my home it's been going on for years it's never ending because we're we're gonna keep limiting the the days that they're allowed to do work that's not only fear I I'm not saying that that's a no I just think we need to attempt to instead of just rip the bandaid often and tweak and address it we just start with sort of tweak and it to fit the contour what we're doing today but I also think that the exterior building of a home is a fine like it's not the whole build right no for sure right so you know again one day if not maybe limit hours again I just think it's worth research and not just immediately shutting it down yeah no fair enough absolutely all right thank you thank you miss dandy is there any other comment from members of the public or from the council okay mischiedry please call the vote to introduce miss Vara's yes Mr. Volgiano yes yes yes motion approved all right let's see Susan you want to come up and and then we'll just go to Pam and then if anyone on the anyone on the administration has any updates so the always water plant they've they've they've poured the bottom slab and the first level of walls for the headworks they're backfilling the SBR area then they'll start pouring the bottom of that and next month's work will include more forming and pouring of concrete and beginning the plant piping work the water plant y'all heard about tonight sugarmau pond pump station upgrade and pump station five we're finishing those plants and awaiting funding for pump stations eight and 17 we are finishing the electrical and controls and then we can go out to bed and pump station one we're just waiting on the impellers to be delivered which should happen in June and then Jeremiah will change those out so that's it water plant um uh punch list I guess we're because that's we did it we did it perfect any questions for Susan there any of our water waste water projects all right thank you Susan all right Pam okay on phase one B of highway 89 um we're one A let's go to one A so one A is about 90% complete we just have a couple of little items and we have we're going to do our concrete island in the middle north of fortune road where you see the grass median right now but we are uh going to be we're working with energy to get some street lighting placed in so we can't put the concrete island until then so um they owe us some information so that we we've already set where we want the lights we're just waiting on them to give us some information on the conduit side and then we can get the contractor to move forward put the conduit and start um putting the concrete for that island on phase one B we were waiting on Cox to move a line they didn't recognize that they had then moved in the wrong spot and they're relocating it again I think uh we met with them tonight people in that area so if you lose Cox communication tonight it's because they are splicing and moving the resident so they're moving everybody they did they're almost done so they're splicing um and doing some moving right now tonight they're going to be doing that tonight so we anticipate next week they will be back working on phase one B to fit the glen les j guys will be able to start working on that um to finish that part on phase two um we've already put together our 60% set of plans our cost estimates everything we're waiting on the glen les j cost estimate that's all part of the C-MAR project uh and their process so that we can submit that to the state to start moving forward for our contract for phase two so that as soon as they're done with one B they'll roll right into phase two which is from south of sable palms to approximately Keller's Griffin Road area so that'll be our phase two um larryvier road is about 60% complete they're working on the drainage on the west side they were scheduled originally to replace the box culverts or the bridge has been removed but every time they have it scheduled to be able to replace the box culverts we end up with rain so you know just so people know we got 14 inches of rain in less than two weeks so it's been kind of hard for you it's hard to do drainage and bridge replacements with that much water um the turn lanes along highway 92 I'm sure you've all seen that um they are going to complete the last portion south of park bonnet of widening and then they're going to move forward to starting um to finish some additional drainage stuff that was requested north of or in the manulta area and north of samelays then they're going to do the milling when they go to do milling of all of the roadway where the widening is they're going to do that in the evenings because due to traffic being as much as it is they're going to do that in the evenings that is going to start after memorial day so next week they'll be doing a bunch of stuff to prepare to do um the milling and then hopefully the weather cooperating we will be uh doing the overlay the first week of June and then after that we'll do dress up in um a couple other things so that project's moving right along the left turn lane on school street we need to um sit down with the mayor we have all that we were still working with some of the utility companies to get their clearance before we actually get the quotes to be able to do the left turn lane on 92 on to school street shimett agriab they will start that project on monday they were out there putting uh signs today so i think today and tomorrow they're going to get the signs ready and bag them and then start on monday morning again i think it's supposed to be good weather um the striping project um i gotta that is something with all these other construction projects we just haven't advertised it um but that when um i want the mayor to have one final look at it and then we'll start advertising that in the few weeks um and that is for those it's miscellaneous striping throughout the city areas that we know but it is to get a contractor that can actually do multiple years uh miscellaneous striping for you on an as needed basis but we do have the initial first year we have what we need them to do yeah the primary primary part of that is a miscellaneous matter of phase two so which is guillot to vla if you've been on that road recently it's uh it's the the striping is definitely a need of being done and refining the bike lanes and stuff so and then um we submitted some projects so the it's time for the annual hazard mitigation plan and um and we had some other things to do for your ms4 but the importance of the hazard mitigation plan was to get make sure we had a bunch of projects in there because should there ever be funding available and the projects identified you're in a great position to be able to request it um based on our last plan we had a lot of great projects not just for not just drainage projects but we also had some um potable water projects in there and some other things with regards to generators things like that so there are some funding that is that is some national funding um that we got some information on from play higgins office so we are looking at the any grants that are applicable to anything we may have had in our hazard mitigation plan we've mentioned a few to the mayor to try to see if we can go after some of that funding for some of the projects that you've identified so there's always post disaster funding which is what pay for your detention ponds but they also have what's called pre disaster funding so if you've already known that it's something that you would like to mitigate to where if there was you know if there's a freeze and you want to mitigate any circumstances you can go after for a project and so I mentioned to the mayor I pulled out some of the stuff we did in 2021 which is still the applicable plan so we have the ability to go after some funding if we'd like and then uh uh that anslum regional pond oh yeah anslum regional pond that um we now have we can they can the mayor has on his desk it's a no finding of significant impact our finding of no significant impact which we call a fauncy so the environmental is done and so now funds can be released for you to start the land acquisition process so um once the mayor signs it in the in the state approves then we can start doing our praises on the land um the plans or um 90 we say 90 percent because until you have the land and everything we don't say they're final but um you're basically in the land acquisition phase and then it wouldn't be long you've already gotten all your permits and everything so as long as all of the landowners are good with appraisals and want to sell I mean you should be constructing by this time next year if not seeing that wonderful any questions for Pam or any of the just general infrastructure construction projects that we have going on anywhere in the city we do have uh we are working on our budget our new fiscal year starts July 1st so if any of the council members or members of the public have projects that you'd like us to consider for infrastructure um please let me know and we'll try our best to incorporate them or at least you know have them on a you know list for consideration I mean of course we do have some projects uh to speak of largely you're you're hearing about them all the main event is going to be continuing youngs will highway down to Griffin um Terry and I have been looking at that that area between like new news and Griffin they've been we've been having the patch it and do a lot of maintenance on there so at some point I don't know the possibility of the capability but since that's still probably out there millenarily we provided that it's not going to go to if we can build off of it somehow you know um to not like wasted but maybe something then like an interim condition possibility we're also looking at incorporating parts of um the design if you will that we did at the veterans roundabout in that area at Jim and Metery in adding lanes where we can so have options like that on the table um using grant funding so any any questions or comments yeah Lindy yes sir uh a couple questions now how many how many feet apart are we planning to put the lights on the media you know or how many we plan on putting there's 14 to 14 or 15 yeah from start from start to finish roundabout to uh I guess that is from well past the roundabout right great that's in the grass area so there's about 15 we have some that we're also going to be putting on fourth the fortune side I think there was I want to say eight or nine on the fortunes on fortune but we don't have any currently planned for the roundabout itself because I know we haven't decided you are the city hasn't decided what you want to do inside the roundabout the conduits are laid in order for you to be able to do electrical and also for and water's already there so it's just a matter of what you guys want to do in that center to figure out how that would be live okay um and then uh the south rivier that was uh what was that estimated completion on that date that was later this year was that spring of next for a laruvier it is in the September timeframe uh weather permitting okay yeah we expect the road to be in much better shape for school opening um but it will not be fully complete okay awesome uh I think that was uh I think that was it two two things I just want to share related to these projects one pan I have a video I want to show you um I've gotten in the habit just a personal thing I do I've accumulated so many pictures of my phone and I type in the date you know like May 1st and it gives you the history of May 1st you know so I have 15 years of what I've taken pictures of it's giving me a good opportunity to delete things that I no longer need because I've taken a lot of you know pictures that are just not point that are pointless but uh I think it was April 30th when I typed in that date recently we were at plant Simone was with me and uh Pam we were at a plan Lafayette meeting and I was on a panel and I don't know exactly what the question was but my answer was uh it was a clarifying to say in addition to what we already have planned and then I said uh well my hairy audacious goal would be to we've got to figure out a way to completely redo and transform young so highway from being this two lane broke down road that we don't own to really get move traffic moving in and out um so now it was just kind of a reflective moment to realize that you know just a few year what looking government it seems like it's forever in progress I don't know but it was kind of a cool you know reflection uh to see where we are about to kick off face to if you will and then uh the second point I wanted to make after all the rain recently there was because south of the Riviera still in an interim condition the drainage is completed on one side of the road not so much on the other side uh so the one of the residents who hadn't had the drainage you know um still has the open ditch and so forth uh had a drainage concern so leaving here one night I went out to to visit with that resident to see how we could help but while I was out on the street uh it's kind of quiet out there now because there's no traffic uh a resident from the if you will completed side came out uh to me and I introduced myself and she says of course I know who you are she's just I just wanted to tell you she said when the coolie behind me which is the less I don't know if I told you this the lessau coolie behind me when it's I can watch it from my window when it gets to the level it's at right now I already know the front yard is completely underwater and uh you know I know what to expect I've lived here long enough and then she said and look at it now and of course I took a couple pictures so I can go back and you know look at next year but uh but her front yard just had a couple areas that I would describe as ponding if you will maybe and it was just in sheet the resident even acknowledged because that it's due to grading you know because of the the grading of the work wasn't done but anyway um these projects take a long time but it's it's really uh kind of cool to see them come together so it make a difference in people that have lived there for a long time and people that have just moved here that are counting on that artery to uh get them to school safely you know and they don't care what used to happen there to be a lot of things in the past but it's very rare to relive it now now there's soon to be 2000 kids you know at the school down the street so uh anyway that that's all I have any council announcements this evening uh yeah I wanted to thank uh all of our civic organizations local organizations in schools for the uh litter pickup day uh which is a profession to always see our community come out to uh keep our our beautiful city clean as we do uh in addition to what is on a daily basis so just thank you all for coming thank you Lindy Matt yeah um I wanted to agree with you uh the natural day of prayer was phenomenal that group coming together every year for several years now what it's grown to is just it's probably one of the best hours of the month every time we have it's appreciate that and happy belated mother's day to all of you ladies uh you know hopefully you'll enjoy it and have a good memorial day for everybody thanks man tonight is also uh ascension highs graduation uh so um fortunately you know we're wasn't able to attend but uh just so much tragedy you know that uh some short tonight's um probably tough you know celebratory but uh but also probably still tough so thinking about everyone at ascension tonight and congratulations to all the graduates so another another school year wrapped up so hailey okay well in Tim's absence um I want to go ahead and point out a couple things that are going on uh at the sports complex um so right now uh adult volleyball registration for sugar beach uh is going on till May 24th uh so if you have any um interest in playing beach volleyball please go on uh young sports complex website to register for volleyball also I want to go ahead and uh make sure everyone remembers that on July 3rd which this year is a Friday we have our red white and boom celebration um and do you want to go ahead okay so this year uh we will be welcoming mark brusar to the stage for our red white and boom celebration so uh plans to come out with your families and uh friends and have a good night celebrating our our independence it's America 250 so um it's a it's a great year to celebrate and of course we'll have our wonderful fireworks display at 9 p.m. uh I also want to talk about a couple chamber events on May 30th we have our guns and hoses tournament that's hosted by leadership young zill in the chamber um so our main event of the night is the beach volleyball game between our pd and fire department um which is always fun to watch however if anyone is interested in registering a team um please go uh on on to the sports complex website or call over to the sports complex we are looking for teams also we are looking for uh sponsors so if anyone is interested in sponsoring sponsorships for guns and hoses closest tomorrow um but please reach out to jamey at the chamber uh for sponsorships um on that note also save the date for july 18th we will be having dancing with the stars happening again here in young zill uh dancers will be announced in the next couple of weeks we've got an exciting lineup of dancers um so save the date uh tickets will go on cell soon for that uh also we are looking for sponsors so once again if anyone is interested in sponsoring dancing with the stars uh please reach out to jamey at the chamber that's all i got all right thank you any other announcements any questions not a lot of people here so all right no quick let the record reflect there's no questions all right is there a motion to adjourn motion adjourn all right motion by mr. remarros second by mr. boljano all in favor hi hi median and charn have a great evening thank you so much