 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you or everything you did in 2025. God, it was a great year, but Lord, we're believing that 2026 is gonna be greater. God, I pray, Lord, for every city official, I pray, God, for our law enforcement, I pray, God, for our firefighters, I pray for the residents of this city. God, every decision that we make, God, and it be with you at the forefront, God. We just give you all the glory and the honor, and we thank you for all that you're gonna do in this city and these surrounding areas. In Jesus' name, we pray. Amen. Amen. I pledge that you are to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Mr. Gidry, please call the roll. This far is Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Mr. Nylon. Here. Michelle Pine. Here. Right, a gen item 3.1, Chief Bruce Hard, would like to introduce a couple of his new officers this evening, Chief, the floor is yours, sir. Thanks, sir. I'd like to just introduce a couple of the new officers that just got hired on with the police department. Officer Jacob Abrams, he's gonna be going to the academy. How you doing? Officer Jalen Joseph, comes to us from probation and parole. And Mark. Right, sorry, I was drawn a blank. Mark Wright comes to us from Abbeyville Police Department. We want to introduce him to everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Gentlemen, yes, ma'am, Ms. Champagne. Yes. Police Department, are they gonna be patrol officers or? Yes, ma'am, they will be going to patrol. Thank you. Welcome. Welcome. Welcome, ma'am. Welcome, ma'am. We look forward to having you as part of the team. Thank you for your service. A gen item 4.1 approval of the December 11th, 2025, meeting minutes. It's a motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Ms. Barres. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment? Okay, Ms. Kidru, there's no public comment. Please call the roll. Ms. Barres? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Amaro? Mr. Nailin? Yes. Mr. Stang? Ms. Champagne? Yes. Motion approved. 5.1 approval of the November 2025 finance report. It's a motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Ms. Barres. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Ms. Kidru, please call the roll. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Amaro? Yes. Mr. Amaro? Ms. Barres? Yes. Motion approved. Right, agenda six, item 6.1. I don't see Mr. Landrino here. Yes, ma'am. People in the front are the ones that are doing a tray of their rent. Oh, okay. Well, wonderful. Welcome. All right. There's a variance request to allow a 13.5, 13.5 foot reduction to the front and rear setbacks for a mobile home located at 156 for a million circle. All right. Motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Councilmember Romero. Is there any council comment or any discussion? Any public comment or anyone wishing to address the council relative to this agenda item? I have some questions, ma'am. After you. And they'll be able to. I'm sorry. I didn't see Mr. Micah here tonight. I had some questions for them. One of them was it's 153, uh, per million circle. However, they are like two or three lots. I think that they have rented. So y'all, the trail is going to take up all, all two of those lots. Can you come up, please and give us your name if you don't mind. Hello, uh, to Cylil break up. I don't know what I see. Like I said, I wish I would have got into this before we, you know, we bought a trailer. It's brand new. Whatever. We came here to be by my mother-in-law. She's getting older so we want to take care of her. Now, it looks like there's been a trailer there before. So I thought it looked like there was plenty of room there. You know, I'm sorry. It's like it looks like two. Two, three lots. So from what I see, like I said, this is all new to me. I wish I would like to be talking. I wish I had a came and found out what I needed to find out before I got into all this. But yeah, it looks comfortable to me. There's this plenty of room on the side. And behind it is a fence and there's woods in behind it. There is fencing around around a lot. So and what we rent is it's actually they said it's 156. We're going by the address of 156. Then there's I think 154 and then 153 or whatever. So it's, it's a pretty big lot. Mischampagne the, the assessor side listed as lots 24 and 25. So when you look back at the, at the original plot, it was two lots. But they at some point they were combined. So the, it's 100 feet on all four sides. And Mike is not here because I would have asked Mike how did he measure off the. The 30 feet or to see how far it was because I do believe. Is there a Corvout on one side? A stub out? There's a trailer with a stub out. So I wondered if he could, if he considered the stub out as well as the property. Is there a stub out, there's a stub out. I'm sorry, you see that's the one. I think, I think, I think to the property. I see it. I don't know what a stub out is. Yeah, it's a Corvout to be able to get to the another section if ever is developed to the back of y'all. Now, I guess my questions to the mayor is, did the city ever abandon that stub out? Because I remember years ago, there was some conversation. I think the trailer had put a shed or something on a stub out in there. Do you remember that? Don't leave. No, I don't. What I don't leave stub out. That comes to mind. It was on. I believe it was Atlas Road. There was a, there was a stub out there at one point that was abandoned that there was a small home that was, and that it being constructed. But it, it's the same thing happened here. I don't know. I'm looking at it. I'm looking at the areas. I'm not positive. Yeah. Because the road going in, where I say going in on that's on when you go on in the road on the left hand side. I don't know with the name of that radius. It goes all the way to the back and you can tell there's a stub out. Orch was a stub out. And there's a trailer there. And I think I remember they had put a building, those property owners had put a building on it. But it was a stub out. So I wondered if we ever abandoned the stub out. Correct. Yeah. So all the ones are. Yeah. Yeah. There's two. There's the adjacent property owner, 162 Haley's corrected. And it does, it does a, but, um, 156, which is this, which is this property. So to answer your question, I don't know what was there previously, but it, but both property owners. There's two property owners that share a common line there. So there's not a, there's not a stub out that would be able to make through that property unless we would acquire the property back through. And I guess that was my question to Michael when he, when he measured it to come up with this 16 foot. Uh, variance or 13 foot variance. Where did he measure it from? Did he measure the stub out because the ordinance says from one trailer to the next, right? The, or the property line, the property line. The, the, the, the artist, basically. Yeah. So the measurements had to have came from the fence in motion. Yeah. So there's a chain. So if you look at that's what you told him about as a stub out. And then when you come here, that's the, the property. So there is a chain. And then you'd have to it one, two, two lots. So you're taking up both lots. Okay. I think there's all that. Okay. I think I wanted to make a comment. The question. The reason that it's, it's come for variances because there's two provisions in, in this particular ordinance. One is within a mobile home park, you have to be 30 feet from the adjacent mobile home. In the permitting office has consistently, there hasn't been a lot of activity in this development. But the permit office has considered this development to be a subdivision. We permit office has not considered this to be a mobile home park. So because the permitting office has not considered this development to subdivision via mobile home park. There is a second provision within the ordinance that says outside of a mobile home park, you can have a mobile home provided that there's an enhanced setback of 30 feet in all four directions. This, this calculation may have been a function of the permitting office by simply taking the, the 14 foot by 66 foot, mobile home off of the, off of the data plate and just superimposing it on the, the, the, the plat that matches the tax assessor site. And that's where on two of the four sides, there's not a 30 foot enhanced setback. So that's, that's the nature of the, the variance request. Mr. Landrenow is the, is represents the company that sold the mobile home. And he, he was here last meeting to represent the owners who were not here. I guess I did have another question behind it is Woods. Behind those woods is what is there in case anyone ever comes in bills there. Is that copper meadows or copyfield is it but sub to copper meadows or copper field? The copper, the copper. Sadowback. Sadowback. It's nothing. Nothing. No, no, that's a behind Puson's property. No, it's, it's the form line that's set up like a lot of the horse tables. And then once again, throw there. Yeah. Oh, yeah. As a track. That's why you keep the thoroughbreds. It was, yeah, at one point in time, the other guy who wants to lease his rely on that. Okay, thank you. Thank you, man. Mr. Ameri. I apologize. Your last name again, sir. Rivera. Rivera. Uh, you, I want to just read right brand new mobile home coming in. Yes, sir. It was passable arrow carrying on this line just to keep it down. And it was required four. Or five on this line. So, that's 20 projects. So not anything. Producer beams established there. That's why it works. Once back to California.ivo. Not agencyww. And its there. Thirty one. I was going to start leaving it up home. Mildred calling from Wellington. You were mayor of Carolina. Yes, sir. Second Bug house. The end of year in MUSC said okay, so you know, this this segments length down having you make this exactly right there. On his delivery, and for sure we have that in September and to that said. We ran into the articles of the neighborhood because that that landowner found out about after she was buying it But again, there's no homes in Vermillion Circle. It's all mobile homes and I yeah I like the idea that we have new mobile home coming in there I mean, I wish we had that everywhere. Yeah, especially when we're decreasing the amount and Beautify in a certain area I'm like I said, I mean building that we would do is just to let you say beautify the area Turning up the yard and do things like that. Anything else that we may do in the future Believe me. I will be here to find out what I mean a lot of projects. Yeah, I love the area I mean, we're moving from see my wife is I'm all the noise daughter and we're moving back in to take care of her I'm becoming from North Carolina now Okay, and is she in Vermillion Circle as well? Our scenario she lives in Broussard. Oh, okay. Yeah, great. Great. Well, appreciate. Thank you Yeah, the subdivision covenants Made There's two lots in the subdivision coven covenants that are or on bone and road that specified that they were to be Should or not be something relative to commercial or not so that that was the reference. It's the same It's the same covenants that we're using to To see here All right, is there any anyone else which didn't address the council? All right, there's a motion and then there was a second. So mischiedry. Please call the vote Mr. Romero. Yes, mr. Nylon. Yes, Michelle pine. No, Miss forest. Yes, mr. Volgiano. Yes, motion approved. All right Okay, you said we'll work we'll work with you tomorrow. It should that hermit so all right. Thank you Thank you, sir welcome to young'sville Yes, ma'am Yes, ma'am A genitim 7.1 resolution 2026 0.1 a resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute four on behalf of the city of young'sville Of the parish of Lafayette Louisiana and active substantial completion from NCMC LLC contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for young's old water treatment plant Motion by mr. Volgiano second by mr. Romero Is there any council comment or discussion Um Susan anything you want the I mean they think the report's pretty self explanatory about the punch list items They are continuing to work on the punch list items and this is just simply starting the process to close out the project So as the punch list is completed we can release the retainage that's associated with the project So all right. Well, if there's no if there's no specific question now What is safe Susan's comments for her report? Is there any public comment relative to the active acceptance? Okay, Miss. Gidry please call the vote. There's no public comment mr. Nyland Yes, the champagne yes, as far as yes, mr. Volgiano. Yes, mr. Romero. Yes motion approved Okay, ordinances for public hearing and final adoption the genitum 8.1 is ordinance 508 2025 In ordinance of the city of young zoe Louisiana amending the code of ordinances chapter 14 offenses article One in general and chapter 22 traffic and vehicles article one in general There was a motion by mr. Volgiano second by mr. Romero Is there any council comment or question Council there's a memo at your seats requesting that you amended To include some language just to clarify ensure clarity on the subject matter. It's in red Basically, I just would like for you to add at the end of the title of the ordinance as it relates to An amendment of the provisions of mayor's court operations Um Wait, okay, sorry I'm making an amended motion to adopt ordinance number 508 In ordinance of the city of young zoe Louisiana amending the code of ordinances chapter 14 offenses article one In general and chapter 22 traffic and vehicles article one in general as it relates to a amendment of the provisions of mayor's court operations I'll second the amendment Okay, so I guess just for for clarity are since it's the same Two people doing the motion in a second. I mean you're abandoning the first one Third okay, so we don't need to take any action on the first if they were drawn their motion in the second and Let's see mission pine. Let me get your microphone. So I know you have a question, man Just one second, please. Okay. All right. Thank you mayor and just for clarification This is not increasing fees of any any type. It's just coming in line with the with the mostly the state law Yes, ma'am there's no there's no change to City finds relative to traffic violations The changes here relative to fines are Specific to the fees that are associated that are mandated by state law There's there's a myriad of fees that are associated with largely traffic citations that the mayor's court handle Written from everything from a chief of police fund association excuse me to I don't know a myriad of a myriad of things. I think you better outline as part of the ordinance that you can see scratched out What's happened is sometimes there's been changes made to those particular fees and as they've been increased our ordinance that no longer mirrors them So what this ordinance does is it removes That fee schedule is part of the ordinance however the mayor's court will still maintain a list of those fees That can be available upon upon request But yes to your answer. Yes, ma'am. Is there any other council comment or question? Okay any public comment relative to the adoption of the ordinance All right, miss Giger, please call the vote Miss Champagne yes Yes, Mr. Volgiano yes, Mr. Romero yes, Mr. Nguyen yes motion approved all right. Thank you council Let's see Pam and then we'll go to Susan if you don't mind on for for announcements I own okay. Yes, ma'am all right, so we'll start with highway 89 we're 80% complete with phase 1A Um our focus right now is we're pouring on fortune road to get that West Farm of fortune road poured and cured so that that'll be We can open that and then finish the rest of highway 89 So um we poured one lane yesterday and would have been pouring some more tomorrow But the rain is gonna cancel that's our next concrete portal be Monday Uh, Lurievee road making great progress The bridge is going to be put in the neck within the next 30 days. They'll be working on the bridge But we will give um Notice when we know the exact time of when that bridge is going the bridges are gonna start being replaced on Lurievee road Anselam Cooley we finally got our core permits So now we're waiting on the acceptance of our environmental so we can move to the property appraisal acquisition phase for the regional detention pond The reminder plans have been approved drainage studies been approved And once environmental is improved with the permit We acquired the property we'd be able to go out for bids for construction Um shaman agriab we had our precon on Tuesday that one will start somewhere at the end of February of begining a March waiting for Cain season um to be behind us and Highway 92 turn lanes. We also had that precon. We're that's one it's gonna have a notice to proceed January 20th So they'll start working on the highway 92 turn lanes prior to starting shaman agriab Highway 92 press got roundabout We were successful in meeting with dottd to be able to use some funding that we have Had with the MPO some grant funding To be used on bona road and so we are working on the scope change to make it the roundabout in some turn lanes on bona and iberia street So once they Approve our scope change our plans of in our drainage study and specs will be ready for them to do their first review So that's we have a draft of all of that to be presented to them So hopefully I think it's gonna take them longer to maybe do their paperwork But we're hoping they said they were gonna start expediting these local projects So that's you have any questions on any other You mentioned churning lane a bona and an iberia Bona and impalfry so the cute Well, well it turns to iberia We also have the iberia to heart what is it the harbor? Yes, harbor harbor side our Harvest side. Yes, so we'll have a turn lane the harbor side and then the harbor a turn lane to paul free And then we also have a turn lane that will eventually go into park bona Great as that project moves further ahead just for the council and the public's knowledge not did not We're not making any decisions on it today But once we do have a churning lane at at pelfry off of bona and once we have Or once that constructions underway We do intend to look at restricting the feasibility of restricting churning movements at At prescott and bona until the roundabouts constructed So in essence what that would look like potentially and again, we're not we're not we mean we'll bring this Back for other discussion But if we have a left churn lane into paul free As an interim solution Until we get to the roundabout construction would be potentially a right in right out at bona and and paul free If you are on iberia street And prescott yes I didn't want to actually go to paul to get a little excited So because what the goal of the projects on highway 92 that we had the pre-construction meeting for And that we're going to be kicking off with the notice to proceed next week or within the next two weeks is to Make churning movements easier We've all been behind vehicles that are trying to take left churns and the goal of these projects We intend to do quite a few of them down 92 from here all the way to vera To increase churning movements It's often that you know when one person taken a left at school street one person taken a left at Intimetry center near gauvin McDonald's Some wanted someone from iberia trying to churn our beria bona and trying to take a trying to jump into Prescott So that's that's the intention of these series of projects that we have Intended for 2026 so yes, sir Pam Lots of compliments on how they've done with the roundabout and that whole construction and Flow and all that but getting a lot of questions on next steps. What does it look like when it's all done? Can you provide us like a diagram overlay like we understand it's not final but it well the design is fine Yeah, because get a lot of questions people want to know. Hey, where's what's going to happen in my area and stuff like that? Absolutely, I can't remember Christmas We're gonna be able to Great job, then. Yeah, and we are we are working to with with energy About our lighting plan far around that intersection and then also down on the new the new sections of highway of young so highway as well so Used to both John yeah, Pam so I know the dsd had to do the turning lane for long-line registrates all of guillot Dio to the mandated the development All right, so when we do shim and I grow up and we redo the development and they're gonna have a commercial in the corner at whatever time Just gets to build are they gonna be required to do any kind of turning lanes on that new section of road It will depend on what they're gonna put there. I mean if it's like You know, what's the traffic that it's going to so we would have them look at a traffic study I mean we don't know what's gonna be there. We've never been given anything to even understand You know because your traffic patterns are if it's a gas station versus it's You know retail or if you remember when they did the first um I'm gonna call it renderings and video when they came in You know, they made it look like it was me like how they're all you know, but that's not what's gonna be We don't even know but we they've never even given us plans or anything So there's nothing that's been submitted at the time when they do come to us with then we will see But if it's something that's gonna generate a lot of traffic and now of course They would have to put some sort of a turn lane which is exactly why DOTD had them do it And same reason why you see the turn lanes coming in along shaman Shaman mattery so yeah, I guess before thinking for myself just trying to Think ahead how much time and money we invest into road road and restructure projects and the design plan and then You know developers are not gonna do something big and then when it's up happened is they puts up a massive after they see their You know the impact analysis and then they want us to Grant a variance because they want to do something else after we invested so much money in time into it So I was just trying to think of something ahead of time that they were even on the realm of what they're gonna put there before we Designed this whole new road and they're gonna you know Rip it up to yeah on the on what we're doing on shaman I get out right now is a pay what we call pavement preservation So your current payment sections one to two inches asphalt My top eight inches of base so I myself. I mean I'm 54 years old To me as bad as it looks. It's actually held up pretty well considering that's all it has like we have subdivision our subdivision streets are more than that So right now we're gonna go down and get a good and get a good sub gray get a good base and And and repave that but we're not widening or anything at this point We don't have the right away to be able to do that But that's the whole thing as these developers if they want to do something then Easiest thing for them to do is to give up the right away to do the turn lanes for what they're affecting as their demand With regards to that so At least the project that we're doing right now would not there it would be for not because you're gonna always have that base And that subgrade so if you're widening out you're gonna have that we don't have to go down to that again And that's the goal of this project There's also no no imminent plans to take ownership of Geat road correct here, so it will also be driven by by whatever the state any any driveway permit will have to be dictated by By the state. Yeah, I'm still dealing with landers representatives in office trance Push them to repay that road because they want to stick ownership But I've expressed that we we're not doing that until they can give us a functional road of beyond so yeah Yeah, and and and rail I don't think I've shared with the council but relative to I mean a shaman agriob what we're what we've had the pre construction on that pams talking is a phase one of it the second phase is around that the hard S curve We did negotiate the acquisition. We took that we took acquisition of it over the last Last month of 1.7 acres Which is the first right away acquisition in that hard S curve and And we're having dialogue with with the property owners across that as well So that way as funding becomes available we can continue on phase two which is Softening that curve and really making that more of an An arterial east west arterial for the south side of our city All right any other questions for Pam Yeah You Don't be sorry. It's my I know that The developers from sugarmobong got back on the rendering that you had done For the safety and the stops and etc. Do we have an updated where we are as far as any of that happen? Yes, so Two points about that one is we we need to do a Request for proposal for striping Because we also have some other areas of striping that we want to do Near term shimmy mettery parkway particularly phase two which is from guillot to vla But during that project we may go ahead and and look at doing the initial phase of shimmy mettery as well some of the bike lane striping is as you wrote it or has Faded So what we're doing is we're doing a request for proposal for Striping to take us through the next two years So with that pricing established we'll have we'll be able to Then proceed with with the project. So our plan is since we're going to have pricing established um for two years is what Pam and I talked about our intention to move forward after hearing feedback from I think the stakeholders and the neighborhood the residents that developers um and I mean it's still subject to change. I mean based on what the public would like But our my intention is just to move forward with Very select areas of initially cross walks striping And I think if yeah, I think if we can focus on that initially um As part of enhancing cross walks public works has started um in between other projects they've started the process of doing the crossing From sonic to feel crest Because of that what most of it we're going to be doing in house we won't be able to do the striping until we have our striper back So we're going to focus on cross walks initially In a couple of areas pelfry park Perhaps one or two at shore So when when we get a little bit closer there, I'll make sure to engage the The h o aiv so what we would what would Pam did she did exactly what I asked her to do And she gave us a Comprehensive here are here are things that you can do and our intention is to Can try progressive steps because the feedback from the chief You know multi-faceted approach as how I'd like to approach it with you know enforcement awareness things like that um and I believe from the feedback I heard that the cross walks would be a good way to start And then if we need to come back and supplement it with other areas We'll have the pricing established that we'll be able to do so that should be I think we can have the the it's a first quarter first quarter goal on the request for proposal, right? Yes, we're putting the packet together We've been um, so we already had all the links and what we would need in shigam upon we are doing the exact same thing for shaman Right now so that we would have the links in order to be able to put out Asked for you know for prices from contractors and so we're probably about With all the we're trying to start all these other projects who about 30 days out from being able to put that out for Contractors to be able to look in the give us bids. So yeah be the first quarter We get the bids back hopefully in the February beginning of March and then Begin in a second Yes, which is the better weather to be doing all of that anyway. Yeah, and then on the roundabout I know which one round press back. He'd be very specific. I know I have two or three um The press got that we were just talking press got in bone in. I know again Yeah, because you're just now getting all this going what do you project in possible start? If you're dealing with well with do to be originally the the funding source we're looking at was to be under construction in This next cow in in their next fiscal year is when they had it programmed for so um if everything was if we had our I could say that maybe by this time next year we're either going to be advertising or Possibly be finishing up with you to be really depends on how quickly they go through If they go through a slower yeah, so from a stamp but but from a standpoint of our plans our plans are in a position where Barring any changes from them they would be able to be advertised because we've been working on the design So the design is complete um and the um and the modeling the modeling is done in the drainage study So it really depends on the comments that we get back from them and then they have their process To be able to put it out there. Yeah We've been we've been we've been assured Pam and I We're in Baton Rouge within the past month specifically meeting about DOT and this is one of the things that This this is a grand award that that the city of young zool has um and we asked them For Because it's a local road to really expedite the review so I I think we can receive good feedback that they're willing to do it But we'll probably want to see yeah If it was fully if it was fully funded by us and it was one of our typical projects We'd be in a position to be out for bit in 90 days So the rest of that what I'm saying is really their process The scope change that we have to do it has and then they have to present the MPO has to present it at what we call transportation Technical committing then it's got to go to transportation policy committee And then from there then once the MPO says hey, it's okay then DOTD gets it And then it goes through their process which is which is why We want we want to be strategic before we do anything Right that intersection and make sure the pret the press got left churn lane We are controlling that timeline and we're paying that using local funds So that'll be an advance of this one And in the interim solutions like the mayor said that we're doing is we don't want to spend a bunch of money on an interim Solution that the roundabout within so it's so we want very cost effective Solutions that are in place for a year, you know at best two years Yeah Good questions all right Anything else for Pam all right Susan So So the wastewater plant the notice to proceed has been issued that they are submitting shop drawings and placing equipment orders It's a lot of equipment on this job with a lot of lead time. So that's kind of what's still laying the actual mobilization The water plant is substantially complete there working on getting the generator operational and working on the punch list um sugarmoblone the force main The all the servitudes have been secured and we receive the letter of no objection from the Gulf South pipeline and wait is reviewing that right now For pump station five. I'm working on the permitting And after that we'll look at how we'll fund it I think we're planning on using some capital outlay. I don't know when it comes through but that's what we'll look at Any questions for Susan Yes, Mr. Volchana As far as the water plant being open are we have we opened up all the I guess the main valves to distribute where we wanted to ship you that Yes, okay. I guess I've only had probably four or five phone calls But most of them the same two areas it was a some of them sugarage but mostly beacon village None recently as this week was mostly been the last month or so Just with the yellow and discovered water. I just kind of reiterated that it's gonna take some time for the water to flush them multiple pipes and kind of you know flush some water. So if you turn zone Don't want to run back off with the water flow through for a few minutes let it flush So I don't know if there's anything else that we can really reiterate to the citizens what they can do I think we're on the I think we're on the very tail end of it Oh, what What mr. Volchana is referring to is our new water plant we've chosen to Push it into the distribution system at a higher psi So as a result of that if you if most most of our communities been on Whole cell l us system So you're you're not being noticed in a difference those in the heart of our city that were on our previous plant may notice a higher PSI right now the issue with the areas targeted that you're referring to is the higher The higher pressure water being delivered through an older distribution system has dislodged Some sediment that's common in water distribution lines From you know, while we have a regular flushing program as part of the hydrogen testing It you know, we've had some scenarios where we had did in lines on we had two water systems We still have two water systems opening and closing valves and testing pressures from hydrants to ensure the accuracy of our of our mapping has Done has created some sediment in it within the system But I think we're on the tail. I mean, I'm based on the feedback. I'm getting from the water department. We're on the tail end of that Yeah, it should clear, but let us know Yeah, I'll let them know that I mean we had and we had the fire on eight siblings and we had a use one of the hydrants for water supply But that was kind of in the midst of opening some of those valves. So we might have disturbed it a little worse than it normally would have been so If I get any phone calls all you know, but I haven't had any last week. So we should do okay So the water plant today is servicing probably about eight times seven eight times the service footprint that our that our Decommissioned plant Has been serving and we're we're evaluating the usage now and Exploring future opportunities to continue expanding it within the infrastructure that we have today and then also capital projects that we have Design over the next that we plan to implement over the next couple of years That that the second thing that's relative to water that I want to share I think I've shared with the council previously that we received a 46.2 Percent increase from Lus relative to our wholesale water rate that's to be implemented over a two-year period In conjunction with the mayors of Bruce Ard and Scott We did ask for some reconsideration on that in the reconsideration at this point is a 57.5 percent increase over the next three years cumulative So we are we are still working with them to see how we can lower those costs But fortunately we've been investing in our own water infrastructure and We intend to we have we have things that are designed that can service a lot more of our city So we're evaluating options to See how we want to bring those online So but the next critical path that we're waiting on is probably next as early as next week next week the next ground of state water grants that we've applied for For our next water project we'll find out within Hopefully before the next meeting if we are a recipient of it But regardless we have contingency plans that we can evaluate when's the best time to move ahead on it That was the water well or tower Yeah, and that'll be what will enable us to to service a greater footprint But from the feedback I'm here and so far. I think that we'll even be able to Potentially increase it some now once things I want things to settle and level off and really get a better understanding of the production and the usage Thanks Susan. All right. Thank you Susan Thank you Susan For bitty basketball their practices and games that they've begun again from the holidays So they started practicing in this week and they'll start this weekend playing games again Registration for YCT ball baseball and softball in on January 16 Bullets softball will be hosting their annual women's collegiate softball showcase tournament January 30th through February 1st and this begins the first of our seven collegiate tournaments The morigrow mamba women's collegiate tournament will be February 13 through the 15th and all the tournament Information can be found at youngsville sports complex.com And we can all our weekend baseball tournaments at YSC and expansion will start again in mid February Perfect. All right. Thank you Tim. Any questions? Okay, no questions for Tim Farmers market is this Saturday, however, we are keeping a close eye on the weather It's so far not looking favorable, but I'm hoping for a miracle and that this moves through faster But if anybody listening on please pay attention to the youngsville farmers market Facebook page We will post an update there As to whether we are going to move forward with it or not Sometime tomorrow mid-morning Chamberlain for all chamber members Our monthly meeting is going to be on the 14th next week Wednesday at first assembly So if you haven't registered to attend and want to come to the luncheon We would love to see there Thanks, Hayley announcements from the day is All right, Mr. Sevelle's asked if he could address the council because he'd like to share an invite With each of you Mr. Sevelle Thank you Today I brought notes away. I brought notes Thanks Thank you for the opportunity for let me address the council. I'd like to encourage each of our council members to attend the sugarmobon h-o-a meeting scheduled on for January 20th at 6 p.m. You'll be held at the Renaissance Charter Academy Uh, it'll be on the left hand side in the cafeteria. I understand that I'm not fully Have full authority to formally extend this invitation therefore I respect that you ask That our con uh, our contacts sugar mill pond homeowner sociadant request permission to attend the meeting Several residents have current experience issues related to tree growth red maple trees have re-reach maturity Their root systems have called damage to sidewalks and landscaping foundations have also been impacted We believe the plan of development ordinance may need to be restructured To be better served current youngs bill property owners Well, we recognize the sport of the city's growth and future plans. We feel our more focused detailed oriented approach Should be applied to existing developments as well as proposed for the future That's from me. Okay, not I don't represent anything. Okay I would like to be there because uh the other morning I was standing outside and I had a realization That um When I looked around it was nothing but beautiful. I mean we have nothing but beauty But in one cell of any type of apartment complex uh things could go down So at the end of the day uh besides the trees Some things that future that I would that I am going to take out on my own personal time to do is Work on trying to get with you guys to develop something different To protect us on the new developments that are taking place where we can uh learn from what we're doing We have now in which you guys have to but learn from what we have now To better orchestrate and make people our property owners. If uh Youngs bill a little bit better. Okay. That's what I want to propose and try to help. Hey I know I reached out to you earlier today or this earlier. I am gonna come and do it I am going to take more interest in this kind of stuff because We want to grow all of us um But I'm seeing things and people inside our community and I think someone can contest to that planned situations have problems Plan developments have issues that need to be brought forward So thank you for allowing me to speak. I really do appreciate you certain thank you. Thank you. Any other announcements All right, is there motion to adjourn? Oh, well, uh, yeah Mr. Romero reminded me Marty Grah. I think everyone probably knows but I want to want to We had a great kickoff to the Marty Grah season that was on Tuesday We celebrated with both of our youngsville crews I think I know we are all Excited that crude days on me is celebrating their 45th anniversary of the Youngsville Crudez. I mean, so that's incredible to hear 45 years of celebration In their cell To both Marty Grah balls both Marty Grah crews are having their balls January 24th of this year So also in addition to being the 45th year of crudez. I mean It is the 40th anniversary of the Youngsville Marty Grah parade So I just I'm a little bit behind on on my own social media But we have a great picture from 1986 of of the earliest parade so in honor of the Being the 40th anniversary of the parade the 45th anniversary of crude days on me I was proud to to announce that crude days on me all members Past and present you know in their memory are if they're no longer here or just decided not to be part of the crew Are going to be leading our parade as grand marshals this year Because I think as as everyone Or as I try to keep in the forefront is that we have to be very respectful mindful of where we've come from to be cognizant of where we're going Our cognizant where we've been to to have a clear mind about where we need to go in the future. So February 14th 11 a.m. It's also Valentine's Day. So don't let it over shadow Over shadow your loved one, but planning is in full preparation Our team styled in Public works as always does an incredible job and I'm Know that this year will be no different. We've also had meetings with chief Bruce Arden his team So that way the law enforcement will be you know on par Equal to or greater than it has been last year and in the past. So looking forward to having a great celebration. So All right, I'm sorry. We're motion motion by mr. Romero second by mr. Gianno all in favor all right meeting in charge have a great evening. Thank you so much Yeah