 you you you you you you you you you you Go over there. and crawl. Good morning. tonight and I'd ask him to lead us please in the invocation and then if you remain standing our pledge is going to be led by councilman shampoen. Lord thank you for this beautiful city that we get to call home God. Lord we love the city of youngs bill God we are thankful for the growth. Thank for all the blessings. Thank you for the protection and the covering. Lord today God in this meeting God give us wisdom give us counsel. We need you God we acknowledge you and everything we do. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the day and state of America. And to the republic for which it stands. One nation under God. Individual liberty and justice for all. Pastor thank you we we had a wonderful national day of prayer so we thank you for being there and for your leadership in the community and your wife as well so. Thank you sir. Mr. Gidry please call the roll. Ms. Boris here. Mr. Volgiano here. Mr. Marrow here. Mr. Nylon is absent tonight. Ms. Shampoen here. All right thank you Nicole. Jen Adam 3.1 approval of the meeting minutes April 9th 2026. Okay it's a motion by Ms. Shampoen seconded by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry please call the vote. Ms. Boris. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Ms. Shampoen. Yes. Motion approved. Okay approval of the March 2026 finance report. Jen Adam 4.1. Okay. All right motion by Mr. Romero. Seconded by Ms. Boris. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or discussion? Ms. Gidry please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Shampoen. Yes. Ms. Boris. Yes. Motion approved. All right Jen Adam 5.1's request for preliminary pletip approval. Sugar Mill Pond phase 30. Located section 7T 11S R5E with this this evening's the developer. Mr. Jordan Dagle and his engineers the triad trauma and council in your packet. We have a letter from from Ms. Grande that us shall walk us through. All right. Thank you Mayor council. We recommend approval of this preliminary pletip with the following comments and all of the attached ADRC review comments. We recommend no waivers to the six pletip revisions that are included in the ADRC. We would need them to include the names and addresses of all adjacent property owners. We would need them to correct the utility niche that's on lot 113. Identify the gas line easement with on the plat provide addresses per the ADRC report and a note that sidewalks are required along all city streets. I'd also like to mention for the record and I will give this information to the developer. We received an additional comment on yesterday from LCG and it was a rod whimberly from boardwalk pipeline just saying that it said that there was no conflict but they do know they have a pipeline which of course we know that the developer knows it. We recommend no additional waivers to the remaining 14 conditions except number six and seven. We would need to have a full list of the last two floodplain and stormwater management hours of more stringent so we always replace those with regards to flats. On item number 13 the minimum finished floor elevation of any structure. It's one foot above BFE or one and a half around the center line. We're going to face upon our last floodplain comment that we had so it doesn't matter if it's open ditch or if it's closed so we wanted to make sure that that was addressed as well and all of the other ones are our standard comments with regards to utilities and everything else that we put signage for all of our developments so with that I'll entertain any questions that you might have. Council is open for any comment. Motion to approve. Motion by Councilman Shampine and second by Councilmember Bolshano. Any comments from the from the audience? Any public comment? All right. Hearing none we'll go ahead and call for the vote to approve the preliminary plot please. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. Thanks. I failed to mention at the beginning of the meeting that agenda item 6.2 was being removed from the agenda but moving on to 6.1 bid review for the Young's World Water Plant Filter Edition. I'll ask Susan to come up and tell us about that that project. So we opened bids last Wednesday. We received three bids. The low bid was 397,000 by NCMC. That's very close to the quote that we got before we decided to actually publicly bid it so we recommend awarding. So for the public's benefit this is the addition. The addition of this filter is going to enable the treatment of approximately an additional 25% so we can continue expanding our water treatment facility. We've just opened it less than six months ago but we have planned to continuously make improvements and expansions up until earlier this week we still weren't running what I would describe at full capacity of the current plant so we've just increased the service area further on the last couple of days. So we're going to move on to the next one and then this project would last that I think it's a year roughly calendar time that we expect this project to take so there's a lot more expansion going on than just the 25% indicated here so any questions from the council or members of the public. And it's the pleasure of the council all right motion by council member Romero and a second by councilman champagne. I'll ask again if there's any comment. All right no public comment miskidry please call the vote to accept the low bid. Miss Champagne yes Mister is yes Mister Volgiano. Yes Mister Marrow. Yes motion approved. Thank you. All right as I mentioned 6.2's removed from the agenda 6.3 is appointment of skyd close to you to the young so civil service board representing the police department board member for a three year term elected by the young so police department on February 20th 2026. Is he here yes yes sir please. Thank you. It's on the serve as civil service board member and be elected by my co-workers as well as appears. Represent the youngville police department the civil service board. Thank you for recognition Mister Mary and all members of the city council. Thank you thank you for your service. It looks like we have a motion to approve by council member Romero and then a second by councilman Barraz any council comment or discussion any any comment or discussion from members of the public. All right miskidry please call the vote to confirm the police department's appointment to the young so police department civil service board. Yes Mister Volgiano. Yes Mister Marrow. Yes. Yes motion approved. Thank you officer. Thank you appreciate you. I just want to say a couple words about Scott please Scott has come to young so police department he's been here quite a few years comes here with 30 years experience from another agency. He's a great asset to the department. Very proactive. We appreciate Scott thank you. Thank you. So we have a resolution 7.1 resolution 2026 13 a resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute for and on behalf of the city of young so for the parish of Lafayette Louisiana and active substantial completion from Glenn Lage A construction LLC contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for the fortune road extension and roundabout project. All right motion to prove by councilman Sean Pine and a second by council member Barraz. You have the punch list as part of your pilot was a late addition to your packet they just finished that Pam you want to speak about it I mean or. We have just a few items that we want them there's you know it's draining so well that we're having to go in and there's a couple of areas where we have some erosion but we recognize that we probably want to add a little bit of stone for the driveway for maintenance for the detention where the detention Japanese and when they're going to be taken dirt for the next phase so we're adding that and we're adding some additional yield ahead signs so we've got yield ahead yield flashing caution yield whatever and people still are not yielding so we are adding a couple of additional yield signs on some of the areas because with with two lanes we want to make sure that nobody can say they didn't see the other one because the car was blocking it. So anyway those signs I think we're going to be put in by tomorrow and then we'll be in a position to remove the cones and open up the roundabout for the weekend. All right so we do have a little video we'll share with you mayor that one that is a stock video that you may want to share with people so that they understand how to enter in when they're coming from two lanes and. We would you know maybe regional can help us with his cute little tutorials he does but the upside down arrows that look like a yield signs where you're actually supposed to yield not in the middle of the roundabout and I think that's the biggest thing they yield but people are yielding too late so but we're excited about it it was a mile it's a milestone and phase highway 89 phase one's going to be right behind it we're not too far on that one as well. Great project thank you Pam there was a motion in the second any public comment or question related to the acceptance of the fortune road roundabout an extension to Bruce art yeah please that's a I think it's a great milestone yeah. Yes that's very good. All right let's see if there's no public comment misgidry please call it a Mr. Pogiano. Yes Mr. Romero. Yes. Yes. Yes motion approved. The genitimate 7.2 is resolution 202614 a resolution of the city of young zone support of the highway 89 pavement preservation project which we should be a matter of parkway to church street authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents and assume responsibility for local match funding. Okay the motion by mayor pro temp bulls jano second by councilwoman shampine. This is another project that we're coordinating through the a Katie and a planning commission and what I've learned with those pay projects is you have to have patience but when you have patience it's great because 80% of the funding is through grants and our requirement is just a 20% share which is why we selected this portion. This portion of highway 89 a guillot road is a city road so by the time we it's still in good condition today talking about our portion but by the time we get the grant mobilized and we selected a project that I believe is in good. It should be an easy enough project for to facilitate you know all of the bureaucracy that comes along with with the grant so any questions. Any public comment alright no public comment misgidory please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mr. Volgiana. Yes. Thank you council 8.1 ordinance 5.11 2026 in ordinance of the city of young zoo Louisiana many in the code of ordinances chapter 130 land use regulations to establish procedures for commercial development variances. Councilman champagne his emotion alright to approve in mayor pro temboliano seconds any any comment or question from from the council. Yes. Miss champagne please. Let's see hold on one second. Good idea. These are some of the things that we had asked about the neighbors knowing what's going on so I think this is a good amendment. Yes. Yes. I agree with you. No councilman Romero has discussed it with us several times. The purpose of this is just establish a more uniform a unified process when there's a a variance requested for a business next to a residential home. And the question has come up before has the has the neighboring properties been notified and there has not been a requirement up until now in our ordinances that there has or that there is a requirement. So this creates that framework to you know at least have an expectation that the requester initiates dialogue with the surrounding homeowners or property owners. And then they can report to us about those conversations at the time of the request for the variance. So it's we're basically putting more on us on the request or to do some of the groundwork so to at least bring you more information about some of that neighborhood feedback. It's really what you've been asking for when we had one recently you on church street. I know the questions were asked you know have you had conversations with the neighbors so this is built off of your feedback any public comment or question. Mr. Gidry the ordinance is still working good sir. All right if there's no public comment or question. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. I bring that up for those of you that don't know. Lin Gidry the audience is an architect and he helped us. Right this ordinance or he did write the ordinance. Years ago so it's still had a few modifications and tweaks but we're still building upon your works are. Two ordinances for introduction tonight 9.1 ordinance 512 2026 in order to the city of young so Louisiana declaring an intent to acquire full ownership of a movable property designated at 504 avenue a. Consumer Bulls, you know motions comes from the Romero seconds any public comment or discussion. So this is a. A judicated piece of property where of the property owner has. Just failed to keep their taxes current and there's a there's a process it's a it's a piece of aching property that's not kept up that the city does maintain so we're slowly going through those roles of property. So we're going to take ownership and to sell the property to put it back into free market that correct way that's correct. We actually have one that will bring another one that will be bringing you next meeting we just got the appraisal done on that property you previously authorized it so at the next meeting we'll be asking. So we're going to ask for a position to allow us to obtain bids for the property now that we know the appraisal value of it and we're going to repeat the same process here in time assuming your approval tonight. Any public comment or question related to this. All right, Ms. Gidry please call the road. Miss Paris. Yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Romero. Yes. Yes, yes. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. And we are fortunate we don't have a lot of pieces of property that fall into this category but ultimately they are burdens for the young's will taxpayer because Terry's team is maintaining them in a lot of cases filing leans on the property but you know it's a lot of things that we can't do. It's time to get moving on them. So all right, 9.2 ordinance 513 2026 ordinance of the city of Young's will Louisiana meaning the code of ordinances chapter 12 nuisances as a relates to operations and finds for construction or repairs. Council member Romero motions councilman Barra seconds open for council discussion. I'm clear in the board was there any discussion I didn't hear if there was no OK any public comment or question. Yes, ma'am councilwoman Shampa. Thank you, Mayor. I know this has been a long time coming. I just want to make sure that everyone in the audience as well as the people watching online. They get the information of what the process is because I do know we don't have code doesn't enforcement doesn't work on the weekends. So when we when someone wants to report this what are the steps they're going to have to do if it's a Sunday for example a Saturday or a Sunday. Right. Or any other time of your holidays. I'm going to ask a question because it's for introduction we haven't evaluated it fully as an administration for that. So I guess that's going to be the benefit of. I'm sad that I kind of depend on the judgment of the council tonight about how it how it'll move forward. But I don't have a I don't have a specific plan on how I can assure you that this time. Ms. Cindy did you want to say something. Thank you. Originally when I brought it up to several council members, the suggestion was to contain it to a six day work week. I got some feedback on the fact that, you know, how are we to stop people from earning a living if that's what they do working on certain days. The fact of the matter is builders have six days a week. Plans are built out in advance. Timelines are made. I don't think it's a lot to ask that the residential construction, especially in tight communities that we are, and we are building quickly. This is not just something for a specific area of our city. We are building quickly and the neighborhoods are getting closer to each other, et cetera. And more and more of our residents are working from home. So now you're listening to it seven days a week. And if you ever live next to a house that's being built, it's extremely stressful. And you know, it would be nice to have one day a week in which you could enjoy and spend time with your family or take a nap or a goodness sake. It doesn't happen. So I know I read the changes in the packet and originally, you know, I was hoping that at least some control on a Sunday would be in there. Again, whether you want to look at it as mental health, right? So you're not listening to clenching seven days a week or religiously or even just family time. Having some quiet on one specific day, I don't think it's a lot to ask. But there is a, I don't want to say a lot of research. I've done some research. There are other communities are sized throughout the country that do have restrictions on Saturdays to finish even earlier and no work on Sundays. So keep that in mind. I know this is just an introduction, but I would like to have the council at least consider adding a restriction on Sundays. With the intention B to limit, look say it's largely intended for outdoor type work. Correct. Okay. So the average, I want to say deathmills. I looked it up. It's like 80 on outside construction of a home. I mean, that's life in my opinion. So yes, mainly outdoor construction. And obviously like the amendment already has in it. I think which is if there's an emergency, right? A hurricane's coming, etc. I mean, obviously, nobody wants someone's home to be damaged because they're not able to work on a Sunday. Absolutely that is not the intent. But the intent is builders have six days. One day off would be nice. This is probably a seven days ahead. Yes. What's the one I'm sorry about? I'm out of the, I'm got a mystery question in its entirety. You were asking how are we going to enforce? Yeah. We, oh, I'm sorry. We code enforcement doesn't work on the weekends. So I was just wondering what is the plan? So our residents know if someone is violating, who do they call? Do they call the police to be 911 because they don't get the police departments there either? Do they call 911 and then they send out a police officer to shut it down, warn them, you know, those things. I think we need to, that our residents know what they have to do. Yeah, I think at that point, if they're trying to call 911, the calls of service are going to get out of hand. We're trying to increase patrol. That seems like a wasted call to the police department. I mean, I don't want to take drastic measures where we just start botching it from day one. If it, you know, I would like to see it with what's put in, what we've changed and put in place. And if it doesn't work after that, then we address the schedule. But I mean, they're going to be natural rain delays and we're going to see things, things are going to happen. You know, and the, the construction side of it, I mean, most framers don't always work on weekends. I mean, I think they're going to be a good thing to begin with. The weekends are going to be your paint guys or the rapid, up a different job. So, I don't, I wouldn't want to see us change it from seven to six. Currently, I want to see us try to enforce this, but more or less try to figure out how we're going to enforce this. Whether that's a resident senate pictures and we address it on Monday morning. I mean, those are, those are some simple suggestions. I don't know. So, what we have is, we have a call person that did can call the public works number. We also have a reporter problem that has nuisance code enforcement on there. It actually sends an email, depending on their alert. We all get it. And so, we can address it as far as for the enforcement of it. I guess it depends on what's going on. You know, if we get, we get requests for cement sometimes in the middle of the morning, based on the weather, that type of thing. You know, to delay any construction at any given time, depending on the situation, it's like anything else. You know, if they're building my house, I want them working seven days a week. I understand that issues, but they can address and give us a call. We can go, I call, I can go out there. To call PD, I guess it would have to be, I mean, something severe, I would think. To, to, we'll have to be like framing it like 10 pm. Right. Something, something where, because our ordinance basically seven o'clock, you know, six or seven or seven or whatever that says sunset, which is very, so eight seven is basically, you know, doesn't it? Yeah. Or dust. No, it's a time. It's a time. It's a time. But now it's going to be a p. I thought it was. I just, I understand, I just built a house. I get that. My timeframe didn't change because the guys didn't work on Sunday. The timeframe is timeframe. Most builders add days in for whether those type of things. Not to mention, I would think that the realtors that are showing houses on Sundays, how much noise do you want while you're showing people around through the home? Right. There's, I, in my mind, there's an economical reason as far as real estate market. I think there is a reason for family, religious time. I just asked that you consider it. Can I ask you a question, Jennifer? I know you do a lot of research. Did you look into the two HOAs because HOAs can actually be more restrictive than less restrictive than a city? Okay. So you're getting more restrictive. So do you think the HOA covenants could address it? I think, I mean, you and I are both on the HOA. You're only HOA board that my fee of possibility. I think there's a lot, there's several that I looked at and I believe I looked at three there in Young'sville and most of them mirror what the city has. I know that Sugar Mel Ponds is a mirror of what the city has. When we had a different person who was pretty much running it, he enforced and had the builder sign off that you don't work on signing. But it actually was not a rule. It was, it wasn't in our HOA covenant. It was just something that Mr. Boie decided to enforce. And I'm just wondering if maybe if you talked to Jordan that he wouldn't do it and maybe the other neighborhoods. I have a lot of them built out but some of the other neighborhoods that are just starting we have a lot of new neighborhoods coming in. Well, you know, and that's what I knew when I bought my law and I knew when I was the first house on the street to build. Oh my gosh. I knew there was going to be construction everywhere. There is dust everywhere. I knew this. I mean, but I also assumed like my builder was courteous on Sunday. Not so much. Everybody is not as courteous. So, and this isn't just about Sugar Mel Pond or where I live. We are growing fast and the houses are getting closer in some areas. It's just I think it, I think it deserves debate. Right. I'm the council member of Ramara. Yeah. I was the one who is introducing this ordinance. I didn't meet with Jennifer. I met with the mayor. We reviewed some other things when Nicole. I think the biggest takeaway from this is we're adding major holidays. We're at increasing the fine age and we're also limiting the timeframe of how far out late they can go in the day. Which has been. And personally, until we have a lot of people asking for a Sunday, I'm an experienced council member. Like we really don't need to rip the band at all. We just need to kind of reapply a little bit and do it to where, you know, small changes. Would it be unreasonable then to change the Sunday hours? The other ones are what, seven to eight is what the adjustment is. I think it could be something we could consider when we adopted to adjust maybe a Sunday hours. So that it's a smaller window. Yeah, my only thought behind it is that like just for instance, let's say we have a five day work week and it storms four to five days. They worked Monday. They worked Monday. Okay. Right. So the, the, the, I'm asking around just basic research. What I'm saying is that you have 40% of people who complain because it's too much noise. 40% of people complain because they move into a neighborhood. A construction is going on for years and then 20% don't care. So they're just unbiased in it. So looking at this, I just, I would rather, I would rather just see this at, and make it a solid attempt to enforce this to the best of our abilities versus we start pulling off days. And then then you come back a year from now, but I have construction in my home. It's been going on for years. It's never ending because we're going to keep limiting the days that they're allowed to do work. That's not only fear. I'm not saying that that's a no. I just think we need to attempt to, instead of just rip it the bandaid off and tweak and address it. We just sort of just tweaking it to fit the contour. What we're doing today. But I also think that the exterior building of a home is a fine, like it's not the whole build. Right. No, for sure. Right. So, you know, again. One day, if not, maybe limit hours. Again, I just think it's worth research and not just immediately shutting it down. Yeah, no, for enough. Absolutely. All right. Thank you. Thank you, Miss Dendi. Is there any other comment from members of the public or from the council? Okay, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote to introduce. Ms. Gareth? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Mero? Yes. Mr. Shampai? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Let's see. Susan, you want to come up and then we'll just go to Pam. And then if anyone on the, anyone on the administration has any updates? So the waste water plant. They've, they've, they've, they've poured the bottom slab in the first level of walls for the, uh, headworks. Um, they're backfilling the SBR area. Then they'll start pouring the bottom of that. And next month's work will include more forming and pouring of concrete and beginning the plant piping work. The water plant y'all heard about tonight. Sugar Mill Pond, uh, pump station upgrade and pump station five. We're finishing those plans and awaiting funding. Um, for pump stations eight and 17. We are finishing the electrical and controls and then we can go out to bed. And, um, pump station one, we're just waiting on the impellers to be delivered, which should happen in June. And then Jeremy will change those out. So that's it. Water plant, um, um, punch list. I guess we're, I guess that's, we did it. We did. Uh-huh. Yeah. Perfect. Any questions for Susan? All right. Thank you, Susan. All right, Pam. Okay. On phase one, B of highway 89, um, we're, one A. Let's go to one A. So one A is about 90% complete. Um, we just have a couple of little items and we have, um, we're going to do our concrete island in the middle north of fortune road where you see the grass median right now. That we are going to be working, we're working with energy to get some street lighting placed in so we can't put the concrete island until then. So, um, they owe us some information so that we, we've already set where we want the lights. We're just waiting on them to give us some information on the conduit side and then we can get the contractor to move forward, put the conduit and start, um, putting the concrete for that island. On phase one, B, we were waiting on Cox to move a line. They didn't recognize that they had then moved in the wrong spot and they're relocating it again. I think we met with them tonight. People in that area. So if you lose Cox communication tonight, it's because they are splicing and moving the resident. So they're moving everybody. They did. They're almost done. So they're splicing, um, and doing some moving right now to tonight. They're going to be doing that tonight. So we anticipate next week, they will be back working on phase one, B, to fit the Glen Lajé guys will be able to start working on that, um, to finish that part. On phase two, um, we've already put together our 60% set of plans, our cost estimates, everything we're waiting on the Glen Lajé cost estimate. That's all part of the C-MAR project, uh, and their process so that we can submit that to the state to start moving forward for our contract for phase two so that as soon as they're done with the 1B, they'll roll right into phase two, which is from south of Sabel Palms to approximately Keller's Griffin Road area. So that'll be our phase two. Um, Larivier Road is about 60% complete. They're working on the drainage on the west side. They were scheduled originally to replace the box culverts or the bridge has been removed, but every time they have it scheduled to be able to place the box culverts, we end up with rain. So, you know, just so people know we got 14 inches of rain in less than two weeks. So it's been kind of hard for, it's hard to do drainage and bridge replacements with that much water. Um, the turn lanes along Highway 92, I'm sure you've all seen that, um, they are going to complete the last portion south of Park Bonat of widening and then they're going to move forward to starting, um, to finish some additional drainage stuff that was requested north of or in the Monolta area and north of St. Blades. Then they're going to do the milling when they go to do milling of all of the roadway where the widening is. They're going to do that in the evenings because due to traffic being as much as it is, they're going to do that in the evenings. That is going to start after Memorial Day. So next week they'll be doing a bunch of stuff to prepare to do the milling and then hopefully the weather cooperating, we will be doing the overlay the first week of June. And then after that we'll do dress up in a couple other things. So that projects moving right along the left turn lane on school street. We need to sit down with the mayor. We have all that. We were still working with some of the utility companies to get their clearance before we actually get the quotes to be able to do the left turn lane on 92 on to school street. Shemet Agriab, they will start that project on Monday. They were out there putting signs today. So I think today and tomorrow they're going to get the signs ready and bag them and then start on Monday morning. Again, I think it's supposed to be good weather. The Striping Project. I got to get that is something with all these other construction projects. We just haven't advertised it. But that one, I want the mayor to have one final look at it and then we'll start advertising that in the few weeks. And that is for those, it's miscellaneous striping throughout the city areas that we know but it is to get a contractor that can actually do multiple years of miscellaneous striping for you on an as needed basis. But we do have the initial first year we have what we need them to do. Yeah, the primary part of that is a miscellaneous battery phase two. So which is guillot to VLA. If you've been on that road recently, it's the striping is definitely a need of being done and refining the bike lanes and stuff. And then we submitted some projects to the, it's time for the annual hazard mitigation plan and we had some other things to do for your MS4. But the importance of the hazard mitigation plan was to get, make sure we had a bunch of projects in there because should there ever be funding available and the projects identified you're in a great position to be able to request it. Based on our last plan, we had a lot of great projects not just for, not just drainage projects but we also had some portable water projects in there and some other things with regards to generators, things like that. So there are some funding that is, that is some national funding that we got some information on from play Higgins's office. So we are looking at the any grants that are applicable to anything we may have had in our hazard mitigation plan. We've mentioned a few to the mayor to try to see if we can go after some of that funding for some of the projects that you've identified. So there's always post disaster funding, which is what pay for your detention ponds, but they also have what's called pre disaster funding. So if you've already known that it's something that you would like to mitigate to where if there was, you know, if there's a freeze and you want to mitigate any circumstances, you can go after for a project. And so I mentioned to the mayor, I pulled out some of the stuff we did in 2021, which is still the applicable plan. So we have the ability to go after some funding if we'd like. And then the, the Anselum Regional Pond. Oh yeah, Anselum Regional Pond that we now have, we can, they can, the mayor has on his desk. It's a no finding of significant impact, our finding of no significant impact, which we call a fauncy. So the environmental is done. And so now funds can be released for you to start the land acquisition process. So once the mayor signs it in the state approves, then we can start doing our appraisals on the land. The plans are 90, we say 90% because until you have the land and everything, we don't say they're final, but you're basically in the land acquisition phase. And then it wouldn't be long. You've already gotten all your permits and everything. So as long as all of the landowners are good with appraisals and want to sell, I mean, you should be constructing by this time next year, if not sooner. Wonderful. Any questions for Pam or any of the, just general infrastructure or construction projects that we have going on anywhere in the city. We do have, we are working on our budget, our new fiscal year starts July 1st. So if any of the council members or members of the public have projects that you'd like us to consider for infrastructure, please let me know and we'll try our best to incorporate them or at least have them on a list for consideration. I mean, of course, we do have some projects to speak of largely you're hearing about them all. And even is going to be continuing. Young's will highway down to Griffin. Terry and I have been looking at that area between like new news and Griffin. They've been, we've been having to patch it and do a lot of maintenance on there. So at some point, I don't know the possibility of the capability, but since that's still probably out there, milling over there. Right. Provided that it's not going to go to, if we can build off of it somehow, you know, to not like wasted. But maybe something then like an interim condition, possibility. We're also looking at incorporating parts of the design, if you will, that we did at the veterans roundabout in that area at Jim and Metery and adding lanes where we can. So have options like that on the table using grant funding. So any questions or comments? Yeah. Lindy, yes, sir. A couple questions. Now, how many, how many feet apart are we planning to put the lights on the media? You know, or how many we plan on putting? There's 14 to 14 or 15. Yeah. From start to finish roundabout to, I guess, to that is from well past the roundabout. Right. Correct. 15, we have some that we're also going to be putting on fourth, the fortune side. I think there was, I want to say eight or nine on the fortunes on fortune. But we don't have any currently planned for the roundabout itself. Because I know we haven't decided you are the city hasn't decided what you want to do inside the roundabout. The conduits are laid in order for you to be able to do electrical and also for and water is already there. So it's just a matter of what you guys want to do in that center to figure out how that would be live. Okay. And then the South of the reviewer, that was, what was that simulator completion on that day? That was later this year? Was that spring of next? For a LaRoubeer, it is in the September timeframe weather permitting. Okay. Yeah. We expect the road to be in much better shape for school opening. But it will not be fully complete. Okay. Awesome. I think that was it. I think that was it. Two things I just want to share related to these projects. One, Pam, I have a video I want to show you. I've gotten in the habit just a personal thing I do. I've accumulated so many pictures of my phone and I type in the date, you know, like May 1st and it gives you the history of May 1st. So I have 15 years of what I've taken pictures of. It's given me a good opportunity to delete things that I no longer need because I've taken a lot of, you know, pictures that are just not pointless. But I think it was April 30th when I typed in that date recently. We were at Plants. Simone was with me. And Pam, we were at a Plan Lafayette meeting and I was on a panel and I don't know exactly what the question was but my answer was it was a clarifying to say, in addition to what we already have planned and then I said, well, my hairy audacious goal would be to we've got to figure out a way to completely redo and transform young so highway from being this two lane broke down road that we don't own to really get move, traffic moving in and out. So, no, it was just kind of a reflective moment to realize that, you know, just a few years, looking government, it seems like it's forever in progress. I don't know, but it was kind of a cool, you know, reflection to see where we are about to kick off face two, if you will. And then the second point I wanted to make after all the rain recently, there was because South of the Riviera still in an interim condition. The drainage is completed on one side of the road, not so much on the other side. So one of the residents who hadn't had the drainage, you know, still has the open ditch and so forth had a drainage concern. So leaving here one night I went out to visit with that resident to see how we could help. But while I was out on the street, it's kind of quiet out there now because there's no traffic. A resident from the, if you will, completed side came out to me and I introduced myself and she says, of course, I know who you are. She just wanted to tell you, she said, when the coolie behind me, which is the less, I don't know if I told you just, the less owl, coolie behind me when it's, I can watch it from my window when it gets to the level it's at right now. I already know the front yard is completely underwater and, you know, I know what to expect. I've lived here long enough. And then she said and look at it now. And of course, I took a couple pictures so I can go back and, you know, look at it next year. But her front yard just had a couple areas that I would describe as ponding if you will, maybe. And it was just, and she, the resident even acknowledged because that it's due to grading, you know, because of the grading of the work wasn't done. But anyway, these projects take a long time, but it's really kind of cool to see them come together. So it make a difference in people that have lived there for a long time. I think people that have just moved here that are counting on that artery to get them to school safely, you know, and they don't care what used to happen there. It's irrelevant now. Now there's soon to be 2,000 kids, you know, at the school down the street. So anyway, that's all I have. Any council announcements this evening? Yeah, it's from it. I wanted to thank all of our civic organizations, local organizations in schools for the litter pick of day. It was just a profession to always see our community come out to keep our beautiful city clean as we do in addition to what a public works crew does on a daily basis. So just thank you all for coming. Thank you, Linda. Matt? Yeah. I wanted to agree with you. The National Day of Prayer was phenomenal. That group coming together every year for so many years now what it's grown to is just, it's probably one of the best hours of the month every time we have it. I appreciate that. And happy belated Mother's Day to all of you ladies. You know, hopefully you all enjoyed it and have a good Memorial Day for everybody. Thanks, man. Tonight is also a Sension Highs graduation. So unfortunately, you know, we're not able to attend, but just so much tragedy, you know, that some short tonight's probably tough, you know, celebratory, but also probably still tough. So thinking about everyone at Ascension tonight and congratulations to all the graduates. So another school year wrapped up. So, Haley. Okay. Well, in Tim's absence, I want to go ahead and point out a couple things that are going on at the sports complex. So right now, adult volleyball registration for Sugar Beach is going on till May 24th. So if you have any interest in playing Beach volleyball, please go on Youngsoil Sports Complex website to register for volleyball. Also, I want to go ahead and make sure everyone remembers that on July 3rd, which this year is a Friday. We're going to go ahead and do our Red, White, and Boom celebration. And do you want to go ahead? No, go ahead. Okay. So this year, we will be welcoming Mark Brusard to the stage for our Red, White, and Boom celebration. So plan to come out with your families and friends and have a good night celebrating our independence. It's America 250. So it's a great year to celebrate. And of course, we'll have our wonderful fireworks display at 9 p.m. I also want to talk about a couple chamber events on May 30th. We have our guns and hoses tournament that's hosted by leadership Youngsoil in the chamber. So our main event of the night is the Beach volleyball game between our PD and fire department, which is always fun to watch. However, if anyone is interested in registering a team, please go on to the sports complex website or call over to the sports complex. We are looking for teams. Also we are looking for sponsors. So if anyone is interested in sponsoring sponsorships for guns and hoses, closes tomorrow. But please reach out to Jamie at the chamber for sponsorships. On that note, also save the date for July 18th. We will be having dancing with the stars happening again here in Youngsoil. We will be announced in the next couple of weeks. We've got an exciting lineup of dancers. So save the date. Tickets will go on sale soon for that. Also we are looking for sponsors. So once again, if anyone is interested in sponsoring, answering with the stars, please reach out to Jamie at the chamber. That's all I got. All right. Thank you. Any other announcements? Any questions? Not a lot of people here. So all right. No, let the record reflect. There's no questions. All right. Is there a motion to adjourn? Motion to adjourn. All right. Motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Mr. Boljano. All in favor? Hi. Meeting adjourn. Have a great evening. Thank you so much. Thank you. That's awesome.