 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you city of young school. We pray all of this in Jesus name me men. Thank you and I also ask that everyone keep in their prayers. Mr. Rocky Landry and his family. It's one of our long time residents that passed away this week property owner and this long time friend of the young school community. So disappointed here is passing but hope that his family has a lot of has a lot of great memories of them as I do. Ms. Kidry please call the roll. Miss Barra here. Mr. Bolianno. Here. Mr. Emerald's absent tonight. Mr. Nyland is absent. Miss Shalphine here. All right and Mr. Nyland's going to be running late so we are expecting him at some point during the meeting. The agenda item 3.1 approval of the August 13th, 2026 meeting minutes. Motion by councilman Shalphine. I'm sorry. Ms. Barres and second by Mr. Bolianno. Any council comment. Any public comment or discussion. Miss Kidry please call the roll. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. All right. The agenda item 4.1 is approval of the July 2026 finance report. All right. Emotion by councilman Shalphine. Is there a second. Second by Mr. Volgiano. All right. Any council comment or question. Any public comment. Miss Kidry there's no public comment. Mr. Bolianno. Yes. Miss Shalphine. Yes. Yes. Farad. Yes. Motion approved. All right. We do have a couple special guests this evening that I'm privileged to recognize and first congratulate Mr. Gable Lewis who's well is more than announcing his candidacy. I think he's really introduced in himself is our justice of the peace elect representing ward 9. So Mr. Lewis it's a pleasure to welcome you to city halls the first time as the our justice of the peace elects are the floor's yours. Thank you. I appreciate it and I won't I won't take long. I don't have a big speech or anything. But yes, I just wanted to make a formal introduction and I'm looking forward to serving the residents of the youngville. I'm in ward 9, which is covers almost the entire city limits. And I think just the northern part of the city is in a different war. But you know, pretty much from from Bear Out School Road all the way almost I think highway 90 is going to be the war. So looking forward to working with the folks here. I've been here for now for about three years. We're open Milton. So I could consider this home and I'm just ecstatic to be serving here in this capacity. So what does what for somebody that I know what what is the justice of the peace. That's a great question. Yeah. And so it's a lot, you know, it's one of those things where I think probably more people are not as effective, you know, the mayor council you guys have a more of a broad stroke. Justice of the peace is what I would call like a mini judge, you know, basically handles matters that are civil under $5,000, but also evictions as well. And so it's one of those things where you probably don't know what a JP is. Justice of the peace until you need that person, right? But anyway, and so that's basically what we'll be doing. We'll have a court also Don Dirt, which I'm sure you guys know will be the she will be the possible elect. And so we're going to be working together. I spoke with her a couple of times and I think we're going to make a great team to serve the people here in Youngsville and in this board. Well, great. Well, congratulations to you. We're excited and I look forward to working together with you. If we can be a venue assistance, please let us know. Appreciate that. Thank you. So much. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, sir. Thank you. All right. Number 5.2, Mr. Art Leberton, Jr. is here and he's announcing his candidacy this evening for Chief of Police to the residents of Youngsville. Welcome, sir. Thank you. I appreciate the opportunity. Since becoming a resident of Youngsville, I have had the opportunity to speak with each of you individually at one time or another. And so first and foremost, I'd like to thank you for your commitment to the community and your service to the community. I recognize a couple of you actually where two hats, Mr. Bull, G. Alno, as a fireman and Miss Champagne on Bessie. So appreciate your dual role as public servants. I'd like to thank the audience and attendance night as well as the community that's viewing online. I'm here tonight to proudly announce my candidacy for Chief of Police in the city of Youngsville. Sell them do I stand up to speak about I or me as always, we or us, because what we do is truly a team effort. My campaign motto is experienced leadership. I think that's one of my better assets that I bring to this campaign and offer to the community. And so I'd like to talk just very briefly about this. I've spent the majority of my career in leadership positions. When I have been responsible for leading people managing operations and making difficult decisions that come with being in command. My experience goes far beyond simply supervising officers. I have managed budgets, resources, personnel, daily operations and many administrative responsibilities to successfully run a police department. I understand what it takes from both sides of the job, the law enforcement side, as well as the administrative side. I know that leader effective leadership means more than having a title. It means being accountable, managing taxpayer resources responsibly, supporting the men and women of the police department, solving problems and making tough decisions and having the vision to move the organization forward. Having spent much of my career leading people, I already have the experience and knowledge of the responsibilities expected of a police chief. When selecting someone to lead a police department, we should look at proven leadership, experience, judgment, accountability and the ability to manage the entire organization, not just one aspect of the job. My entire career and law enforcement has prepared me for this opportunity and I humbly ask for your support and your vote. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Levarton. I appreciate you being here this evening. So our best of luck to you. Mayor, let the recorders like that Mr. Nyland in the meeting at 607. All right. Thank you, Nicole. And finally for other business pleasure to welcome Mr. David Wei, who's here announcing his candidacy for the 15th JDC District Court Judge Division I. And for the members of the public that don't know, I'm sure he'll mention it, but proud that Mr. Wei also serves as our magistrate for the mayor's court here in Young'sville. So welcome to the other side of the event. Thank you. I was wondering what you're doing on my bench actually. Fortnite, I stay far away. So thank you for handling everything. That's right. Well, that's right. Well, it's great to see all of you again. Again, my name is David Wei and I am a candidate for district judge. I've been practicing law in in Lafayette for 30 years. I've had a general civil practice and that's what this division of district court that I'm running for does. It tries cases. I've tried cases all over the state of Louisiana. I've tried a lot of them here in Lafayette, Abbeyville, but also Lake Charles Shreveport, New Orleans, Baton Rouge. So my point is I've got 30 years of the experience of running a court room, of working in a courtroom. And it's also brought me throughout just about every court in the state of Louisiana. I've argued even before the Supreme Court. So I think that's the unique experience. I've got double the amount of the experience of any candidate in the race. And I think that's one of the things that's one of my top, one of my top qualifications. Of course, a close second is the couple of years that I've been able to spend serving as the magistrate judge here for Youngsville. It's been a fantastic opportunity. And I thank you, Mr. Mayor, for that appointment and for the council for confirming that. It's been it's been an honor to try and help move people through the system. A lot of times when people come before even the mayor's court, the city court, it's the worst day of their life. They come in here, they're nervous, they're scared. And I try and have patience with them and let them give their time. And whether some of them want to plead not guilty. And if so, we set them for trial and we have a trial. And I try and do the city of Youngsville, the honor of treating each one of them with respect, but then also getting them through fairly quickly. And then once the sentence is imposed, trying to get them to comply with that sentence and move along. So I would appreciate your support. Like I said, I don't want to leave the bench for the magistrate for the Youngsville city court. But but I do want to step up. This would be a district wide position. It would serve Latvian, Acadia and Vermillion parishes. The election is all of Youngsville. So if you live any part of Youngsville and you part of Baroucade, pretty much it's everything in Latvian, South of the interstate. You can vote for this one. But I appreciate your support on November 3rd. Thank you very much. Thank you. I'm wishing you the best of luck. All right. We'll move into resolutions 6.1's resolution. 2026 24 resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Youngsville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement and all necessary documentation between the Louisiana Department of Treasury, state of Louisiana and the city of Youngsville for an appropriation from act three of the 2026 regular legislative session for road construction, maintenance and repairs in the amount of $200,000. Motion by Miss Champagne and second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any council comment or question for the public benefit? This is a this is an appropriation from our legislators. So we definitely appreciate the support and we put it to good use with road construction projects. Is there any public comment? All right. Here in none in the skidry please call the vote. Miss Baroucade? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Miss Champagne? Motion by. All right. And very similar, but it's part of a different act as agenda. At him 6.2, which is resolution 2026 25 resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Youngsville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement and all necessary documentation between the Louisiana Department of Treasury, state of Louisiana and the city of Youngsville for an appropriation from act 961 of the 2026 regular legislative session for road improvements. This one namely for $50,000 and motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Ms. Barra's any council comment or discussion items, a discussion from the public. All right. No discussion or no question. The skidry please call the roll. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. Miss Barra's. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, council 6.3 resolution 2026 26 resolution adopting the Louisiana compliance questionnaire for audit engagement for the city of Youngsville for the fiscal year in the June 30th, 2026. And this is routine as we started the our in our audit every year. All right. Motion by a councilman Champagne and a second by our like mayor pro tem Bolgenos. Any comment or question. This was a this was added to your packet later. And there's a there's a version of it on your desk. All right. Any public comment. All right. There's no public comment in this gantry. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. Miss Barra's. Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, council 6.4 resolution 2026 27 resolution authorizing the mayor to execute an equipment lease purchase agreement agreements for the Youngsville police department. This is for the vehicles. The two vehicles that were part of the that were part of the budget that you adopted at the end of June. There is an amended version that you're seeing tonight. So emotion by councilman Champagne. All right. Is there a second? Yeah. It's like all right. Second by councilmember Bolgeno. It's open for council discussion. There's any question. Miss Champagne. Yes. Catherine, can you explain a little bit about the I would assume we're going to do a lease option. Is that the request a lease option? Not a purchase. It's a lease department. So can you explain a little bit about the lease options to us because we're fresh memory. How much have we appropriated in the budget? 40,000. It's only a miss this year. So within the agreement, you have to re-approve it every year. So it's for two vehicles, right? So right, 36 months at 24,000. We'd be over budget because that would be 48, right? But this year, so we'd be over budget on the lease. I'm looking at the fleet. Leases. Is this the lease? Yes, ma'am. OK. So the other, that's the estimate proposal. It will give you a yearly. So it's 37,000. If you look at a 48 month, like for annual payment, so it's tight under the 40,000. So the how much annually? 37,000, 111. For years. For each year. For each year. Yeah. Of course. And that's for both vehicles. That's for two. Yes. Yeah. So within the resolution that you got, we amended it to say public bid wall. You have a cap of 7,000. So this is just an estimate that's needed to bring to do those agreements. So if it goes over that, then this is void. And we have that. Does that include equipment on these vehicles? Yes, ma'am. That was a question. I know there was an emergency quip add on. But what is that? What does that cover? She. The cost for emergency quip, the 13,000, something dollars that fully equips the unit with the lights, signs, cage. OK. And all the emergency equipment needed. And you'll find that amount coded on that page. Mr. Edwards, looking at it's 52,589 for the unit plus the 13,065 for the equipment. We should be for three years. Four. Four years. So when we lease, is that going to tie our hands for the next three years? We'll have to appropriate this money every year. Unless we get out the lease. I'm sure there's a clause to get out the lease. So tie our hands for four years. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, just to, I guess just to take it back for a minute, was the council's request to make a modification to the proposed budget to remove 40,000 from 4th street repairs and use that 40,000 towards the vehicles. So 40,000 with that, what we could back into for that cost was two vehicles. But the terms would be a four year lease. And it would each vehicle, I'm sorry, both vehicles together would be 37,000 for year one. So you're correct. It would have to also be included as part of the budget in year two, three and four. Unless there's a decision made to do something else with this. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I'm not sure if my board's accurate. Is there another question from one of you? I don't have a question. Okay. Let's see what's up again. Okay, Mr. Nylon. I'm assuming we're going to be paying this annually and not monthly. Is that what the goal is? We were just, I mean, that would be up to the council. Of course, but there is a savings pay annually, but I would propose from a cash flow standpoint, which is why we're doing this to do a monthly. So it's about $2,100 more than the 37,000, but still right under the 40. Okay. So that 31, 381 would be tons 12. Okay. All right. Well, my next point to that was if we were going to pay it annually, since we did budget the 40 for this one year, if we could pay whatever extra we had left towards the principle to decrease the interest. If that was possible with the lease. This particular one has also a, if you're in the pre pay, it also has an incremental fee on top of that percentage. Okay. So no true savings. Okay. So I guess the other next question to you is, I know it's just, it's just $40,000 per year that we're tied to, but I guess looking at the budget coming forward, this was a one-time $40,000 project, but like every year moving forward with, you know, call stuff, you know, bringing on new police officers, things like that. Is that something that's feasible to be added to the budget for the next three years of a 40 grand? I need to start to say to predict the future, but I mean, I do believe with, you know, rising in sales tax that should cover, but depending on the increases that other matters, you know. Be a little tight. Okay. I'm good. All right. Thank you. Miss Shunpai. I would think that possibly by doing this would mean a standstill budget for next year. That could be a true possibility as an overall, overall, standstill. Because we didn't have a lot of play in the budget this year in the police department at all. Well, the, I'll address that. The budget was proposed with $40,000, and this is what the council decided to do is just make a substitution for another item for the same amount. But I understand your point that this is reoccurring. Is there any other question? All right. We'll move forward. We'll need a motion in a second. Oh, that was done. So, of course, any public comment? All right. Any additional comment? Yes, sir, Mr. Nyland. Chief, this is the, you just go back through just your vehicles again just to, I mean, obviously we need to get new vehicles on the fleet. Out of, I guess what were all of the options looked at just with, I know this is a little bit. The police was there any other options on the table that could have been maybe a used vehicle that doesn't require as much cost where we're kind of going down the 40,000 party year after this. Just where there any other options looked at. I didn't look into any used vehicles. No, I did not. At a usually idle hours on a police car, usually high. I'm going to use police car because a lot of times they'll trade them in or turn them in for lease for problems or just worn out. And if you get to somebody else's problem, do you think that with these two vehicles, it's going to be enough addition to the fleet for the next. I don't know potentially three to four years. No, I don't. So how many more additional would we be looking at next? It depends probably another two next year because of fleet staging. And we're having problems with the dry and goes. They're getting the repair costs on the dry and goes. It's really high. And how many of the do I go there? I think we have about a heat. Okay. So we're potentially looking at adding on another two every year. Replayed essentially. Yeah. Same model leasing. Possibly yes. Yeah. Whichever is more cost beneficial. The least he is not beneficial from across the end point. It's from a cash flow. I read any other comment or question. Yeah. Yes, sir. Okay. I think this is probably the third or fourth time this item has come up with discussion. I guess it's first string as I thought we kind of we haggled a point on where cost savings can be. But what I keep reminding myself is that in this four year term. This is the third. Chief that we've had in place. So in before that was one who was long standing. So a lot of the I think issues with fleet and maintenance or superseded long before. Chief was here today. And so I think that any kind of. So the first thing that we're asking measures trying to maintain for cost savings. We're going to be dealt with all of issues that are just compounding from years on end. So these units I can speak for a first hand. Seeing them on the road a lot at night in patrolling. They're used and abused and a lot of the problems that we had with the explorers were least units and back in the day that we probably shouldn't have gotten. But that was a contract we got in back then. That were costs a lot of maintenance repair. And that was my first term. So I was 20 or 2019, 2020. I think Catherine said it best. This isn't the most cost savings, but as far as cash flow, this is our best option. I think maybe we'll be by next year. We can maybe regroup and come up with a better plan. Hopefully as far as how to purchase more units because I don't I chief as right to is not going to be enough. He will need more just what the with the solution is that I don't know today. But. Hopefully we can come up with a better plan for that. Going forward. I'll give you an example of one of the drain goes in the shop right now with blown head gasket so about a $3,000 repair job. And it will be about 70,000 miles on it. I mean, Sean. Thank you, man. Chief, can you come forward with a plan, a fleet plan for the consul? Yes, ma'am. Absolutely. Yeah, in writing a fleet plan for the future. I'll get with AJ the guy that is the. Where we can see how many cars you have and you fleet now which ones are going to you think expire in a couple years. Yes. And if you can make some movement maybe with those vehicles, we know that some don't use the vehicles as much as others. So we know the patrol officers is very important that they get good vehicles on the road. Right. So if you can come with a plan to the. All officers are the one that they get the newer units and their older units get passed to like better officers and stuff like that. Yeah, if you can come with a plan for us to review before the next budget. Before you request more vehicles. Yes, ma'am. Absolutely. Thank you. All right, any other comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barrett. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Ms. Shalpine. Yes. I'm sorry. I just want to apologize for public hearing and final adoption. The genitim 7.1 ordinance 517-2026. In ordinance of the city of Yom Zoolo, Louisiana, many of the code of ordinance is chapter 130. Land use restrictions as it relates to regulations of gas stations. So motion to adopt by Mr. Volgiano and second by Mrs. Barrett. Any council comment? Yes, sir. Mr. Volgiano. For the public, I guess it's unaware that we introduced this at the last meeting. I had worked closely with the mayor and Nicole on trying to better our ordinance for gas stations, similar to how we did with some of other commercial buildings. I just found that we, in recent, I don't want to hinder for enterprise with business owners that want to do business in Yom Zool. However, I do think there's a proper plan that we could put in place. We're approving gas stations in particular with a knock on the overlapping. I don't think we should have one 200 feet, 300 yards on the road. And then we have a traffic congestion problem that's going to be causing a bit of a nightmare for our traffic. And then also our roads and infrastructure needs. So hopefully this will enhance that ability for them and help us kind of govern that to a tighter research and standard. I echo that. I appreciate you bringing the idea forward. I think the intention was really just to strengthen quality and make any new future gas stations as good as our best operators today. And that's what it was really driven by. And I appreciate the input from the gas station and convenience store owners that did help us draft this ordinance. All right. Any public comment? All right. Mr. Gidry, please call the vote for adoption. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nigel. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. All right. Thank you, Council. Two ordinances tonight for introduction. The first is the gen item 8.1 is ordinance 518 2026. In ordinance of the city of Young Zool Louisiana, a mini and the official map of the city of Young Zool providing for the annexation of additional land. Into the corporate limits of the city of Young Zool Louisiana. This is the bus stop in the west. The bus stop in the west. Own by J and M land investments, LLC and S and C developers LLC consisting of 196.778 acres located in section 30 township 11 South range five east. Lafayette Paris has shown on the map titled map showing property to be annex into the city of Young Zool Louisiana containing 196.778 acres prepared by Jeremy P. Suarez. May 7th, 2026. All right, motion to introduce by Mr. Bull, Gianno. And second, by Council Member Nylon. It's open for Council discussion. And also, I want to take the opportunity, one of the developers is here, Mr. John, Kazoo. Yes, sir, in the rear. So, if you would like to ask him any questions, please, please, I'll ask you to see his here as well. Mr. Shumlin. Yes, sir. Yes, ma'am. I'd like to hear from one of the developers, please, if you don't mind. Good evening. Thank you for being here. Can you give us a little overview on what you're planning on doing with this development? Residential homes for the entire development. Size, home sizes? Yeah. I don't have the exact sizes. I kind of, the price ranges, I think, are going to be from 250 to like 1.2 million, 1.3 million. What about lot sizes? Lot sizes. 50, 55 to, I think, 120. We're talking to builders and trying to find out what the demand is some local builders. But, you know, that's where we all are right now. So, at 50 to 55, it's put in lots. That's pretty small lots. I'm sure you all are aware of setback ordinances, all our ordinances, govern residential developments. Are you going to ask for any request, any variances in this process? Right now, it's understudy, but you know, it's very possible. And who's going to develop these homes? Who's the contractor? You're chosen a contractor, a home builder? It'll be several. No, we haven't chosen yet. But, you know, there's some local ones that we're talking to. And we actually have a contract, you know, tentative contract with one. But, yeah, it'll be quite a few contractors. And how many homes will this subdivision? Around 600. The initial, I mean, that'll be for years, you know, the issue is 40 and 40. So, it will be 80. Okay, that's all I have for late now, ma'am. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Shampa. I'm Mr. Meyland. I just want to make sure this ordinance is specifically speaking to just the annexation of the land. Correct. We're not talking about developments or anything right now. That's correct. So, I'm going to be able to bring this land into young city limits. Yes. Okay. Yes. So, just for the public's benefit, the way an annexation ordinance works. Like any of our ordinances, it would be before the council for two votes. So, this is the first introductory vote. We have a new plan for the council. We have a new plan for the council. We have a new plan for the council. I did come before the council in May of 2024 to get input from the council while the property, at that time, was still under due diligence. So, from that vote in May of 2024, the due diligence on the property continued. The property was acquired. The new plan for the council votes that are required to bring the property into the city limits. And so, it would have to come back after that point for preliminary preliminary platter approval, which would be when real decisions would have to be made on lot sizes and in more real specifics, and I think that would be a good example of the development. But I think there are fair questions today as well. If the information is available, more information certainly doesn't hurt. Yes, sir. I'll pass out that. Y'all are pushing dirt. So, y'all are doing that under LCG's permit? Yes, and in that stage of it, more of a development slash investor. But, yeah, we are moving some dirt and I think you meet the life at parish. Hopefully, once we get annexed, we'll be permitted through y'all. But you'll have a plight for permit through LCG's. Yes. And y'all are pushing dirt. Y'all are developing the lane. Because I saw there's like a pond, y'all dug a pond already, and it looks like y'all are trying to put roads in at least paths for us. Yeah, they count. Currently, we just have things on hold to, you know, which way we want to go. Okay, thank you. Any other council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Yes, sir. Mr. Bryan. Yes, sir. Mr. Longlife, feel free to come in. Mr. John and Colin meet the body of my property, which is based on the side of it. Okay. But I have all the facts. Okay. Yes, sir. That can answer all these questions that Mr. John don't even know, and he's part investor. And I know, Mr. Bryan, I know we all know you, but if you would mind, just for the record introducing yourself. I got all the things perfect. Good evening, Mayor. Council. I'm Bryan Longlife. I'm a green tea linen cub, a young's bird dragon, a commo Spartan, a rage occasion, and a retired 33-year educator, a laughing pass school system. Hopefully that everybody can put a faith to the name. I've been, I wrote it all down because I didn't want to forget, and I wanted to write down facts so that everybody knows what's going on. These are all facts. I don't want everybody, anybody ever to come back on me that saying that I said something wrong. These are all facts. And this is why I wrote it down, and let me get on the microphone so they could hear. And Mr. John called me numerous times, but we never knew who we were. So we've met, and he's from New Rhodes. So he's an out of town, and I'm a homegrown person. I'm standing before you tonight to respectfully ask that you decline Mr. Shamsey. And Mr. Caslan was requested to be an annexed into the city limits of young's bill. My request has been based on documented facts. A clear and disregard of local regulations, disregard. Working in coordination with LCG and Mr. Russell, who is the regulatory compliance officer of Lafayette Consolidated Government, it has been established that Mr. Shamsey failed to follow the law, which strictly requires a land disturbance permit before anyone moves dirt, uprooted trees, or alters natural lateral ditches. Mr. Shamsey hired, do your land leveling, to execute this work, and together they proceeded entirely without required permit. While Mr. Russell noted that the contractor claimed ignorance regarding the permit, any reputable business owner has the duty to verify compliance before breaking ground. When I spoke to the farmer on site about the illegal closing of lateral ditches, his response was simply, he's just a dirt man. And I needed to speak to Mr. Shamsey. After raising these concerns with our parish representative, Mr. Ken Stansberry, I'm the one who basically got this all in process of all these problems. The ditches were eventually reopened. However, so much dirt, unpermitted dirt, was added to the original flow line that it remains uncertain whether the ditches have been restored to the proper depth to handle drainage effectively. Furthermore, the site farmer claimed to Mr. Russell that the water flows north. This is factually inaccurate. If the water is flowing north today, it is because unapproved work altered the natural hydrology of the land, which would drain Guiard village onto me, onto who it used to be, Mr. Broussart's property, onto Mr. Lamfear, to Ms. Jeanette Broussart, until Bayou Dortortou, which I've probably heard of Bayou Dortou before. Mr. Shamsey, operating under the radar, this is a fact. LCG had zero knowledge of this earthwork until a local sugar cane farmer, Mr. Duane, who farms my land, a fellow resident Benjamin Longland in my cousin, and I personally brought to their attention. Do your land leveling is operating off-plates and development plans laid out by Mr. Shamsey, yet neighboring residents, Guiard village, people who have lived their all my lives in me, were never informed of given the opportunities to discuss the direct impact on roads that Mr. Simone just brought up and drainage, because they have it all. It's not a paved road, but it's a dirt road. You can tell where the roads are everything. Now, Mr. Shamsey needs Jonesville. He cannot secure water through coastal water. Coat water isn't going to come into that. I saw some land in the back to Lewis Anzalon. He couldn't get coastal water. That's when he had to go through Benjamin's property, come to you guys, to pay that water line to get to the back. I saw that property to him. And then annexation is his shortcut to immediately begin development. He needs it. And now he can, I guess he can pay the water to get that job, that North District to run for his property, but let it be his problem, not Young'sville's. Anzation is a privilege. Is a privilege. Not a right. Approving this request, no matter how much money has brought in or what he wants to do, someone who believes he can bypass codes, ignore permits, and disregard established residents. In my opinion, shouldn't be acceptable to nothing, but that's my opinion. I urge this council to stand up for proper procedure. Proper procedure, like we were talking, like I heard Mr. Nana talk a while ago. Protect our drainage and deny this annexation request. These are all facts. You can back it up, Mr. John can call Mr. Russell. I've talked to LCG, the commission, because I wanted to be made aware of what was going on. Somebody went over there and tried to stop him, but they continued to work. And there's more than one pond. There's five retention ponds. They closed up ditches, you know, that drained Guillaume Village, Lindsey, my friends, Lexi Longland, a camath, their house flooded before. And now, but they go to the front, but either way, Guillaume Village, I don't know how many houses they have, but it all flows through my property. I would ask that you please take what I'm saying. These are facts you can go talk to anybody that to back up all this. Mr. they said Mr. John appeared to talk about it. He don't know what's going on either. I mean, y'all, y'all seeing that, I seen that. He's an investment guy, he put money in. He wants to make money off of his investment. These are facts that I'm coming with you. And I would hope that you guys vote against annexing these people. Thank you so much. And if you have, do you have any questions? Because I can definitely answer any question. I've talked to a Ken stands bear. I've talked to Mr. Russell. I've talked to anybody I could to get some people to look at this. And nobody has looked at this. And what they are trying to do is. They wanted to go behind LCG because they were hoping that they talked to somebody in Young'sville so that they can come on this. And then when you're all adding on some, they can get started and all the dirt works done. Go look. It's, it's, it's an amazing what has taken place without a land disturbance permit without. That means you cannot, you have to have this before you can do this. And they didn't have it. They still don't have a mishamp on it. They have nothing. LCG has nothing. Young'sville, it's not in their hands. It's they not annexed. LCG has nothing. I just wanted to make you wear that. Is the work. Ms. Lonely has the work stopped since you're there on Syringer. When they closed the ditch and Mr. Russell went out there to himself. It stopped the next day after they dug out the next day they dug out the ditches to try to repair them back to where they were. But as I said, they made the dirt three feet higher. But when you dig a ditch and you see a little ditch, I mean, it ain't back to the original point. And that's exactly what Mr. Russell told me. They still did not give them the permit once this is all done because they're trying to figure out what the actual depth of that ditch was. And it comes on me because on the second one that they had a levy in, all the sewage from Guillaume Village runs into that sort of sewage was backing up on my big cull in the back. And then on the first one, they backed it up, which this one drains the north part of the old section of Guillaume Village. Any other questions? I have good knowledge about all this because I educated myself. And when I'm going to come, represent talking front of you guys, I'm definitely going to be educated about what I'm talking about. Because I want everybody to understand how wrong this is of all aspects. And anybody who votes for it, I don't understand how you can. In my opinion, stand up for rest right. Thank you so much. Good luck to all you guys running for your elections. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor. I really appreciate it. Thank you, Coach. I appreciate you being here this evening. Any additional public comment? Just for everyone's knowledge, I guess I just want to disclose a little bit more. Missed along. I certainly don't condone any work without a permit by any means. We have had some initial conversations, as I mentioned in this room, or maybe it was next door in 2024, when the property was under contract. I'm sorry, before it was under contract to discuss annex and annex in the property. And I have had several meetings with Mr. Shamze and Mr. John. And it is fair, Mr. Shamze, I would describe him as the principal developer. Mr. Shamze is also a civil engineer. So he's not condone anything that was done by any means. But when I talk to him about site work, particularly utilities, like water, sewer things like that, he's been very knowledgeable of them. And condone, people need to be neighborly treatment. There's nothing that excuses that by any means. We have had some discussion about his property and would it be better annexed or not. Councilman Stan's very at the parish has told me that if this were to go through the unincorporated area that there are no, we have greater standards here than. Councilman Stan's very would be able to impose in the parish. They are looking at doing some regulations that would be larger, a lot sizes and things like that. So I just wanted to point that out. I did drop by. I saw the work. But it was really initially for me in the context of looking at the Shimon Agriab that we just redid. I questioned told they were just clear and work, clear in the land. I didn't realize they were doing actually the site work with ponds and things like that. So because this property, you know, just for the public's benefit because this property is not currently annexed into the city limits. My, my earliest conversations with Mr. James, there were several developers. That property had been for sale for for some time. I had a met with a couple of developers, previous to that that were interested in acquiring the property. At the time, my concern was really having Shimon Agriab in a substandard condition. And I discussed with Mr. James, what it would take for me to be comfortable bringing it before this council. A betterment, you know, fee for that. And then over the since that time, the conversations evolved quite a bit in terms of what it would take to have adequate water pressure there. I had three main concerns. One was the condition of Shimon Agriab. Second one, what we already had worked scheduled there. I think you know, we saved the middle of the street there for a future project. At some point in the future, I don't have a timeline on it. So the road betterment. We this, this development, just from development capital fees. Assuming the build out is what Mr. John said was going to, you know, what that development capital fee cost would be to go towards upgrading our treatment plant was going to be about 900,000 plus all of the particular upgrades related to up sizing water lines to get to that area. So road concerns I had water concerns, adequate water pressure. And then finally, and this is really a more, I would say recent conversation that's intensified as we continue to develop south of Shimon Metery. I have an increased concern about funding fire protection adequately. Because that's something that in the unincorporated areas today is unfortunately just not. I don't think it's a long term answer for any type of more dense development, you know, how it's how it's currently operating. So I discussed that with Mr. Jamesy, roads, water and fire protection. And he's proposed to us to help be at the table to help solve those problems with this. That's why I was comfortable bringing it for annexation into this format. Those were just my, you know, concerns and my criteria of why I felt comfortable now bringing it forward. And I certainly respect, you know, the public's desire, the council's desire, but I just wanted to tell you what my litmus test if you would was going to be. Please. I understand you're in a pickle because what I'm hearing is he spent like $2.7 billion to buy this land and I get it. And he needs, he needs young's bill and young's bill needs him because he's going to donate land to build that fire protection that that fire building. Understand all that. Paid a waterway on the understand that. And if you don't annex, then you got to find the bill for it because it's still going to happen. Based bottom line, it's still, it's still going to happen in some kind of way. I get it, but at the same pot, at the same point, I never want to stop a man from doing what he wants on his property. That is not my, that is not my intent. My intent was how about talk to the local people. Find out. Let us all work together. Okay. Never once happened. I went over everybody. If you say young's been one over you guys, you went over LCG went over everybody. So how can we, how can we just deny that? Making work for what he is, when back some people's trust. Never has he and one y'all trust. If he has, why is it taking so much, why is it taking so long for long learning states to do something. I'm sure there was problems there that I'm not educated on to talk about, but there's only two houses in there. How long has that been a disaster? I would say, right, sometimes I would think if I knew the whole things. He's part of that. Disaster, at least the disaster. A spot don't change its color, it's ever. That's my opinion. Those are pretty accurate. Just my opinion. Well, yeah, in look, I just, I want to share with you, you know, what I know about long learning, I mean, just to tell you how the conversation shifted, I mean, and I would say if he was here, I mean, he approached me at the building next door and said, I've been trying to, been trying to call you and I was, well, how can I help you? And he said, I want to do a development. And what kind of development, he told me so, you know, next door the office was right there. So I walked in, I showed him my wall. I said, this is my development wall. He wanted to know what kind of incentives work out was I going to offer him. And I said, man, this is my development wall. My question to you is, what kind of incentives are you going to offer me for the city? And he says, well, what do you need? And that's why we have five acres that's now on Ge out road for future fire station. I will agree with you. When you first meet him, I wish you was here, you know, frankly, because when you do meet him, you know, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's a, he's unique. He is a unique guy. But, you know, I was able to turn that conversation into more of what can you do, you know, for, for the, for the city. So that's just, you know, what I know. So the, so where we're talking about doing future fire improvements is on land that he, that he donated. And I don't know that I, that I ever really made public that conversation about where the, how the land was donated or anything like that. And maybe it doesn't matter. But, you know, your, your area, South Young's is growing. It's growing. It's growing pretty rapidly. I mean, you know that. I mean, someone asked me recently, what's the, what's the future of SpaceX and Young'sville? And I said, I don't know. I said, but what I, what I, what I do know is that in 2017, we commissioned a population study. And it said in 2026, we were going to have 20,000, I think, 320 people. And believe it or not, we're probably with them by 500, you know, on target with that. And I was before SpaceX. So then I look at it, I'm like, well, goodness, you know, 2030 feels like it's, like light years ahead, but it's just around the corner. So what does this say? We're going to do in 2030. And so I don't think we're going to, I don't think we're going to have any more growth because of SpaceX. I think we're going to probably maybe the growth we were already expecting, maybe accelerated. So, you know, ultimately people like doing business with people that they are comfortable doing business with. So I do think, you know, that Mr. Shamsey probably does, you know, this is a multi-step process. I think Mr. Shamsey would probably be benefit, I think we would benefit from here and from Mr. Shamsey here. You know, to, to catch up on some of the dialogue that we've had over the last couple of years, you know, related to fire protection and water and things like that. Because look, I'll, I'll be honest, I was wondering what was going on with Longland A. Registration States for a while too. And what I'm learning, what I've learned from that is what he wanted to do was build what, what, what these million dollar homes there. I mean, it, he, that property, I guess, I mean, we saw Kane view go up in half the amount of time and it's nearly fully occupied. This developer had a different vision where he wanted it to be, you know, local builders and such. So I, I see it finally coming together. Do we, does he still have some punchless items? I want him to get back there and, and do because I don't see, you know, just, you know, it's been two years probably that we've accepted it. There is some stuff that he does need to do in there. One of his most recent requests of this was to take, was it three lots and make our two lots and make it into one. Basically combined, combined. So, to our time I lot sizes in Longland A. Registration States, what he wants to do is to take two lots and make them into one. So that way the next house could have a three car garage because he's talking to people and the more you come on up doing. Okay. Yeah. Sure, sure. Anyway, I can go on and on, but I, you know, I'm not here to convince him. I'm just, I feel obligated to share, you know, what, what I know. And I can take a moment up. I can just share with you that from my perspective, when I've asked Mr. Shamsey to contribute to the concerns that I have about growing south in our community, he needs us there as a good, as a good partner. Clearly that's not necessarily conveyed with the neighbors. So, and I look. Yeah, and I, and I hear that, you know, and you look, I've had, yeah, I mean, I can't, I cannot condone anything like that. I mean, we've had a developer to start pushing dirt here in town before. And, you know, but that you have to maintain, you know, proper drainage and it's at, it's at their risk really because when it does get to get to the approval levels, whether it's us or LCG, I mean, it's, it's at risk. I mean, you don't want to get yourself into deep of a hole. You can't dig yourself out of yourself. Yes, sir. So, Dwayne Beard, our local residents, business owner, just talking about long and air states as I guess the Mr. Casio is this developing going to be a similar design, curb and gutter as long as states. Do you think? The, the, the plans I've seen. Yes. So, concern of that for me. Yeah. I've driven through long and air states. It's partially curb and gutter and it's partially where the gutters not there. There's a swell ditch that runs to the ponds. Then I thought in Young'sville years ago, we have done away with open ditch neighborhoods. You know, it's, to me, that's not the best top quality design. Obviously, it was accepted. Yeah. Who's going to maintain those drainage easements in between homes coming from the road to me, you know, we want to live in a great, great community. You know, we should be holding, you know, our developers to the higher standards. Yeah. And I don't think in that development that, that that was met with with those type of road drainage. Yeah. Well, I'll say just relative to give Pam some cover. I mean, it was approved when, you know, when, when we had an in-house city engineer, but I just wanted to say that not that it's not meeting standards. I wanted you to. It was all designed and it was accepted as curb and gutter. Some of those ditches that you are talking about has been for their interim drainage that they're, that where they did the lot pads per say. But that's not going to continue to be in there as the houses are good. So it was all designed going to close up and put underground drainage there. No, it all has underground drainage. What they've gone back and done is opened up some curb areas to allow some relief on some of their areas and then they're changing some of the lots. So once the new house pad is going to be in that area where you see in the little swales, there's going to be house pads and then they're going to redo all of the grading of that lot. So yeah. So basically it's, it's a lot of it's due to the where to where the, the way the house pads originally were versus how they're going and the grading of the lot itself. But all of the roads are all curb and gutter and it all has subsurface drainage. Thank you. Thank you. I mean, I'm happy to answer any, any questions, you know, about, about, I think I'm saying everything that I know about it. I mean, I've had conversations with Susan about water modeling down there. I've had, I've had conversations with Pam about that. You know, we do need bless you. I mean, like, you know, we have a lot of still water projects in the works of, you know, a lot of road probably we have a lot of stuff in the works. You know, you, you made a comment that that that we need him. I don't know that I would agree with that. I mean, I think when, when I outlined, hey, these are my concerns, you know, because this is property that I was in fact during in being in the city. Here's my concerns roads, water, fire protection. I also was in fact during in revenue from that property also, you know, so because of that, you know, now it kind of did some reshifting in my mind to say, all right, well with his capital contributions. What can we do, you know, there because as it stands stands now, we do have plans to bring a additional water storage and and pressure storage and pressure sources on the southern end of our city limits. So that has to happen with with or without him. So yeah, young come on in. Mr Wilson started farming this land our land before. Yeah. And just to tell you, Mr. John, you got to listen to this. And this is this is unbelievable. I've hunted that land all my life doves and everything. And I know where the flood areas are. They lose at least seven acres before they moved any dirt because of flood. They built the retention ponds about three feet from the road on the highest part of the property. They took all the highest part of the property. And they tried to elevate it where it was not I'm no engineer. But I know that area is still going to flood and you can ask the way there's no way that water is going to come or all that cement and all that pavement and everything. And I know the way look, they'll see you don't even know, but it's but the way these plants that they already have. Five retention ponds and one supposed to go down to the other. I don't know. You say that. But I know one's going to go to another and turn another on the highest part of the properties is where they did the retention ponds. Unbelievable. Where they ditch that they covered. I could walk in there. Water over my knees. I'm six foot six foot one over my knees. That's what that's what that's what Mr. John and them. I told him I told him. He better come talk to me one day and learn this property before you ever come do it. Because you don't know where the floods is and in the back to when I tell you he couldn't go harvest that land that that extractors would sink. But I just want to let you know this is this is the type of he's an engineer I get it. And he's a lot smarter than me in the land. But not on that land. Promise. Thank you. Thank you. I just had a couple of things I jotted down. I did take the liberty. I printed out the meeting minutes from May 9th of 2024 when we first introduced this. It was a unanimous vote to go ahead with the proceedings of the annexation this property. Upon the requirements of the Alamo administration is actually motion by Simone and the second of my mat. It was unanimous vote except for Mr. Nylon. He wasn't on council time. But reviewing those meeting minutes and then going back to today. I do it really would you say there should be a lot more dialogue between Mr. Shamze and the Jason Landowners. I don't know Mr. Russell without the G. I would like to talk to him and want to know why they didn't stop the sooner. Because people in young people gossip and talk 24 seven and there's no way that they didn't know about it. But just just a fair point. I don't know him. I don't think he lied to you. He may have said verbatim to you what she told us today. But I just find it odd that they didn't stop him sooner. That be the point. But like I told you earlier, whether it happens tonight whether we annex him or not, there will be a sudden vision there. And I would rather have it in our hands where we have higher standards and regulations than L.C.G. does. Then you end up with 1,500 homes behind your house that are built with lower standards and drainage standards that are way lower than what we're able to handle. And then you be dealing with L.C.G. I'd rather have that within our hands of grass that does that here. I did ask him about the long and average estate subdivision. I want to know what was so slow. And he kind of referenced to me similar to kind of organ plantation. How even today, there's still lots in there that they're consolidating to go larger homes, but quality versus quantity. Kind of the same concept. I think that's what's taken off so slow. And he did, I believe, deal with D.O.T.D. with his turning lane for what felt like a like a six to 12 months would it seem like. You did mention, I guess I'll echo with the mayor said, I don't necessarily think that we need Mr. Shamze or the development to the city. But I, but if he's willing to offer a pizzone, his own dollars to enhance whether it be water infrastructure and fire protection versus we have to go to the taxpayers. I'm all about it. I think that's a huge cost savings just from my standpoint. We could, we could make that happen in years to come somewhere down the line. We'll figure it out. But if he's willing to contribute that to me, that's a huge asset. But I wish that like I said, I wish there would have been more dialogue up to this point. I guess between the landowners adjacent to the development. But I have seen this product that I have spoken in personally and the product that he's that he's bringing to the table, almost a John is exceptional. As from the entrance of the roads to the signage to the quality of the homes that he wants to bring in. He's having several meetings. I'm not a builder. I can't answer that question. I have no idea. I mean, personally, I'm I live in a DSLD for the last decade. And I purchased that home for 213,000 for reference. And it was top. It was quality domain. But. Yeah, I mean. I agree. Well, we in recent the last 12 months, we've we've approved loss that were sold in that. In fairness, this council is a pretty smaller. So just just for that. But I do think with inflation in today's society, I don't think that I don't think our taxpayers can afford homes that are not everybody. There are some who can and look, nothing to knock anybody else. But it kind of goes back to the other point that if this gets annexed, we have the ability to control that. And this is just annexation that once the the plots become available, we have the ability to dictate. It's not like that. But the problem is that we have the right to make a choice is in everything else in their one. But if we don't, that, you know, L.C.G. has full full grasp on that. I'm just going to kind of piggyback off what Wendy said, but. Here in everything that's taken place with the land. delay in shutting it down with LCG is alarming. You brought up so many ballot points that was just kind of mind-blowing for me. To me that should have been shut down like that. Seeing how slow they were with that. Well, yeah, they didn't know, but then they found out and then it still seemed like there was issues with it. They kind of go by what Councilman Lindy said. I'm not, I'll just asking you directly is, would you prefer for us to have say so and how this development is going to go and be able to put our standards on it versus us not having any ability. And to be 100% perfectly honest, I don't know what standard is better. I really don't like to say what the ordinance are for homes, land sizes, house sizes. I don't know the difference between Lafayette Paris and Youngsville. So I can't I can't answer that effectively. I mean, I've heard I've heard with the mayor just said we have stronger standards. I understand that. Which I would like that. But the only thing. And if you do move forward with that annexation, I will say this. I know doubt. Want to be annexed the next day that he's annexed as well. Because I will try to be on that council. And I know a lot, a lot of people. And I would never I would never reward a man who did the wrong thing. If he can win back the trust and provide me with something. And I know what I know Mr. Bogliano say I know, I coached him. I mean, I know, but they know what I'm about to. But I just believe in having standards. And I believe in holding people accountable. And this was this was not done. We can say all this about. And I don't even know, Mr. Chanson, but I would definitely whether he's sitting right here or wherever he's at. And technically, if he wants this so bad. Like, Mr. Arts running for chief. He's running for chief David ways running. He's here. If you want something so bad, shouldn't you be here standing up for it? Make sure question doesn't I'm no dumb. But it makes you question. Yeah, in fairness, I'll say that generally when an item is just introduced, we. I don't want to say I don't want to give normally, but generally stuff's introduced. And we normally get into like a lot deeper conversations at the time of adoption. Well, they send Mr. John. I think Mr. John is just in best. He can't really answer the question. Yeah, I know, but but knowing what I walked into today, I would have certainly. I agree with you. I would prefer to have, you know, and I think he would prefer to be here himself, you know. So I want to accept responsibility. If I said like, oh, it's it's twice, you know, it's it's I don't want to describe this as procedural because we listen to public comment before. And I appreciate that. I think you know, and look, I. Some some bodies think introduction. They'll even introduce all the ordinances together for introductory. You know, unless something specifically pulled, but, you know, I'll stay here as long as you need to talk about it. So I'd like no matter what the, no matter what happens with the council, I'd like to help facilitate something not that I, you know, I'm. But respect. Thank you. That's it. That's it. You know, because, you know, I just thinking back. I mean, I. I enjoy here and perspectives of everybody. You know, and I always, you know, caution. Try to be cautious. Like am I sharing the perspective that I have, you know, because I'm looking at his development of like long and a rigid states, the 4.4 acres on the corner that he keeps manicured. And we, at that time, we didn't have a requirement. He could have built houses up to the, up to the corner there. You know, went into later that we said, oh, no, you look major arterio. You got to back off of that. I don't think we considered. Gea that far down. I might be wrong, but I think he, he saved that corner. You know, just his he had visions down there. I'm going to say probably greater than I did. So yeah, I'm sorry he's not here. And you know, the other thing. So we do need to talk. We do need a. I want to disclose to you too that I've had conversations, very short conversations, but there's two other parcels of property down. Gea and I far from you. That people have reached out here. I don't, I think one of them. I don't even take the meeting for it. I just said I'm not interested in hearing it right now. And then a second one. Yeah, that's playing. Gea saw his property. Okay. And of course, the street. But he's trying to sell it for 50,000 an acre. 40 acres. There's one developer that has blown me up, blown Pam up, and then getting friends to call friends. Because they. That's a hot area. No, I know. I know. Oh, they're trying to buy mine. Yeah. And the only reason, the only reason I'm still talking about this one is because I know we started the conversation back in May of 2024. But to have more dialogue with other property, actually one of them. I want to tell you this. One of them is one of the parcels is contiguous to the city limits today. Anyone to know if we would serve a water. And I said, well, why is your question? I would we annex you? And he says, well, you know, your your your fees and this and that and this. So I was like, he was he was very respectful. But it was like, no, I just. He didn't want to be part of the community. He just wanted what only we could give him. So that's why that didn't go very far. The conversations with Mrs. Shamsey. I just went y'all to formulate your own, you know, opinions when you meet him and hear from him. Because when I say, hey, this is what I'm going to need. He's come up with more. I said I needed an acre far, far station. He said, take five. Now, I know some of it is low. It's a low part of the property. But I will tell you the benefit of taking five did because now Susan's got us designed elevated water storage tower on Dayton. But an elevated tower kind of like we have here, but much higher. It's pretty expensive. But we can we need a storage source down there for pressure. So we're looking at even running options of putting a water storage tank on the five acres that he donated. So I'm like, wow, I kind of worked out. I was maybe being short side of us and I needed like an acre for the. Had I had I settled on the acre for the fire station. We'd be in the same situation with the one on bone and like a postage stamp. You know, so anyway, I'm not here to convince anybody. I want to I want to develop to do their own selling. I find that my obligation is you want to be part of the city. This is this is what it's going to take. And you know, when when they tell me okay. I don't know what else to say other than let these, you know, bring bring to the public. You know what's going, you know, what what what's been discussed and what they offer is. I appreciate it. I want to just get include Pam in it because I think she may have some insight. Yeah, I mean, whether the council decides to annex and Brian, I can tell you, of course, we've known each other. No, 50 years. Okay. But I remember sitting in the back when the council and the previous administration went to approve St. David's code. And your mom and Miss Crater, we're in the audience worried about it flooded their property. Well, I can assure you that me and Lucas were that developers biggest nightmare. That is why that pond is so big because not only did they have to do the detention requirements because I live here because I knew how much. I made them put an additional volume of six inches over the whole 50 acres. I took that value and stacked that made the detention ponds bigger. Should they should the council decide to annex it. It comes through my office for drainage. Mr. Mark can also say when they did Southern trails next to his dad's property and the Seamal property. We went out there. He showed us some things out there. Let us know. We will be with you and go out there. I have a letter to 2016. I have lived here all my life. I know what it is. And there is nothing I hate more than someone blocking drainage and everybody that knows me and this council and the administration knows that. So, I can't say how in depth L.C.G. will be. I can tell you that when they accept the subdivision, when L.C.G. does accept the subdivision, they don't accept perpetual maintenance at the very beginning. They will start selling lots and they won't commit to fixing the drainage or whatever until all things are done. We don't sell lots until the drainage and everything. Like we have a process that we explain. We accept final flat before they can sell a single lot. They have to meet all our conditions. We don't let them kick the can down the road. You are still able to start selling lots and get a final flat without L.C.G. accepting perpetual maintenance on a drainage. That's not how we are. And we are not accepting perpetual maintenance on drainage that doesn't meet the standards of what we want. And I have an equal opportunity offender. And if the pond doesn't meet, I don't care if it's done now. If it doesn't meet, they're going to dig it the right way. So it is that if they choose to annex, it is at risk because it will be modified if it does not meet our standards. We haven't seen, I have not looked at the drainage study, but it will meet our standards. I can assure you that. The part that the first lateral that they close up, they put a dirt road about this high over that ditch. It's like a levy. Now, Mr. Do you don't dug it out? But it ain't to the original one where it was supposed to be. And it's supposed to go south. You guys come get in and ask them, you would have no knowledge about that ditch. I did that ditch was before. And then now you're going to say, okay, we annex, but you got to be this size, but you don't know what happened before that before every dirt was moved. You don't know how low it was. What they did in St. David's cold with that cool and made that pond. That's what they should have did there and leave the high part instead of moving all his dirt and paint for this. That didn't make sense. That was the way that was supposed to be done. But they didn't under the darkness of everyone. No one knew what was happening. Linda said they probably knew according to Mr. Russell compliance and LCG planning commission. No one knew anything about it. That's what I was told. This our leaders, the first person that I talked about it, she looked it up on a computer. She said she didn't know nothing about it. Then she sent me to compliance and then Mr. Russell didn't know about it. When I made them aware of it, they went, they didn't stop. They worked around the clock. They were trying to be that little storm that came in and they got all done. Then it's all done. And then now they stop because guess what is done. I'm pretty sure there's some available lidar data that would give us so many things that we need. And we would look at that. Again, we would look at all that during the time process. I asked Mr. Russell. I said, so what is the fine foot is. You know, it happens all the time in this parish. People moving dirt in the unaccomprated areas under the darkness of LCG. It happens. And I'm aware of that. But I called it. And I made everybody aware of it. And that's why we are where we are today. So, but I look, I don't get mad at how everybody anybody votes. I don't, I don't, they have their right to do that. What do I like? Maybe the way you know, but I'm here to voice the concerns and facts. And if, if I know that my land is up for something, I don't care if it's the little pebble that was moved. I'm going to help push it along if I want something to be done. That's the, you know me. That's the way I work. I don't, I don't sure if I'm golden and I'm, I'm about a book. So, and that's the only, that's why we hear that's why me and Twain are here really. I think they smashed all the sugar king that he never got paid off. You know, I'm not angry, but I would, I would think that's kind of accurate a little bit. But just to say that's, that's the, that's what it is. And I would just, I don't know, I would make them. Yeah, it wants to be an ex, but I would just make them work for that. My pain. I appreciate you so much for letting me come talking, educating me a little more, which now I'm listening because I'm like a sponge when I don't know nothing. I can see your standards are higher than L.C.G. standards. But know what you're getting yourself into if you annex before you got into it to know how bad it is because if it floods and floods my property, I'm coming with the first lawsuit. I'm a beat of first, I can afford a lawyer. I'm a beat of first law, because when you build a subdivision, you have seven years. I know that to the date that if within that seven year timeframe, I flood, I'm on you. That's a fact. I mean, I, because the guy I've been just built on the side of my mom almost flooded when they flooded. So I found out what the timeframe is to flood it's seven years. So I do know that. So you are, you may be getting something into something that you're not aware of, and it could bite you in a butt six years later. Well, he, I'm not looking for any more work to do, but he, they may have started, but if it becomes incorporated in the city limits of young so we, we will finish it. We were going to, I mean, it's going to become our problem or are, you know, there won't be a permit for a, for a final plat won't be recorded unless it, unless it's reviewed and done properly. Benjamin sent me one. They got the plat that do you know what's just to say do you know what's following the plat that they got a, Benjamin sent me a picture of it. I don't know how he got it, you know, and there's nobody knows about none of it. That's the thing. So, but thank you. Thank you. Yeah. I mean, we, we, we, we've been this too much to pop and I know y'all got this. Okay. You brought up a, you, you brought up a memory I thought of when, when, when we were listening to St. David's cove that developers were, I'm going to say cutting up. And, you know, we heard from the neighbors about what happens on that land right there in the developer to this day still refers to the St. David cove pond as the Atlantic Ocean. He always said, you may be build the Atlantic Ocean. I said, go over there during a, on an, on an event that Atlantic Ocean is that long, linear road. But what's interesting headed up in for the local knowledge and the conversation of the people in the surrounding area, because that was an unstudied zone X. So it's, oh, zone X, not a flood zone. Well, it was just unstudied. But we required the study and all that type of stuff. So the standard of care was much greater because of the conversations and the local knowledge and, and our insistence, you know, on, on getting it right because. Yeah, I, that would have been a disaster there had we not had the Atlantic Ocean. And then, and then also that, that neighborhood reminds me a lot because I wanted to have a sidewalk on, on, on, on, on, on, on road down there. Oh, that's in the middle of nowhere. Nothing's ever going to happen out there and look at it today. I mean, I can't like, I'm not even taking all the calls from people trying to do development down there just because I think it's we, we good. You know, so anyway. Yeah, we all finished it up, but I guess I, I feel we're calling Mr. Longlander coaches always been so it's always coached to me. But I always had to give the credit where it's due. If it wasn't for the administrators and teachers that I had grown up, I would be here today, be, you know, being taught integrity, loyalty, you know, drive and, and hard work was really what got me here today. So I want to thank you for that. But I will, I guess I'll kind of revamp the, this is just the introduction. So if we can, I'll give shames and call myself and see if you can try to be here for next month's meeting, because this is just the introduction. It won't actually get adopted to be incorporated in the state limits until next month and try to have him here or try to at least have a meeting with you or some conversation beforehand about to, to at least line that up as possible. Before we go forward with the actual vote next month. If that's possible. I'll try to facilitate that to the rest of my abilities and I'll get with John as well. Thank you. In any other public comment anyone else wishing to address the council relative to this. All right. Then what's the, what's the pleasure of the council? We already did. All right. Thank you. If there's no further public comment, call the vote, please. Ms. Farad. No. Mr. Bojana. Yes. Mr. Nyland. Yes. No. Motion failed. So what we can do, since we have a council member absent, we, we can discuss, you know, bringing it back and. So we'll, we'll regroup and see where we go, you know, from here or what if it, if it would change it, if it changes it, if not, I don't know. It's way too soon for me to know what that looks like. So. Yeah. I just. I don't want it to end with being able to you to have conversations, though, because just because it doesn't. It's not moving here. For me, it's still a problem, because it's a problem, it's a problem for you. It's a problem for everybody that lives out there. And so walking away from it, it's like, okay, well, we're not taking responsibility for it, but it's still going to impact you. It's still going to impact everybody that lives right there. I want to still have a conversation. Yeah. Right. Right. I think we still need to have the conversation. Like, at least we can facilitate some type of way. I don't feel good walking away from this without knowing that they're going to be able to have conversations. Well, I would encourage all to and be because. But we'll see the limits outside the city limits coach. I mean, you, you. As much if not more young, so then I am. So, I mean, we're not, we're not, we don't have a city limits on right there. You know what I mean? So, you know, shop here, you're all a part of the community. So regardless of what happens. I mean, I. Would like the opportunity to see it through, because no matter what happens. So just say our fire department's going to be expected to respond there and so forth. So we do need to be in a driver's seat more whether it's incorporated or not. And if you have an active, you know, an active, you know, an active, you know, so if you're going to find, you're going to be delighted that it really comes to my health, why do you find it's not an active, you know? You get, well, you get the same, you'll get the, we respond as it's fast. We just, we put them in place because LCG has refused to increase the money to the, to Paris fire protection, which we, we, we opted to sit 50% of the staff and we don't. There's no, there's no property, millage tax currently in Paris, the pace for fire protection and the Paris gives us pennies and the dollar and the way that they just distributed it to me was flat out disrespectful, but it's a conversation right on the day. But yeah, but you're going to get the same top notch quality service from the same fire photos here in the city. We're garlics in the same, in the same time response as a matter where the inner out, now the, the quantities will change. Just that you get in six, you're going to get three. I would love to have you part of the city. But unfortunately, I just have to come back for the discussion and we'll have to talk amongst the council because I'm not sure what change from 29th, 2024 to today. It was unanimous then and now it's a fail. Well, the facts are here unanimous of this facts back in 24, but today it's a fail. So what the discuss? Yeah. You guys understand what happened to that? No, no, no, no. No one ever brings us up. No, no. We'll help facilitate. Well, it sounds like you have commitment from the two councilmen, councilmen to perfect. Yeah, the, the, I just, I just measured it, the, the proposed fire station property if we ever, if we're able to build one there's 4,600 feet away. So it's close. So all right. That's, that's, I'm trying. Trying. All right, agenda item 8.2's ordinance 519, 2026 in ordinance of the city of Young Zooloiziana mending the code of ordinances, chapter 130, land use regulations as it relates to regulations of bars, lounges and nightclubs, motion by councilmembers, champagne, and second by councilmember Volgiano. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? All right. There's no public comment. I will go ahead and proceed to the vote, please. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Nilem, yes. Mr. Champagne? Yes. Miss Barrett? Yes. Motion for. All right. I'll go to Susan, please. And then chief, if you have anything to add, you're welcome to. So. All right. All right. So on highway 89, we're working still on phase 1b, finishing up transitions, going to bring in select in that area, trying to get the remaining part of the northbound lanes to complete. Fortune road, we accepted that. They're still in their, their lean period, but they have finished their punch list. Highway 89, phase 2, we are 60% complete with design. We've been working with the utility companies on their relocations and working with the contractor on the estimates so that we can get it to a position to start the contract for phase 2, which of course is from Saverpalms area to just pass grip and road coming towards city hall. Larivier road, they are finishing up transitions for the portion that is from Hill Ridge all the way to highway 92 to where they can finish that roadway work. And then they will, the last piece they will do is the second bridge, which is the bridge just north of Highland Ridge that right now we have a 60 inch culvert for that lateral. So that will be the last piece of the Larivier road. I think they were supposed to be finished within a few weeks and that's been pushed back. So they're adding another 50 days, I think is what they said, that it would take mainly for the bridge. The left turn lanes, we have completed all of the roadway work. We are working on completing the ditch section in the area of AMP electrical and we do have some striping and some truncated domes that are coming in for the curve and for the area that do not make a left turn area. The striping contract that you guys approved last month, we received the contracts and today and brought those to the cold mayor's side and we're going to get those recorded, we're working on a pre-construction. We will start that project after the pre-cong will get a firm date but we are going to start first with the left turn lanes on Savvowat Road and on Ocean Spulavard to facilitate that part of the traffic in that area and then go to Shumaymetri after that. Highway 92 roundabout is 90% complete with design. We're working to see what are some of the small areas if any of right away that we would need with the design. We are working on the SIGWAT project and we are working on the SIGWAT project. We are waiting on the SIGWAT project so we can then start the design. Thank you. All right. Thank you, Susan. Any questions for Pam? On the wastewater treatment plant, there are about 47% complete. 35% of the SBR walls will be poured tomorrow. They should be complete with the walls by the end of October weather permitting. The headwork's concrete should be complete by the end of next week. Borescreen, part of the grit removal and part of the SBR equipment have been delivered. Once the concrete is cured, they'll begin equipment installation. All the site piping remains as well as the flow distribution box, sampling manhole and site work. On the filter water treatment plant filter addition, the filter is being constructed, the delivery is expected in February. The work should be completed by May. On the Sugar Mill Pond pump station upgrade, we're completing the plans and waiting on funding, pump station five, same thing finalizing the plans and waiting funding. On the pump station upgrades for pump stations eight and 17, which is the Boja Dan and Feelcrass pump stations. We had the pre-construction meeting last week and we're reviewing some metals of the pump equipment and controls. All right. Any questions for Susan? Okay. And you help them with pricing maybe for the elevated tower. Lovated tank. Yeah. I'm getting the finalizing and getting some more options for the tanks. So we should get that in the next week. All right. Perfect. And maybe if you have a preference of whether the force man of 14 or upgrading pump station five, in case we have the opportunity to do one of the other. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just food for the one. Okay. We'll do. All right. Thanks Susan. Thank you. She prevent. Good evening, Mayor and Council. I'm sure you remember about this time last year we had come to y'all for a resolution to open up a fire prevention program. It took a long time. But August 31st we were finally approved. Our marshes office had gone through a lot of changes and there was issues around the whole state with our prevention bureaus. So before they allowed any other programs to open up to want to get everything straight. But we're now moving forward with it. We continue doing the pre fire plans from that moment. Now we will be able to start doing building inspections, which will help our local businesses stay on track. Not lose money with fines. We will do the inspections. We'll give you so much time to fix the problem. We will reinstate you. If it's still not fixed, then we report you to the fire marshal. And that's where their trouble will come in. We're hoping to keep all our businesses out of trouble. I'm excited about it. It's a huge win. It's a huge step forward for the fire department. It is, but you also helped because you reached out to our new fire marshal Chatzonier right after I spoke to him. When he got the position, I told him you have two weeks to give me an answer. We actually got it nine days. But the mayor had met up with him at a 911 meeting. So we're moving forward now. Yes, sir. And yesterday we did introduce Inspector Reyes to our permitting team to get him included in what we call the workflow. Like when there's a new build out a change of occupancy. Not to be careful. I have an introduction. That guy. He's going to come after. But he's actually the perfect guy for the job. I think he's a great fit. So excited about it. And I think he's. He's going to provide a great benefit for the businesses and we've got him looped in with permitting. So that way it'll become seamless. So thank you. Appreciate you. Haley. You know it. First of all, former's market is this Saturday from eights in a unit. Foster Park. We have some new vendors. Actually, so I think we've got about 20 altogether and probably like five of them haven't been there before. So great time to come out and see what our vendors have at the farmers market. Also, couple chamber events. I want to talk about that are coming up on the 24th of this month is the empowering women connection. So it's open to any ladies. There's going to be some. This one is on like marketing and you know how to help build your business and build your brand. So it'll be a great topic for anyone, any of the females, women business owners that want to learn more. Go on to the Chambers website and you can register. The link is there for that. Also, these are a little further down the road, but I want to bring them up. Youngsoil is hosting its very first career fair at the sports complex on November the 10th. It is jointly hosted between us and the chamber. So please, if you know of any businesses that are hiring, looking to find the candidates, please ask them to register. The link again is on the Chambers website. We will be sharing more about it, but we are hoping to have a great turnout of folks looking to find employment as well as a great event for our community businesses to be able to find the talent that they need to fill their positions. And also the Chamber Golf Tournament is on November 20th. So you want to get your team together, come and play the course at LaVochine. We'd love to have you out there. We also are accepting sponsors or looking for sponsors. So if you're business would like to get in front of a bunch of golfers out on the course, please reach out to Jamie at the Chamber and get your sponsorship in. But also teams before we are looking for teams to sign up as well. So come and do that and then I don't think I need to say it, but I'm going anyway. Saturday is the little big town concert. We do so have a few tickets available. So if you haven't got your ticket yet, looks like the rain will clear out hopefully in time. You know, no, no meteorologist, but often the meteorologist don't get it right anyway. So we're hoping that the weather clears out in time and that we will have an awesome concert. Thea Lissi, who is a young soul business owner. She also is a current Miraball winner for Dancing with the Stars. She is opening up the show at 630 and then followed by Kylie Fry. If you haven't heard of Kylie Fry, she's an opalysis native. So from right here homegrown in a KD and she is making it real big on the Nashville scene right now. She actually just recorded a co-wrote and recorded a song with Reba McIntire that was just released. So she should be a phenomenal opener for little big town. She takes a stage at 730 and then little big town will come one at 830. The doors open at 530 so get there early. We've got quite a few food trucks. The bar will be open. So please come out, support our little youngs who will concert event. And thanks to Pam for always stepping up and being one of our presenting sponsors again this year. We appreciate your support and also thanks to Miles Perret, who is our other presenting sponsor. Miles Perret Kings or Services. Thank you. And thank you for a third successful year of the restaurant promotion. So appreciate that. Thanks. Yeah, we wish we had a few more past parts turned in. I know of some people that were eating sweet that I saw posts that I did not see a passport far. So I'd like to be able to count your restaurant visits. So if anybody does still have their passport hanging out and wants to turn it in, I'd appreciate it so that I can let the restaurants know how many visits they got thanks to the program. But we definitely had from what I've already received. It's over a thousand restaurant visits from each restaurant. Thank you, Hayley. Appreciate it. Any other, any council announcements? Councilmember Nilem. I don't have an announcement. I just wanted to apologize to Mr. Gabriel Lewis and Mr. Ard-Leverton for my tardiness in missing you. Being able to address the council had some childcare issues that sprung up on me. So I do apologize for that. Thank you. Hey, what was the date? I'm sorry for the swinging. The gold tournament. November 20. Towards. All right. Any other announcements? All right. If not, I'll entertain a motion to adjourn, please. All right. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second by Mr. Nilem. All in favor. Meeting adjourned. Have a great evening. Thank you all. One main point. It's got a multiplayer one. Yeah. Yeah.