 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you the Thank you, Mayor. Let's pray together. Father, we thank you for this day you've given to us. And Father, first of all, we thank you for your love, for the gift of life and the gift of being able to enjoy everything that you've given to us. And Father, we want you to know this evening how much we love you. Tonight, Lord, we celebrate all the blessings that you've given to us. Lord, one of those blessings is to be able to live in this city and to be able to serve your people. And so tonight, Lord, we give you gratitude for that. Lord, we pray for the needs and the struggles of those who are in this room, those who are watching the livestream, for the residents of Youngspeale, for those who are hurting or going through a crisis or a struggle. We thank you, Lord, that you're the God of all comfort. We thank you, Lord, you're sufficient. Your strength is enough. We pray that you'd be with every person this evening. Father, as we meet, we pray for unity, we pray for wisdom. Father, we pray for vision. Take us places that we've never even dreamt up to this point, but Lord, that you're guiding us and you're showing us for the direction you want us to give. We thank you for our mayor. We thank you for all of our leaders. We thank you for all the residents. We pray for your blessings on them. And we pray this in your matchless name, amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the light of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. One nation under God, indivisible, liberty and justice for all. Like to also ask that everyone keep the family of the Tibo family, Miss Delma Tibo, in your prayers, just a tragic incident that happened over the past week with her and just wishing her family peace as they move through the next step. So, Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barrett, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, Mr. Nile and his absent tonight, Ms. Shampine. Kia. All right, thank you, Nicole. Mr. Charles A. Bears here this evening with Lafayette, Parrish, the AgCenter to give us his annual update. How you doing, sir? Thank you all, doing well. Thank you all for allowing me to come and give you all the annual report. Normally, we do this with LCG and school board and we've been getting out to all the municipalities just so the community as a whole knows the services that the LSU AgCenter offers. So, first of all, I want to begin Charles A. Bear, Parrish Chair, County Agent with the LSU AgCenter. For those that may not know, we are located at 1010 Lafayette Street in the Parrish Government building and I'll go through our annual report and share the services that our office offers here in Lafayette Parrish. So, for those that may know, the LSU AgCenter is a three-way partnership where the Louisiana Cooperative Extension Service and we're a three-way partnership that was developed back in 1914 with the Smith-Leaver Act. So, we're part of the federal government, then part of the Lane Grant University and then Louisiana there too, LSU and Southern and then we're funded by the local government in each Parrish and in our Parrish that is the Lafayette Consolidated Government and the Lafayette Parrish School System. We have major programming and three major programming areas. They are Ag and Natural Resource, Nutrition and Community Health and 4-H and for those that may not realize the Ag and Natural Resource Programs, anything from best management practices, these are all trainings that do occur within our office. Burn manager trainings, recertification, there's bull saleness evaluations, we do emergency preparedness, many of the content they'll call, they have problems with some grass or something in the yard, we do soil samples, send them off to the LSU Salt S lab, there's a mastiforme or there's a mastigardiner program, there's a mastahorsement, we do, as I mentioned, soil sampling, ford sampling, pesticide applicator classes, we control recommendations, so pretty much anyone that either a homeowner or has a small form or a large form, there's probably some service available with the LSU Ags in there. In addition, there is our Lafayette Mastigardiner program, there are about 300 mastigardiners that are certified currently conducting outreach in the program throughout the Parrish, even though we're a Lafayette program, we're really a hub for all the five parishes that connect to Lafayette because people come to Lafayette to take the program, and those volunteers do community outreach of over 12,000 hours a year, and that estimated value is over 350,000 that they give back to the community. I mean, that's through plant sales, through outreach, so we'll go on and nutrition and community health, our FNEP is expanded foods and nutrition programs, they do programs, let's eat for the health of it, there's summer nutrition programs, there's general nutrition programs, and we also have a house partner, and they specialize in resilience and disaster preparedness lessons, and if you're not familiar, there is a Lahouse Model Home on the LSU campus, and there's a website that focuses on how to build homes more resilient that will sustain the weather we deal with in many cases in the summer, so that's another research-based pilot home that's on the LSU campus. And then in 4-H, we are non-formal, co-curricular, 4-H programs and 55 schools and Lafayette Parish, many of those in Young's Hill, we all have clubs, whether they are public schools, charter schools, home schools, our focus this past year has been on life skill development, our traditional audience is about 1493 members in the traditional club setting, and then we do school enrichment, which we're reaching over 7,000 members. Health Rocks is one of the programs to highlight and school gardens. We had a cook off this past week. I wanna thank Shannon for stepping in for another elected official that was out sick, so she participated on Marshall B.O.'s cookoff team, so thanks again for joining us. You can go to the next slide. Health Rocks is a national curriculum that reduces the use of tobacco alcohol and drugs among our teams. It's year two of the middle schools, so all 11 Lafayette Parish school system schools in the parish, we're reaching over 6,000 youth through life skill development and decision-making skills, and it's to teach young people how they can make better decisions for themselves based on situations they put themselves in, with drugs and alcohol peer pressure, and we'll talk more about this, and this is a partnership with your police department, the resource officers, through the Lafayette Parish Sheriff's Department and all the four municipalities that each have a middle school, they are helping serve as a resource along with the school counselors and the administration to collectively have a organized system to address these issues, not just the PE teachers, because that's how it's implemented, but now we've trained the teachers, the PE teachers, the principals, the assistant principals, this past summer we trained the resource officers and the counselors, so now it's a systematic approach of dealing with these issues at each of the schools. And as I mentioned, School Garden Initiative, it started back and we're on our 17th year of school gardens. We did have our cook-off as I mentioned this past weekend, but the goal of the program is to help kids learn how to eat healthier, how to manage their own food, how to shop when they go to grocery store, we do grocery store tours, even some adults don't know, you should shop on the perimeter, not in the middle, because everything in the middle, you know what happens to the food in the middle? It's processed, yeah, a lot. So whatever you can eat, that's a freshest, that's what you need to eat that produce and we're teaching young people that in the school system when our school gardens and realize when they grow their own produce, they will eat what they grow. So many of the parents, our kids don't eat that, but after they participate in the program, they eat things that they didn't before and then they want the parents to cook at home, or they will cook it after they've been through some cooking classes they cook for their parents. So you can go on to the next slide and just so, you know who we are in the mission of the LSU Ag Centers to help the people Louisiana improve their lives through educational process, which uses research-based knowledge, focusing on issues and needs within each of the communities. And we wanna finish the National 4H Council, came to Lafayette and did a national video and we'll end with this video. Maybe. The pictures are pretty. It's okay. But anyway, National 4H Council came to Lafayette. The interviews, students and teachers from four schools. So the focus dawn impact of the program and nine of our facilities that the survey said they feel like they could say no if they were approached for either drugs or alcohol based on skills to increase their decision making. We know that because of all these things that they're beyond ready for anything that life can throw at them. Good night. Being 14 in this world is very stressful because you don't know what's coming for you and the world is just changing so much. It hurt me to see paraphrasing and bullying. I've learned that bullying and pre-pressure has made lots of kids my age fallen to drug abuse. I like to help the Rocks lessons because it's lessons that the kids need to hear about. They need to hear about vaping, bullying and all those kind of things. They're learning how to be advocates for themselves and for somebody else. Lafayette is a very family oriented, very close knit community. With 4H Health Rocks and Lafayette Parish, we're seeing that these lessons are allowing our youth to increase their decision making. We know that because of all these things that they're beyond ready for anything that life can throw at them. Lafayette Parish is in the heart of Louisiana. Our people make us. There is a real sense of community here and a real sense of caring, especially for our young people. Building a community for our young people to be here is really at the root of all of the decisions we make in the government. In anything that we do here in education, it's about what is it that we're trying to accomplish? And when we talk about health rocks, we're referring to a curriculum that no doubt is going to be something that kids are going to be able to use later on in life. You have to equip them with the tools that they need. 4H Health Rocks has really helped us to get to a point where kids are making good, healthier decisions. Really, the goal is to fold. And one is substance prevention and life skill development. Our goal is to teach those kids beyond their years and 4H. We want them to take what they've been exposed to and take that spark, whatever it may be, and whatever project area to carry that through to become positive people, members of their society through the Health Rocks program. So we're in 12 middle schools in Lackett, Parish. We're reaching 6,500 youth. And having a district level school system buy in to the 4H Health Rocks program, the difference that it can make in their culture, in the lessons affecting the way that they think, the way that they interact with one another, as well as their teachers, it's been incredible. We launched this in the summer of 2023. The difference is we've incorporated the principles, the resource officers and now guidance counselors into the whole community approach. Mr. Charles A. Bear came to me and presented this to me. It goes right along with everything we want to do here, especially middle schools. Middle school, the kids are getting introduced to all sorts of things, social media, they're just getting phones. The mental health is an issue, the vapings an issue, and all the things that are involved in the 4H Health Rocks program just fit right into what we want in the year school. The Health Rocks curriculum helps us bring the information to the front lines of the community, directly to the classroom for the student. The more that these kids know, the more they're informed. We don't want to scare the kids into doing the right thing. We want to give them the proper information so that they can make informed decisions. Today we're going over my empowered self. You actually want to achieve those goals. If you can visualize it, doesn't it push you to want to get better? If I can see, I want to be a doctor when I get older. You have to be smart, you have to have good grades, you have to study, I can't get in trouble, can I? No, so I have to do the things that I want to stay out of trouble. When their confidence grows because one of these lessons, it's like really heart wanting to see that they are understanding what we're doing and how we're doing it and seeing that we really care about them. We want them to be the best they can be. During Health Rocks, I'm willing to say no. I got a lot of confidence after the classes. To me Health Rocks means that health is important. I think every school should have for a child for a child. We have seen incredible results. 95% of the students that we surveyed, they feel comfortable that if they're in an environment where others are drinking, they don't have to partake. Really where our kids are excelling, they're teaching their peers. Forage Health Rocks is part of a fact that a lot of different efforts that we put forward in Lafayette. We have seen a decrease in crime. We have put so many different pieces in place, including forage Health Rocks, that there has to be a connection between a drop in crime and that the programs were implementing like forage Health Rocks. So thank you. Each have a packet with a copy of this PowerPoint and I and your report. So if you'll have any questions, we'll be in touch based on another conversation in the coming week. Appreciate it. And thank you for everything that you do for the community. We so pleasure working with you, Charles. Thank you. All right. The next agenda item, proud to have Mr. Lance Strother here this evening to tell us about HopeFest 2026. Thank you all very much and I appreciate the opportunity to take a few minutes to share with you a little bit about what HopeFest is and why we're so excited to have it in Young'sville. I am the Director of Adult Ministry and Outreach at St. Thomas Moore and have been the coordinator of HopeFest Music Festival for the last 20 years. And we are going into our second year of having our HopeFest Music Festival here in Young'sville. We're going to have a great pleasure and honor to work with Mayor Ken Ritter and Haley and the park staff on getting it here. Just a little bit about HopeFest. The mission of HopeFest is to serve our neighbors most in need in a KDN by empowering young people to be the hands and feet of Christ and to go out and be the servant leaders that are delivering the service. So HopeFest tries to rally the community around young people led by juniors at St. Thomas Moore who volunteer their time on average 100 to 150 juniors just voluntarily elect to be a part of this. And then that little engine of young people starts to reach out to the broader KDN community asking people to get behind the mission. HopeFest has been branded over the years as an KDN community event, unless only as St. Thomas Moore event, but certainly it is the STM juniors that are behind this with a large group of adults that are supporting them. In the first year of HopeFest, it was a small scale festival actually held just at St. Thomas Moore, a very small group of attendees, a free band. It was my band. The quality of music was averaged to below average and we, the young people rallied that year and we put new confratures on a foster home in Opeluses and helped to repair their floor. When the young people lit up in service of those kids in that foster home, I became aware that this was something special. Speed forward and young people over 2000 plus young people have now volunteered in this service effort and have donated back to our neighbors most in need over $2 million with the help of businesses and supporters throughout a KDN. So this year, the way that we select the beneficiaries each year of HopeFest is one beneficiary is always the STM options program, which serves our support and support program, which serves our special needs students in the options program. And the other beneficiary of HopeFest each year is a nonprofit organization serving our neighbors most in need that the junior students research and then they form a consensus on one beneficiary. This year, the beneficiary along with the STM options program is the St. Teresa Center in St. Martinville through the community of Jesus crucified who serves the poor in a number of different ways to our neighbors there in St. Martinville. And I am just here to hopefully rally my fellow youngsville residents and council members in the mayor. Even more than we have already, it's been it really has been a wonderful relationship. HopeFest had moved to downtown Lafayette. It was wonderful having it down town infrastructure became challenging. And we had an opportunity four or five years ago to move to Munkis Park, we were the first festival that outside festival that Munkis Park brought in. That was also wonderful. The infrastructure there ultimately had us searching. And then I got a call from the people installing the sound and the new amphitheater while I think he was up in a scissor lift saying, Lance, you have got to come see this. Beautiful amphitheater that is being built. And I did and he was absolutely right. The infrastructure is amazing. Last year's experience was awesome with the exception of the storm that rolled through. So if anybody has any ideas on how to put that, we're open. But March 20th and 21st will be the HopeFest weekend. March 21st will be the music festival. We'll have live music going from 11 a.m. At the amphitheater through 9 p.m. We're excited to be bringing in out of Nashville and nationally touring artist in the Christian genre Matt Marr, who has multiple double words. He's well decorated in the Christian genre. Been trying to get him for four years and we've finally got him. The Josh Blake's Lee band is out of Houston. We'll open up for him and then we'll have a regional and local bands leading up to that. And also something I would love everybody to know and hopefully support and help. We have a special heart. HopeFest has a special heart for young people but also our special needs community. People with special needs and special disabilities. And we're hoping to grow the presence of our special needs community at HopeFest. They hopeFest begins with a 5k and a one mile walk, run, stroll, crawl, however you can do it. And we have made that for the first time this year free to our friends with special needs and special disabilities. And we're encouraging them to bring a plus one participant. Our goal is to have over a thousand participants in this year's HopeFest 5k mile and walk and run. So let's rally the special needs community to come out and participate. And we invite people to assist or accompany or push people that might need help to walk or participate in that. And we have we have sold out of our tree house show tickets. So we five years ago built a tree house in Young'sville thanks to the help of Miss Simone and the people back then. And it serves as a great outdoor venue for a private concert acoustic set. So we'll have about 300 people there in support of the mission to serve our special needs friends and the poor. So that's that's why I'm here. Thank you all for the opportunity. I hope we can all rally together to make the second HopeFest here in Young'sville and the 20th HopeFest all together. A really special community event that celebrates hope and delivers hope to people most in need. Thank you. Lance, we are so happy. And I'm so proud. I don't think I could say anything to add to what you're saying other than just thank you. I don't think that we can overstate thanks to you because what you've done and the numbers raised and it's so inspiring. So we're just grateful to have it here. And it's it's exactly the type of events that we we hoped to have at the amphitheater. So thank you for believing in the facility and for allowing us to host it again. Thank you. Thank you. 4.1 approval of January 8, 2025 meeting minutes. Motion by Ms. Boris, second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Okay, there's no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Boris. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Emerald. Yes. Michelle Fahns. Yes. Motion approved. That's all. 5.1 approval of the December 2025 finance report. All right, motion by Mr. Romero, second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any council comment? Any public comment or question? Okay, hearing none. I'm a skidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Michelle Fahns. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. Right. 6.1 requests for preliminary plat approval of tracks D1 and D2 of forest, via tar division, commercial residential mix use slots, so located in section 7, T11S or 5E. And I'll turn it over to Ms. Pamela. Mayor, council. This particular piece of property is next to the post office. It's the most of you know it as the Sandra Canebury office. And she owns the entire parcel and she is wishing to construct a home behind it. And for all reasons, not only of banking and insurance and everything to separate and and to do a division of property, which is why we're here tonight. With regards, you know, we recommend the approval of this preliminary plat in dividing it and keeping it commercial in the front and having the residents in the back. There are some of the comments from our letter they've already made, but we added they needed to identify the setbacks. It needs to be signed and sealed by the surveyor and identify the data on the plat. They also need to add the addresses, which of course after it's subdivided, they'll be able to get that from Lafayk and to add the addresses, the dimensions of the right of passage, which they've already done. And then under the flood note, add a note stating in areas outside of SFHA. The minimum finished for elevation must be higher value, either one foot above the BFE or one and a half above the road center line. That property is already above as you all know. So Ms. Canebury is here if anybody were to have any questions, but it is a division of property, which is why we had to bring it before council. I didn't see Sandra. I don't know if my bad. Any questions from the council relative to the division of the property? All right. Is there a second? All right. No public comment unless you want to add something. You're good. All right. No public comment. Ms. Giger, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Yes. Ms. Faris. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Motion approved. All right. 6.2 requests for preliminary plat approval to create lot one and lot two of Cajun play LLC subdivision in private right of passage located section one, and then we have to add one to 11 SR4E. Pamela. So all this the jurors, there was the juror family three juror brothers who owned several different parcels. And they had come before and had kind of divided it. Mr. O'Connor had bought two of them, and then he has gone back and he has now bought all the remaining parcels. And he's been planning it. It's a commercial subdivision, but he's replanting it to have lots of one and two with the intention to develop lot two first. And I might mention Mr. Jimi-Riggs and Mr. Terry Ortega-R here on behalf of Mr. O'Connor. So that's what this particular one is. We have we recommend this for approval because again, it was it was commercial before just changing it. And the right away they will give us the instrument where there is a dedication because of the fact that there were six lots before that's not necessary. He owns all of them and they have both parcels have access to the road. We need the plat to be signed and sealed legal descriptions of the right of passage if they have any. They will have to add the flood note in areas outside the SFHA minimum finished for elevation must be higher that either one foot above be a fear one and a half foot. Above the road center line elevation or above two feet if it's in above the BFE from the center line if it isn't a special flood hazard area. I'd also like to add to this is a 50 foot road right away. This is a major arterial without the property owner given additional right away or doing a turn lane themselves. It's going to we're going to have to restrict any turning movements on it as you know across from that we're trying to do a dedicated left hand turn lane. We are trying to leave the traffic so with that being said we you know we recommend that we need that an item should be added that either additional right away set aside or that they also have to do a traffic study. We don't have to do any turning lanes or that might improvements in that area that might be needed in order to facilitate the driveways without backing the turning movements backing up around about anything that we're trying to fix right now along highway 92. We're going to have to do all our other standard details a note supply like the 25 year detention. There is a large portion of this in zone A so they will have to do a hundred year flood study of course Mr. Ricks has done the flood study for the property to the north of it and to the south so there is nobody who knows the modeling of that area better than Mr. Ricks. So that's all our other general notes supply. Thank you Pam. I guess Jimmy and Terry I know you both are very familiar with the property I really agree with what Pam's assessment is. I'm thrilled to have the property put in a commerce I think it's a great piece of property that has that we've been waiting for the right opportunity there and I know the landowners have been as well. I agree on we can be in the best position to to improve traffic and to aid the development. I think if we can plan to have future road widening easement there because right now I mean just for the council and the public's benefit on what was formally state highway 92 between the south of the river air the flash generator light and barat school road. So I think we can currently have nine projects that are planned and just under a four mile stretch of road five of which I believe all five may not be complete but I think we'll have five close to completion at the end of this calendar year with six and seven in part being done by private development and eight and nine advancing further into design plan. Jimmy you're welcome to come up and just talk about any of it or comment on that particular part that I'm emphasizing if you'd like. No we agree with it also we had a kind of a pre development meeting with Pam just kind of strategizing the best best path since it was chopped up in some parts you could get to some you couldn't. So in that area the outfall is very limited so part of potential road widening would be some subsurface drainage with this this property would benefit from greatly because right now the current outfall is really shallow so that that minimal has a footprint of detention requirements. So I think the comments do you have an idea of the potential widening or reserve required which we do have some set aside on the initial site plan just in anticipation I don't know if you're at that point yet I mean to put you on the spot no I mean I'm a 10 feet but I mean I think we don't we started. We have the easement that's already there so we have to kind of look and see how we. We're not going to check to that comment at all you know okay. I think we just wanted them to match Mr. Remer was making a comment about the storage plays best closer to South St. Blaze I think there we just required the building to be set the building set back. We did not get they did not get it to give addition they said the building back extra so we had to clear sometimes we will do an additional setback for future road widening but in this one you know in that way you're you don't know because like your subdivision councilman has a setback but some people put their fences inside that said back everybody but once everybody has it outside. When you do that they still own the property you have the right the first right of refusal to come and purchase it what we're saying is we'd like something where we're working with them that it's either dedicated but we also have to look at. You know if we have to do a turn lane or where how do we cost share or work together to get that taken care of so that it doesn't undo what we're doing now so. However you guys would like to write that or which way you would like to request it I have no doubt that Mr. Riggs is going to work with us and we're going to come up with something really and the same thing with Mr. O'On it's how do you guys want to proceed but if you notice on the plat you can see there's additional road right away into the community first property. So again so we already know we have the road widening there's a lot that could be taken advantage of we do have to accommodate utilities so some of it may be just what we can do in the in the ditch but then work with them sidewalks might need to be in a sidewalk easement so there's no room for them to put sidewalks in the right away if we know we're going to work so it's going to be kind of like a work with them on accommodating all of this and it's clarified our current site plan. It wouldn't adversely affect that with regards to right away we would. What I want to have is that we will mark a reserved roadway widening or something I can't stand here and have an authority to transfer title. But that's another right now the discussion but we certainly don't object to the to the concept. What what about exiting the property are we doing right turn only unless they are unless they would help do some improvements that would allow it but it would have to be. Right turn only until you get outside of where we're doing our turn lanes so he owns quite a bit of frontage compared to where our turn lanes are so we can work with them but at this time they're only wanting to do lot to but we can look at we can work with them on what lot one would look like as well. With the turning move that's but for right now based upon the way everything is a lot a lot to would be right in right now right turn yeah okay. And that was my concern being so close to the roundabout we were the intent is to have only two access points on the entire parcel the other access point would be to as far west as possible up against that line just to separate them. And he would have an interconnection drive between the two drives so if that were allowed to have a full left turn we can go through whatever steps are necessary for that. That at least give people the access to go left and get to the roundabout because we have that left turn lane I think again with we if you allow us to work with them to now be a good time Jimmy that we get with Mr. O'Lond because we will be there within the next three months will be in that area widening for left to center so our cell is the best time to move forward to actually widen so that that left turn you know and at least to work together and which is the same thing we're doing. We're doing with our bone it probably they happen to be doing construction we're doing it so we're working together and they are paying for the left turn so it's all done at once. Maybe with that one as well. Yes. My concern would just be the meterie center and a lot of one turning into each other. It could be similar to the wind a mirror and dollar general turning where it's like playing chicken to get out in the road. Yeah we're not going to have that. They won't we won't allow them to be aligned like that they'll have to be all set. Well and if he's proposing what he's saying they would be all set to where they're turning into each other left turn out of their property. No I think you want to left turn into you want to designate a left turn into it not a not a left turn out of it. Turn my lot one one to the west. Yeah a lot one to the west a left turn going so we would have a left turn going into center so our cell and there'd be a left turn going into his not a left turn coming out. So basically like yeah I was talking about coming out as well. Well I think what it doesn't do that right now. No that's the caveat to work with the city on the access with the our request. I guess what would be the most cost effective measure for both parties involved where. Another another us or them are having to spend. I guess any more time or money or the end of the investment is a better for us just to give the. The 50 foot for energy is meant right away or to force them to do the returning lane. I mean I could say if you're if we do it at the same time then that cost effect of this would be put in play. Correct a cooperative agreement where we would have a public private partnership or something to where they would pay for their. Pay for their portion and do it at the same thing they would get the cost savings. We would not have to come back in the future and deal with any utilities they would get the cost savings if it was done all the same time which is what we chose to do with the park bone. Correct okay. I think that would be the best time and I know you're not a position offered. Well if the if the. The work with the city. What about on number 14 where where we say additional easings maybe required. How can we modify that to say additional easements and right away or so. Yeah maybe you. That's right away maybe required but. The government. Protects the landowners that the government can't take right away without just compensation. So you can ask for it and he may very well dedicated and he may say well you know I'll I'll save the square footage and purchase it that that's something. Fair wait I mean he's but I think in the position where. There's a call to action before the council requesting driveway permit access we don't want to create anything that's going to make it unsafe there so. I don't want to take anybody's property we just want to give him the greatest flexibility to be successful and we don't mind. So if right away as required we don't mind additional full width right away what might show in that reserve on the plate okay. What what's potentially proposed not as I. To be built on lot one. A convenience store. Okay yes just can be or strip center I'm sorry that's a lot to okay so one one I bet there's no definite plan. So we're going to be residential no stock and we're going to be resident. Unless we can get that turn in thing. I mean I live in this area and I know how disastrous it is from no matter what construction we're going to end up finishing not really knowing that how that's going to impact that area. Throwing an additional turning out or what not. Concerns me for all the people who travel that road which. It's dangerous from 7 a.m. to about 8 30 and probably about 4 o'clock to about 5 45 6. I mean it's a shocker block people are coming out of the roundabout down East Milton probably going about 40 minimum because they think it's you know the drag strip. And that's where we've had some accidents in front of McDonald's and stuff which is basically what is across street from we we have we. And I want to have your site plan was a site plan part of the discussion at the pre development meeting. Because I'm comfortable with with having me Pam and Lucas review you know the site plan and collectively you're working together on something I mean Jimmy you do a lot of designs. Yes I think we. I think it's formally been submitted I do have a preliminary site plan. Yeah to why don't let me say I don't think I don't think it's I don't think we need to put ourselves in the position of designing traffic for something we need to lead that to the professionals but I I do agree I think we have. We we need to get it right. I think we all agree with that or else we mean we. The investment I just talk about on that formal stretch we don't want to. We want business absolutely but if we can do this collectively with you know with our with the future in mind so. And I guess my concern is the comment you made after Pam's recommendation or the mayor's recommendation on what should be added on item what was it 14 or 15. I don't know like it was a. Putting up a wall right away I'm assuming that this is just because. He's the engineer can't he can't. He can't come in on the property owners not here. And which commentary for you. That at the end of the day it's up to the property owner and I agree but if you're if we're wanting approval here I think we need to go with what is recommended by our city engineer. I think it should say that additional road. We have four Through the replica right away road right away or roadway improvements. Maybe necessary between before final plat approval. And will be. We'll be evaluated during review kind of like number 14. the construction plan approval and impose a traffic impact analysis as well. So I think we'll have another opportunity to get it right. I'm just assuming that we're probably going to be rolling right into plan approval. So I think they'll be, I'm comfortable we'll get it done. I think we have an opportunity, I mean this is an opportunity where we're combining property with the intention of having commercial development. But beyond that then we're going to have a set of construction plans that we'll be able to, I believe our ordinances give us the ability to have a traffic impact analysis as part of the project. Based on projected count. Yes it is. And I think we will exceed that. Okay. Yeah. With with the number of pumps or the yeah, I think we'll exceed that to where the ordinance could that could trigger. Okay. My recommendation would be to go with the language pams. I think that's probably all we can do at this point. And then we will continue to work with it through plan. I mean this owner bought it to develop. So I believe we're going to have something in the near term before the, the, the, and we have a vested interest in making the traffic most powerful for everyone because that first one you want to be successful. And the marketable for for commerce. Yes. No doubt. No doubt. Yeah. And yeah, the sooner you have them and I don't need to see it be part of a bit of even, even preliminary site plans. I think we'll start given some opportunity for our team to decide. Is this a good collaborative? Is it, you know, would it be a good collaborative project? Ultimately that's will be the owner's decision. Well, you know, I think the last, the one she mentioned. Yeah. And it's a win-win for, for both parties. Agreed. And it would be. Terry and my job to convey that to the owner. Sure. Sure. Yeah, I'm, I think he's having enough belief you can. Yeah, I think we're in a good position. I mean, Pam just illustrated one and one of the nine improvements I'm talking about is the, is the Pell free park bone and two left turn. I'm counted as one, but it's really doing two churning movements there. I can tell you that we're having 10 improvements in that formal area. So there's a lot of moving pieces. So yeah, great opportunity to be able to do it while contractors are mobilized over the next year. So, all right. Yo, so y'all good on the, on the verbage mat. Are, Linda, you have more questions? Jim, anything else you wanted to add? All right. Thank you, sir. I'm sorry. You have it. You're good. Motion to approve requests for plenary plot. To create lots, one and two of Cajun play LLC subdivision and private right with adding item 15 per engineer request. All right. Motion by council member Romero. I have a second. Second by councilman Shampai. Is there any public comment part of the council vote? All right. There's no public comment misgidry. Okay, to call the vote, please. Mr Romero. Yes. Shampai. Yes. Yes. Mr Volgiano. Motion approved. All right. Other business. The city and the message any traumas here with us from years to grow. As you all know, she's got a long time business in the curve on fortune road for educating our youth. And she's looking at another expansion and is here tonight to just kind of work work with us on how to how to get that extension or how to get that addition added. So I can maybe kick it off if you'd like and then feel free to add. Okay. So it's my appreciation that years to grow. If you look at item 7.1 in your packet. When it was first brought in this is what we're looking at. Miss Jennifer and I had had conversations. Her goal is to bring six portable buildings onto the property. She marked them with red dots on the parcel. You can see the fortune roads at the top of the piece. She and I had conversations about, you know, the from previous conversations and development. I mean, she knows the flood zones and things like that. These portable buildings would be raised. You do counsel have a. Just to give you a kind of a broader understanding of for the public's knowledge. In residential development, we have a lot of criteria specific to. Manufactured houses to live in the commercial development code isn't as specific relative to what you've heard us discuss before and that's their 10 years old. Newer than 10 years old and having the proper buffers for commercial development. The criteria here is 51% of building material has to be something other than metal. And along with along with the architecture should be uniform on a site. In my conversations with Miss Jenny at the time and I don't Miss Jennifer, I don't want to speak for her, but just to tee it up to what I know about it. She has offered if she acquires these buildings to bring on to the property. She has offered that she can do some updating or modification on the exterior of those buildings. At that point, you know, I felt it was probably best that she come before you guys. You know, before she gets too far into the process. I just for her to explain what her intent would be here. And that's kind of where it is. So sorry, sorry we haven't met. Yeah, my name is Jason Wilson. I served as council to years to grow for many, many years. They have a special place in my heart. My kids went there. And so I know that they have touched the lives of thousands of families and kids here. They have a 1300 person waiting list, you know, so expansion is a paramount importance to this to this family who own this business in October will be 42 years. And they've served this community very well. So I think to echo what Mayor Ritter said and I do thank the council for allowing us to speak is that not only are these buildings. You know, on the property, let's say, behind a pond behind existing buildings on a piece of property that was purchased a while back, you know, toward the rear of the existing 1306 property. And with, you know, with access, the infrastructure is already there. Obviously, the improvements to each of these buildings will be, you know, through the permitting process for this construction. But we had submitted some photographs. And I do have copies of these photographs on it that will help. It probably would because I didn't, this is the only thing that I've provided to the council. It's the only information that we've been shared. So I think that I'll wrap on certain photographs right there that we will demonstrate. Oh, thank you, sir. I can, you need one. I can, willing to share if you need sort of what I can do. If you flip the tab to tab two is kind of the site plan of the property. You can see the top of the photo fortune road kind of looping in. There's a large area in front of the existing plot that's a pond. There's a building right below where it says existing building connected to lift station. And then to the right, there are two small white squares, say classrooms connected to lift station. And so those are the existing buildings on the property that were brought on. If you flip to tab two, it's some photographs of those buildings before, excuse me, tab one. At the end, there are, let's see, it's marked. Or Baystand, 004, 005, 006. These are these buildings before they were renovated. There was a large building in the two classrooms that I showed you on the site plan. If you flip to tab three, these are several photographs for your reference. You can see not only the property, but you can see how, if you go to number 18, YTG 018. This is this old building that was there that was literally completely renovated inside and out. There's white hearty panel painted, black, shingle roof, and wooden beams. If you keep flipping through these photographs to YTG 024 on the left, you can see what were wooden buildings that were also renovated. Again, to match the structure, what we are proposing from a construction standpoint and design would also match the existing buildings on the property. The Butler Building misconception is going to be something that's going to be completely recovered, re-involved with painted white hearty panel. Wood, shingle roof, nice wooden beams to match the existing structures on the property. The goal of this is obviously his expansion to meet the community needs and educational needs of Young'sville. Many kids that are on the waiting list that are going elsewhere, they need the ability to do this in this community. Are there any questions about the plans and at a later time, Mayor Ritter, you had mentioned the ability to have another opportunity to get it right, we can submit some design drawings of how they are going to look. We have these pictures of the existing buildings. I think there's plenty of information here. I just know in my last communication with our team, they hadn't received anything. That's why I only had this to provide them. That in I knew that we would be here to talk through it. That's why I gave my book just to... I think what you have there, since I've been there, which I don't think was that long. I mean, it looks like Y'all been doing some work, so it looks great. So, I mean, well, a couple of... that's him as borrowers, did you want to go? Do you have one that asks questions? Oh, that's okay. I guess... let me ask this, Pam. I mean, if the intention is to refinish the exterior of the building similar to what is here, I mean that satisfies the facade, which is largely what this is driven by. I have to meet your current standards from a standpoint of that one, they expect. That would be facilitated through the average inspections through the normal permitting in the field. And I'm assuming everybody's going to enter in on the curb and then come around. How many more cars are you anticipating with six buildings? We just talked about traffic. Just from a traffic control, there is already an officer, officer Clay, who's hired by years to grow to manage traffic flow. How's that been working? I think as long as they do that, I think again, we want to make sure that we can get... If that curve, we don't want to create a stop in that curve, we just did around about to improve traffic. So we want to make sure... so as Y'all grow, just keep that in mind that something you may have to do if... if need be, you know, but as long as you keep doing your traffic control, and it's not backing up on the road and not creating a problem. Yeah, officers' efforts have definitely added to the smooth flow traffic. I mean, I was one who authored that facade ordinance and I know the intent was more about what's on our major arteries or what's being put on frontage of property. I mean, if I'm mistaken, this is deep, deep. It's not even visible. There's some good photographs from Fortune where you see the existing buildings. These would be behind that. I think what you did since the last time you were here, the improvements I've noticed going through there, definitely eye-piling. Any concerns, I mean, about your lift station capacity there, I've gotten that far into looking at it, just trying to think ahead for you. I mean, we understand that the existing lift station that's there is very much exceeding the capacity of what we need now and it will be able to absorb additional buildings. I mean, maybe one thing I would... maybe I can suggest, depending upon the council's direction, I don't know where the buildings are now, but I mean, one of our inspectors, if you'd like, I can put you in touch to help facilitate if there's any concerns regarding electrical or things like that. Just to be able to get ahead prior to... just so you can anticipate or evaluate that as part of your entire school. We appreciate that. Yeah, especially if you're in... are you still in due diligence? Period or no? Just so that they would know what... Yeah, she was just asking if you're still in the period of window that you're in due diligence. Yeah, so you can split your mouth. Before you commit to them, if you haven't already, yeah. Okay. Not in the contract, yeah. Okay, that's perfect. And then, the way you know how to bring... because that's probably one of the biggest things is just bringing it up to... making sure it's up to code when you move it in. Mayor, I'm going to have motion to approve variants for years to grow requests for the additional portable buildings at 1306 Fortune Road. Okay, and that's for six, right? We just want to... just want to clarify it. For six portable buildings. All right, thank you, sir. And there's a second five, Ms. Champagne. Any council comment or question? Any public comment or question? Any further comment from Ms. Jennifer or, sir? All right, if there's no comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Farah? Yes. Mr. Volcano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. I'll email you tomorrow, connect you with our inspection group. If you want to get, you know, pick their brains prior to see what would be required from a permitting standpoint. So now that you pass this hurdle, so... All right, thank you. You want to keep the books? You want to return them to the later one? We're going to definitely keep ours so we know what's coming. Yeah, we... Okay, so you take these three. Yeah. Thank you very much. All right, thank you all. All right, 7.2, Mr. Josh Shabshar's requesting a variance to allow a reduction to the east side setback by eight feet. Seven, excuse me, eight feet, five inches for a future automotive repair business to be located at 808 Church Street. Mr. Shabshar here? Yes, sir, please come forward. How you doing this evening? Good. Good. Well, first time to Councilman Smith. Oh, welcome. Forgive me for the... No, you're good. You're good. So Council, the issue... Just in your packet, I think we tried to outline it. This is in the Royville District of our land use ordinance. The Royville District of the land use ordinance is... R1 is residential next to a general business. So the way the land use ordinance works is it gives the... It starts with what's adjacent. And because the adjacent properties are... Is residential next to a proposed general business. The land use ordinance is... Is offering a conflict level of two, which is a 15-foot green belt in offense. Looking at the areas of the property, it looks like maybe something was added at some point. I couldn't really... I couldn't really make it out the distance, but I think you worked with our team to do some measurements. I think in 07 or 06, it used to be a tile, a floor-in-tile company. It's a 60 by 40 building. I'm pretty sure that what is now a kind of apartment, eventually the tile company closed down. Where they had the floor-in showroom, they made a apartment out of it. And then they kind of used it as... They moved out of state. They kind of used it as... You know, just to come back place with a big storage unit. Then Mr. Josh Greco bought the place, I think, a year ago, two years ago. And he's used it for sort of a storage kind of hobby shop kind of thing. And then he decided that, you know, his future plans, he's not... He wanted to lease it. So I contacted him. We talked about leasement. I am a 20-year-old automotive technician. I was a partner with a shop in rain right off the highway, superior to these performance. So I decided to break out on my own, being that there's a lot of competition going that way. I'm going to come back kind of home. I am from Adirdale, originally grew up there. I live in Unis now, but trying to work my way back to the Vimean Parish. I have a family that lives in E-Rath. So I got in touch with him. We kind of made some plans. But we don't want to sign the lease without knowing for sure that we can run a business here. And that's when I came to the permanent place. They said, thank God you came here because we don't know. So I said, well, let's see if we can get a place. The right side of it, the left side is 15 foot, the variance. It's a side where they added the show. That's the six foot, yeah. That's close to the property line of the adjacent to the property on that side. Mr. Shampon. Mr. Abshar, do you all intend on putting any fencing or the property on any fencing or trees or green belt between those homes? The first thing that we did was touch, Greco actually started putting fencing on that left side. Just so happen though, that the property owner next to him had some of his trucks and materials on Mr. Greco's property line. So when he found that out here, the stop building the fence, so that and give the neighbor a chance to move some of that property off. Wait, no, I can't kind of move some stuff off the side or something like that. So they haven't started moving any of that off of his property yet? Uh, no. No. I don't know if you're familiar with that. Yeah. You're all familiar with them? Okay. So, um, that we already start in it. And the one thing is Mr. Greco started making a fence to accommodate the neighbor. But then he was like, eh, I'm losing a good two feet. You know, so that's when he got his own little, um, how do you say it when they do the property launch? Yes, survey. And, uh, I'm a mechanic. I don't, I don't do surveys. So, uh, he got a survey and noticed that there was two or three feet right there. So he stopped what he was doing. And now, given a chance, because he's only about 10 foot of fence. And he wants that, you know, he don't want to, you know, he wants to put the fence down there. So, I expect to put a fence, uh, eight foot fence, privacy fence on the front for sure. I am not personally leasing. He has a good bit of property behind that building. And I don't plan on leasing that property. And I, there's no trucks or nothing plan on going back there because it would just be a mud hole at that point if I start putting trucks like there. So I would, I didn't, if I want to accommodate the fence thing, I don't think I'd want to fence all the way back. Maybe just like a little bit past the building and brought to come across. And that would allow privacy parts, you know, but putting a fence all the way down for a property that I won't use unless Mr. Gregg wants to. Do you expect, you know, automotive shops a lot of times will leave vehicles overnight. And I mean, that's normal. People drop off their vehicle before you can work on it. Yeah. And I would anticipate that you will leave vehicles outside that building. Oh, yeah. I mean, I anticipated if I'm good at my job, they won't stay there long, which I am. And the street is narrow. I mean, that's really a narrow street. So what I do is I'm a decent mechanic on light duty trucks. I don't do tires. I don't do lifts. I don't do, you know, I do motor rebuilds, fuel systems and things that, you know, especially on the F-250s and the light duty work trucks and boosts the oil fuel trucks. So I don't have a lot of just junk that comes my way. It's not really what I do. So being that, you know, you come in, you come out. I also run a mobile service, a cancassism. So a lot of my work is on the road too. So this is, I'm trying to get a place to where my mobile clients, you know, can, can the big jobs, the motor rebuilds, the motor replacements, I can get them in the shop, get them done and on their way, you know. So it's, so I'm trying to work the system to where if I go out on a job, on mobile job, I do a diag and a lot of these mechanic shops, their problem is is that they all come to the shop or they end up having, they don't have the money or they don't have the time or something happens where the truck gets left there. You know, I have a mobile service truck where if I go out and die out of the truck and they're not ready to repair this truck, you're not bringing it to my shop, you know. So what are your hours going to be? Eight to four. Monday through Friday or weekends obviously. Yes, I have three kids and I don't do weekends. I coach basketball, I'm very involved in my kid life so there's no weekend borders here. Good for you. Yes. How long have you been? Thank you, ma'am. Mr. Bulls, John. Yeah. First off, thanks for having interesting one to do business in Youngville. I guess kind of echo in the show, I think we probably may have what could have been drawn for attention was like, you know, some business owners like a hot rod shop and you'll have, you know, 10, 15, 20 cars and then motor rebuilds, a lot of exhausts running all hours at night and that kind of business. But it appears it's not exactly what you're wanting to do here. It says more of a, you know, workshop diesel mechanic business with all this really accommodating hours to what we have residents in the nearby area. So also accommodate a piece of property and a cover shop in Buella Rose, which allows me to be a big space, you know. So it allows me to put some of my stuff over there. I already have one of my technicians working there. And you know, I don't plan on having a lot of people have one technician in Buella Rose probably add one more technician in Youngville. So it's not like going to be, you know, most of my operations happen on the mobile side and then I just need a hub and I would like a hub in Youngville because there's competition and it's not really a lot of light duty truck professionals. You know, I've been doing this 20 years and I'd like to bring that service kind of to the y'all area. And when I was partners in rain, we had a lot of customers come from Youngville and that's one of the reasons why I was like, you know what, probably wouldn't be a bad idea to have something over there. I think Echo, what Lindy said, you know, I'm glad to see a business wanting to come and everything. Monica Cern is, have you talked to any of the neighbors because per audience, we don't have to notify them, but I do have concerns with the people who have lived down there for years. Yes, especially across the street, you know. We had a chance to talk with the neighbors on the left. Sure, yeah, that'd be great. Don't leave me all alone up there. You know, just being neighborly and hospitable and all those kind of things, you know, that away maybe they have an idea what's going on because they didn't get notification about this at all. Yes, well, I did personally reach out to both the neighbors left and right of us. I believe you're probably familiar with the property at a six church street. That's the property in question in regards to building a fence. The distributor notified him that what we were doing here and the neighbor to the other side of us at 810. They are the people who live there leasing it from a family member. I did notify them what we were looking to do. I also made it very clear to them that this is going to be as the concern was, it's not going to be allowed vehicles out everywhere in the yard. The idea of being that Josh wants to bring things in, he wants to do what he has to do and then send them on their way where we're not stacking vehicles up outside. So the neighbors didn't seem to have any problem with it. I didn't invite them here tonight to say anything if they had to. I don't see them here. I assume they didn't care to come or whatever. But I haven't reached out to Miss Lola directly across the street in regards to this specific operation. Being that there's a buffer between us with the natural fence that's there. I don't even think she would really see a difference in what's going on there now. And then also the people at the end of the street had not reached out to them either. Okay. Thanks. Yes, sir. Mayor. I guess this is a question for our attorney. Can we send the neighbors that are infringing on his property at the man letter? It has already been declared a nuisance. And I do believe we've gone through the process. So is there any way you can send a demand letter for them to remove? Yeah. I'll get with Terry. Terry will work on getting addresses and things of that sort. But yes, ma'am, we can do that. Thank you. How long have we been dealing with the law as far as I try to get that? Yeah, about four months. And we've been since owning the property in November of 24. We've been doing our best to clean up that property line and improve the property to the point that's even more important. We've been doing the labor in question and we've just acquired a lot of purchasing properties to do the improvement from our kind of out of stale made on that one. But we're trying to make everything look better. And we don't want to do anything that would not look good for the city. Thank you. Any other comments or questions from the council? All right. All right. Motion to grant the variance. Okay. Motion by Mr. Bulls. John. Is there a second? All right. Second by Mr. Remarie. Any public comment? Any public comment? All right. Did you want to address the council? I was just saying that's definitely narrow. Really? Did you talk to me a little bit back? In fact, I was on the other side. I think there was a little bit here. It was putting in color aside. You know, the way it was very large parking lot. It's not parking lot. It's a very large, large way. It's off of the road from Park and right. It's a very large way. It's off of the road from Park and right. It's an out. We don't want to anticipate. Is it a property or in the garage? Yeah. That's what you said. Most of your work is mobile, but everything would be kept on property. Yes. Yeah. Okay. And mostly inside the shop. Yeah. That's very little outside of the shop. That's great. That's being neighborly. Any additional public comment relative to the variance request? Yes. Yes. Yes. Mr. Volgiotto. Mr. Amaro. Yes. Mr. Champagne. Yes. Thank you, Council. Thank you, guys. Very much. That's something to me. I have anything we need to do. We're just trying to make sure. Josh, I had no idea you owned that property. It's good to know. Recent. Recent. Okay. That's fine. November of 24. I looked it up while we were talking. So, can you tell us what you're doing? I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. Yeah, I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. Well, thank you. All right. All right. The next item on the agenda. Seven point three. Mr. Brady, Tibitos. Request in a variance to the commercial development requirements and land use regulations to allow a commercial business to operate within his residence at 3334, Skrove. Mr. Tibitos, I soon. Yes, sir. All right. Good. Good evening, sir. The floor is yours, sir. I did all my required paperwork with ATF. I got an approval from the ATF. Up on completing that, I got a call from Miss K-Lin, Miss Nicole, State I need to come in front of y'all and get a variance to put a business inside of my home. Yeah, and let me add pick up there from a certificate or actually Miss Shampon, do you want to? Go ahead, I was just going to ask if this was going to be an online business. It's not like people are coming in and out of your home to purchase. As of right now, as of right now, it's basically kind of like a word of mouth type of thing. Basically, I'm trying to get my FF feel. It's pretty much fun, my own habit. It's expensive habit to have. I have had a request to build firearms for friends and family and stuff, but legally, I can't do that. I advise them on how to do and stuff like that, but legally, I can't build any firearm for anybody. I build all my own personally. But as of right now, it's not, I'm not going to have any unnecessary traffic. I'm not going to have a sign in front of my house. I'm in the process of looking for property. We just got our blueprint in, made my fiance for a new house outside of city limits. And I will have a shop in my backyard. And I will be doing stuff furthering my business, trying to get the all feel. 20 years and all feel I'm tired of being in West Texas. You know, that's why I'm trying to get my business off the ground. This isn't sugar reed right? Yes, man. Then you need subdivision. And I did get, I did get the okay. And the guidelines restricted from my H.O.A. president. He said as long as it doesn't create any unnecessary traffic, which if anybody's been in sugar rage, it's a nightmare. I don't have any unnecessary traffic at my house. And it can't handle any. Yeah, and it can't handle any roadway parking. No, exactly. I'm only home 10 days a month as it is. So it's not like it's going to be an everyday thing. So you don't have a storefront? No, it won't be like you. You can just stop by and purchase a new basically. Basically, you build a word of mouth. Give me a call. Hey, I want this done. All right, I'll give you a date to come pick up to come to you. 4473 and do paperwork from there and go a lot of business like that. It won't be more than one person at a time. So I'm not going to have 10, 15 people at my house at a time. I'm not going to have any sign like I said in front of my house. So it's not going to be any advertisements, maybe a word of mouth. I plan on doing having an online presence. Maybe later Facebook type thing, you know, just to get it out there. But as of right now, within the near year is very small, very controlled. Nothing nothing to extravagant. Nothing's going to be excessive at my house. So that's that's what I'm looking for right now. All right, yes, ma'am. Any other comments from the council? Cheek, sorry. Yes, sir, just a quick question. Sir, you can be manufacturing any weapons in your home. Manufacturing as in like full gunsmithing. No, okay, manufacturing in the sense of building a lower lower part kids. Putting something together. No mills or anything. No, no, no nothing. Just putting the gun together. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just assembling. Okay, absolutely. Cool. This curious. Yes. All right. Thank you. And if I do give this license, if you're looking for some, let me know. I'll build a good product. Yes, legal. Absolutely. No, I was going to I was discussing councilman Barres. This, this I think really rectifies his more of an itch away. And I appeared to have already gotten the okay from this. Yes. It's not going to create any unnecessary traffic or need a full blown running a business out of his home. It's an oil I'm present. So I'm okay with that. I'll make a motion to grant the variance. All right, is there a second? Miss Barres. Second. Secondary Miss Barres seconds. Any further council discussion? Any public comment? Yes, Mr. Ramirez. This is no knock on you or anything like that. I just in a so condensed neighborhood, the idea of any manufacturing. I mean, pretty much everything you said was great to me. Because I own a couple shotguns, stuff like that, but there's concern. That's all whether one HOA president compared to what 300 something house. 450 450 that is my concern. Is that it's that you know, I get it. I get what you saying, but it's the optics of there's gunsmith or it's nothing that I haven't been doing. Yeah, you know, for the last I've been in there for almost able first to be nine years. Okay. I do everything garage or closed. Yeah. Anybody who does come to the house to see what I advise them with, what are my tools and stuff. Coming through my front door into my garage. The ride door stays closed while any building any gun cleaning I do any servicing, anything like that. Garage or closed. Nothing's open to the public. And it will stay that way until I get my future building. Just for what it's worth. He's basically just offering his services for those that don't know how to do it before it's worth. I mean, I hand built my own lower NAR 15. I have this a lot of avid hunters and have a gunners in that community that are pretty into that kind of stuff. A lot of people would go to sent your defense and shoot. So I would say this was like a manufacturing with a whole mill and mill and lathe in the garage. I'd be a little bit more concerned. But this is just a basically no different than someone putting together parts car. And I don't plan on doing that aspect of it. I have a guy who already has a business that does that locally. I outsourced all of that aspect of it to him because he's been doing it a long time already. Not even want to step on the tools. So I want to hand it this part. Kind of just like giving each other business. That's kind of the whole point of it. With his wording on the variances, no restriction on him building guns. But there's, but I'm saying no manufacturing. There's no restrict with the variance. No, you can put a lower variance is only for him to. I am getting my type my class. So it's a word of mouth. So I am getting my manufacturer. Yeah. That's basically just to be able to put in the lower together is considered manufacturing correct. You know, so I do not get the type of the class. Yeah. But it's not worth it. You just never know where you're at in a year from now. Three years from now. I'm not getting the mill in a lease. I'm not a machinist. I'm all for you. Yeah. I did want to mention to the mayor or as the mayor this question. I remember when I worked here. This was previous years back. We had the same instance in one of the cop appeals. Maybe that someone came in and wanted a permit to do the same exact thing. And what happened was I think the firearms ATF required them to come to the city first. Yeah. So I think if you remember that, that's been years. And I don't know if they are still in existence. But they did the same thing. Yes. It's not a storefront. Yes, ma'am. You're correct. We did follow a similar process. And the reason why is simply because if you're sure there's plenty of people that are operating home-based businesses. We don't issue occupational permits. So what you would the request was was asking us to permit something that we don't permit. So the only the closest mechanism that we have is our land use ordinance and consistent with what we did in copper meadows. We asked for clearance from the homeowners association. I think in that in that particular instance, there was a there was actually a letter of no objection here. Mr. Tibetos provided the restrictive covenants of the neighborhood. And I've already been through my ATF inspection of my home. They looked at my safes. They looked at my area that I'm going to be manufacturing in. Everything was good with them. I didn't know about this step until I got a phone call from Miss Kayla. Yeah. Staying out of it. I had to come here. And I was at work. I had to basically do a letter of withdrawal from my license. Oh, wow. Until I can do this because I couldn't get an extension. Oh, wow. So my extension ran up last on the last Tuesday. I don't think it then how long you made contact was this was in like last two weeks. Yeah. But I've been I worked 20 and 10. Gotcha. Okay. And I've been in this process late October, early November with ATF. So with the shutdown slowed everything down. Oh, yeah. Hopefully I got my agent still and I can hopefully just kick everything back up if I get the okay from you. Okay. Thank you, sir. Is there any other public comment relative to the request before the council? Okay. We had a motion. And a second. Miss Gidry, please call the vote for us. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. No. Yes. Yes. Farad. Yes. We have some. We'll have some still will have Kaylee touch base with you tomorrow and we'll provide which you need. Thank you very much. Mr. Romero. Yeah, I have a question. Come on by the house. Thank you all. Thanks. Right. A gin item 7.4. B and B contractors incorporated is a request in a variance to allow reduction in the front setback by five feet for two zero five Queen's for avenue. How you doing, sir? So council, this is the plans were submitted approved. It met all the normal setback requirements that you put forth in the code of ordinances. It's my appreciation that a third party inspection took place at the property. Third party out not as part of the city. And that's when it was discovered that the I guess the footings were placed outside of the plans. And so that's why we're here today. So the builder, Mr. Chote has stopped building for now to come before you today because it's the lender is requesting. I guess they want to they want to prove a variance. They want documentation that it's that it's being built within compliance with the city's code of ordinances. Miss Champagne, yes, ma'am. Yes, sir. Thank you. Is this a spec home? Has it been sold? Is it spec? How much would you have to cut back cut it cut off to be in compliance? So the front of the house is in compliance is the garage that's set forward. So what we did, I paid my architect to give me a site plan and his drawing shows the property line on the sidewalk. There was no states at the time. So my concrete guy said he put his measurement off the sidewalk. Well, the property lines five feet off the sidewalk. So that's where we're missing five feet. And I went out there. It was very hard to see because there's so much lumber and dumpsters in the way. And you got an approval from the other utility companies because there it is over other utilities. I think cable probably I'm thinking maybe electricity. Have you gone to those companies? So I looked at everything that my architect had drawn up. It's y'all need a 10 foot variance and we're 15 foot back. So I think we're clear of all utilities. I don't know what else we would need. Well, I can tell you that I read your letter and I would like to ask. I think it was an honest mistake. I did believe that. Yeah, it was. Sorry. You probably didn't realize all of our. Oh, yeah, definitely what an apartment is. But I did read in your letter something that concerned me a great deal. And I would ask either our public works director or our engineer because in that letter, you stated, I don't see five feet interfering with utilities. I would like for them to explain to you why you can't come within five feet of those utilities. Either pay them a Terry or both of y'all can join in. I didn't. This isn't part of the task. You know, you didn't put it in court, but this was the initial site plan. This if y'all want to look at it because it indicates the sidewalk, the 20 foot front setback utilities. So it looks like the utility is the lower part of the 20 foot front setback. So what I'm hearing is I think that this must be the garage that's actually five feet closer. So it's still with that. It's still outside of utilities. That's correct. That is correct. But I think I would still like for a comment from public works to tell you since you're new at this. Yes, my mind. To explain to you why you should not come that close to utility easement. So some of the issue you want to make sure that you have enough if they have to dig up, it's not going to affect the footing. It's not going to affect any of that displacement of their that type deal. So that's some of the question. How much are you taking from that dig in? If they have to come in. And what is it going to cause if they do come in to the your structure? And that's some of the question on integrity of that. So that's what we add right now. I think what Mr. Armstrong's wanting to know is if you got the okay from the utility companies that are there. If you're you're coming too close to their their. I have contacted utility companies. I talked to Rusty. We saw the developer. He said he didn't have a problem with it. It was up to the city. So I left it up. But he's he's not the utility companies. You know, we have warden sewer. There's electricity, there's cocks cable. My motion would be that we table this until he can bring to us the utility letters from the other utility companies given approval for being that close to the utilities. Close to the front of the garage. No, he's he's already to be passed. Already passed it. Yeah, but yeah, in the houses regardless where the line is, the driveways still right there. So what matter what? No matter what. So whether he the how whether he puts it five feet forward or back, it's still the drive. We're talking about the front of the garage. But what we what we tried to explain is if there is work that needs to be done in there. It's going to move under this sidewalk. It would run into I mean under the driveway. So they would it's not going to be anywhere near the front of the garage. They're not running any utilities underneath the drop. Like that. No under though. They're under. Well, they're under. They're under. They're under the driveways. Yes. Yeah, but not under her sense. Well, typically in the front yard, probably split the difference yard was your utilities from electrical to communication to all that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a minor about 10 feet from my house. So being under the drive, we're not going to dig under that well, we don't know. They're going to bore under it as well. Well, if they have any brace, they'll break up the drive. You know, so they'll break up the. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no. I was in Sharon. And a lot of times sometimes we may request a whole harmless in case we have to go in or other utilities have to go in and they have to break up your concrete. It would be a York. Right. Oh, sorry. How far from the 10 foot are you? So it's the 10 foot utility. Five feet away. Yeah. So he's five foot outside of the actual. Correct. He's five foot outside of the actual easement. So in the utilities, they have the 10 feet and then there's an additional five feet. We normally there's a 20 foot setback. But keep in mind that when we garages weren't always 20 foot setback, the reason they're now 25 is more to keep the cars off the street. So the 15 feet just for future reference makes it hard because if somebody's trying, especially if you haven't, that becomes the bigger issue, which is why the setbacks became more over time was to keep the clutter out of the street. I think he kind of heard the gentleman earlier. There's a lot of cars in Sugar Ridge and some of the subdivisions. But from the standpoint of he will be, so your first 10 feet will be the utilities that there will be another five feet in the garage, then another five feet in the actual home structures. That correct. That's what my understanding of this. So but from the standpoint of the, because everything's 20, the financial institution needs to know that that five feet of the garage is okay to be in the setback. So it's in the setback, but it's definitely not in our utilities. Let's see. Hold on a second. I just had two questions. When your bank or finance, they told you what happened. So immediately stopped or me. Yeah, I stopped. Okay. So I didn't even know it was running a survey to give it my draw. What happened is I got that pre-slap inspection. City approved it. I poured it. Yeah. I told my framers, because time's money when you playing with a building. So I told them to start rolling the walls. They put up all the walls and then the bank took nine days to call me back. And they were like, whoa, man, you're five feet forward. I'm going to understand. So you haven't been working on the project since. No, no, no. I'm going to access to freeze it. I stopped all the way. First time building in Youngville. I built two in Montseries as an investor. I have another contractor, a land swear. He built my other two in Montseries. I'm going to send it. And you plan to build more of that. Okay. Thanks. Mr. Voljano. I'm pretty abundant. My confidant with our ease minors. I think Pandita Prega job explaining why we had the 20 foot was for parking and where a utility sit. I'm with an okay. We're making the motion to grant the variance for the five foot said back. All right. Is motion by Mr. Voljano and second by Mr. Romero. The further council discussion is champagne. I have an amendment to that motion. Please. I would like to also amend it to request letters from the other utility companies to go along with that and be presented to the city. I would say one. That they have a proof that he's within those said backs. I mean, the same thing if they have to come in and work on the one you get that's rare. You must look at that forever. It's approaching it. So. Mr. Ben. Okay. I'll. Since you were notified by the bank and you stop. How long's it been? Two weeks. Okay. We'll be looking at another month for letters. If you like it. I mean, you might also get the letter for every the house bill in young's world because they're all they're all going to be confined to the same guidelines. The same setback the same utility. You mentioned. You mean, I mean, that's the case. You might as well get a from my house to. It's the same. It's the same. I'm staying. I completely understanding. Okay. Well, I'm saying instead of something happens to my driver, they're going to they're going to dig a mad ride way to it. It doesn't matter whether he's five foot over. It's the same thing. Ten foot is ten foot easement. He's outside. He's at the fifteen foot. I get it. I completely get it. I have I don't have a very low tolerance level though. However, for someone that comes into the city and starts building structures and gets so close to the they he should I have to say this. He should have known someone should have told him to be an in construction and he's a new builder in the city of what those requirements were in restrictions. So I think that he should have known that to tell you to. Then this should hire somebody to make sure not to happen. Maybe the city is dropping a ball. Well, that's isn't the first time we've had to do a variance over the last two, three years. No, we did it three times as well. As they continue to grow. Maybe that one recommendation to mayor would be to potentially look at an additional piece of staff and have someone that maybe monitors this a little quicker. Recommendation. Yeah, again, well, that's just so from the administration standpoint, I'll just let you know. Well, first of all, Miss Champagne has a has a motion on the floor. So I'd like to ask if there's a second. Okay, there's no second. Miss Champagne. I'll just make a comment. New plots. This is FYI for everybody's knowledge. New preliminary new plots that we're approving in our city. We're requiring the front setback or the garage at least to be 25 feet. And the reason why is I think Pam did it. So I just want to I'm sorry to hear the first part of what you said, but I mean, just to echo what you probably did say the intention of it was the gentleman that just left lived on Forest Grove. That is a long strip with the sea of cars on the front. And we don't develop like that anymore. You know, that the street that the gentleman lived on, we required now at 1500 feet. There's, you know, breaks and just because we know people want to live, nobody will, you know, that long strip, no backyard short driveway. So the whole idea that we have imposed through ordinance now is that the garage has to be a minimum of 25 feet. It's to get cars off the, you know, off the drive into the garage because furthermore, you know, just for, I think we're building garages too small. We're building garages too small because that's why we have, that's why you're regulating storage facilities in our city because we're building garages too small. So our intention is to get cars further back off the street. Our respect, our respect, which is saying some own, you know, about the, you know, Pam and I have had some discussion internally because we do have a lot of new contractors here, you know, and we think we need to explore. I don't, I don't think it's, I think we need to have, you go through a lot of licensing with the state. I think today's the first step met you. So I think that it would be beneficial and what we're looking at doing is doing a, you know, almost like continuing education, you know, like every two years, you have to come and, you know, meet with our permitting planning team. Right. I've offered it to the Akati and our home builders to set up. You know, so that way, you know, you have faces with the names now we're doing permitting that's online. So I don't know if you've ever met Kayla, you know, because now it's, I've talked to Blake Romero also, he owns legendary. He's saying, same. He, he, he told me he does a survey and they mark his corn as pouring. So I'm a father. His lead. He's a distant cousin of mine, but I'm a father. His, the saying that. Yeah, and that's probably, I mean, maybe a good practice, but I think that's the benefit of us having these type of informational sessions through the Akati and our home builders and so forth. Because that, that's really has been our, desire and our initiative get the cars out the street further away, make the street shorter, make the streets more cul-de-sacs. Because, you know, that, because we know what happens. Everybody thinks people are speeding, everybody thinks that they're, you know, they need speed bumps. We know the play. It happens. It happens every HOA meeting. So that's, you know, the greater concern. One house in the neighborhood. I don't know. That's up for you guys to decide. But I hope that maybe add some clarity about where we're going. Monster is probably one of the last phase two. That's coming in there. Yeah. So like phase two, as that one gets further, that one will be required to be pushed back. That's going to be 25 feet. We'll be 25 feet. Just, you know, just to put everybody at perspective. So, all right. So we had a, there was a motion and a second on the initial motion that we can stick with. Any public comment? I do. Yes, man, please come forward. Yeah, please. And if you don't mind to share in your name, just have a record. My name is Meredith Gidry. I work for AQ Studios Architecture. I wanted to further the conversation about the whole harmless agreement. If there's an issue with approving moving forward with this situation, I do think that letters would take a long time, especially for a construction schedule that you're trying to hopefully have a resident live in soon. If there's any issue moving forward, I think a whole harmless agreement would be simpler. In the case that you would have to rip up concrete for any easement in the future, it would just be on the contractor to take care of it. And then you can move forward with construction, get someone moved in, and then he can continue construction, knowing the codes that are required for the. So that's my recommendation. Thank you, ma'am. You're welcome. Is there any additional public comment? Yes, ma'am, Councilman Shumpayne. Thank you. My question is for Wade. Can we do a whole harmless that moves forward with the house that's recorded? Sure. I mean, the house will be sold, and then it will be sold again. So can that whole harmless follow? It can't. In case we have to. Successors, yes. I would like to see us get a whole harmless. I mean, that's up to the Council's direction. I mean, the whole harmless technology that. Well, let me, I guess, this back up for a second. So tonight, dependent upon the Council's action, the plot in this neighborhood requires a front setback of 20. In this particular case, should this variance go forward? It'll be noted that, but lots 68 did receive a variance of 15 foot of front setback. I think your concern is hold harmless, hold in the city harmless in the event that there's damage because it is closer to the utilities. Look, 20 foot, 10 foot utilities, ma'am, it's tight when you get in, when you, I'm not an equipment operator, it's a good thing because I would, I would have already knocked those things down. But I think we need to, we need to be thinking about this and all of our communities because as an example, we have some neighborhoods that have five foot utility easements in the houses are like right at the back of the five foot. So I pray that those connections are on tight because, you know, so I do appreciate the awareness I do. So I mean, and it's up to your direction, you know, how you'd like to see it. So if you'd like to offer, if you'd like to offer a motion for that. I'd like to offer a motion that we go with there, but an amendment to their motion just to get them to sign a hold harmless to get way to drop a hold on. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Second that. Okay. So there's a motion and a second to obtain a hold harmless on the project. Okay. Any discussion relative to the hold harmless itself? All right. I'll say it. I just don't understand where our process is when for the past four plus years, we've had variances where contractors have come in and accidentally done something and now all sudden we're asking. Well, I can tell you don't like the area. No, Mr. Remella. No, I'm fine. And I'm fine with him building a house. I think that's a beautiful subdivision. I don't ever remember voting on a variance because someone built something over the said back. There was a couple of them, but I don't know if it was actually a residential structure. We've had it in Sugarmuffin, your own neighborhood. Well, yeah, but I don't know. We've done. We've done. We've done. We've done plenty of variances there. That should hit right at home. I don't know. I struggle with this. I support our first motion that second would lend me. The whole farm would stop. The land would stop. The land would. Yeah, we're putting something. We'd be putting something on the property owner, not on the contract. I think ultimately it would be something that's. Right. Subject to say it would be subject to. We give our utility contractors an easement to bury their lawn in utilities and so what happens when they strike it and it's outside the easement. Right. How do we hold them accountable though? Because I could say how many gaskets I go on where there's an easement that's supposed to be put in the lawns in and then they marked the lawns because the server is mark them right and then they strike the gas line but it's out of the easement. So what are we doing? Are we going to penalize the business owners and young people who are building homes? Are we going to penalize the corporations who aren't doing their job correctly? Because that's what we're doing tonight. We want to put a whole harmless so we can hold responsible to the contractor who wants to build a home and invest in here but we're not going to hold responsible to contractors and the big corporations who can't follow the guidelines on a daily basis. Right. Now I want to just say I do believe we do hold them responsible right? Anybody breaks the lawn with you. Oh yeah. We hold them responsible. Yes. They do hold them responsible. Maybe I should clarify. I haven't seen us make a stink about it in a council meeting like we're doing tonight over this. That's what I'm maybe actually more clear about. Well they didn't come for a variance either. So they just do it and sometimes they don't even say anything. Well a lot of people do a lot of things so. Well let's just let's uh we have a second we can go vote this fall. You got two more seconds. Yeah. Yeah. Is there any additional public comment relative to the whole harmless? I thought I would follow the contractor but I just I take it out. Yeah. Okay. Yes ma'am. We can we can retract your comment from the record relative to that. All right so let's call the let's call for a vote on the on the requirement of a whole harmless on last 68. Following up the landowner not the contractor. It well it I think the way it would be recorded. It cut me from wrong is going to be on the address and it's going to be subject to the land. It would be a discoverable it would follow the landowner. It would be discoverable and title. Because I didn't realize it was following the. No it's on the floor yet to call the vote. You have to call the vote on it. You wouldn't vote on it. Okay. Because there's a second. No I mean you can withdraw. You can withdraw. I can either withdraw or can vote no when it comes up either way. What would you what would what would the clerk in the attorney prefer? Well if you get a vote no I would would draw the second or even vote. Well now it's draw the second. I didn't think it would follow the landowner. I would follow the contractor. Okay. So there's a withdrawal in the second. Any public comment relative to the variance now we're going to be voting on the variance of the reduction of the front setback to 15 feet instead of 20 for the garage. Miss Gidry please call the vote. As soon as we get caught up. Okay. Miss Farahs. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion of fruit. All right. Thank you. We'll have Caleb work with you tomorrow. Thank you. Thank you. Well. You want to do comments at least. You can feel free if you want to comment now. Let's see. Yeah. Is there a reason why you voted yes on that? Yeah. I mean you've been just been a mockery that whole thing about yes. Yeah. That. That means that you say this one of order for the mayor. One of order. That. That is. It's all right when someone wants to attack me and me. But if I go to say anything that they can't. I can't answer the question. It's not an attack. It's just curious. Let's be. Let's be. Let's be respectful to each other. But Miss Shampon feel free to respond. It's already dead. You know, but I think that in a lot of ways. He should have been held responsible. And. When we actually finish all the daily. I was going to ask. I was going to ask the mayor. I do think it's obvious we have a problem with some of our ordinances. Because this. I mean, we have five six variances tonight. Every month we have a variance. A new variance. So you know, our some of our ordinances over 10 years old. So we may have grown them or need to change them in some way. I believe our penalties away. Because we could impose a $500 penalty. I believe by ordinance. But to me, that's not enough. If you if you do that. So. What I'm going to tell you, Lindy is we sit here tonight to make sure that we protect the interests of everyone in the city. So if I wanted to vote yes, I know that's my prerogative. If I wanted to question the problem I had with it, that was my prerogative also. And I think that's what I want to say. I don't want to say that we're going to be able to bring it with it, that was my prerogative also. And I think I did a respectful to all of y'all and I allowed y'all to make y'all comments and did not say one thing about your comments, even though I disagreed with some of them. So I think being respectful should be a point that we should all take on this council because I try every day to come here and be respectful of others, not only in this house, but And so I will after this, I do believe we need to look at our ordinances. I don't mind sitting on a committee mayor if you want to bring us some recommendations on things that we need to change. I think it's obvious that we need to change some things in the city. Because I could go a little bit further right now and say there are times your vote for variances that I just baffles me. And times your vote no, that just baffles me. But I don't ridicule you in a public body. Not ridicule. So variances put in place so that we have a baseline, a pulse check of what we're going to follow. It doesn't mean that it's black and white and coat of law. But what you're doing is you're depicting them on your own personal opinion. So what I merely asked you was why you would have known because you spent the time. Okay, we're to do that. And Mr. Labagiano, you could have asked me that after this meeting had adjourned and not a public meeting. Well, that event probably, but I want to make sure the public understands where you stand. So I'll make sure that they understand where you're at too, sir. Okay. I'm going to end on this note simply. Again, I'm going to start back to where we're heading. We do have we do our new developments of 25 foot front setback and also Pam and I are step ahead and we have a lot of new contractors. Look, I take a lot of pride in that we don't require occupational permits. Hayley has been after me encouraging me to do it often. In part because we want to know who's doing business in the city limits of young zoo. We want to help promote them. We want to help be their biggest advocate. We're rolling out an initiative. I'm just I'm rolling out an initiative to young zoo eats and drinks where we're going to have QR codes leaving the sports complex. We have some cool agenda things in the pipeline. I do think we are moving forward with is licensing for professional services when it comes to residential and commercial construction and contracting. I think the state has excellent baselines but Young'sville has been a step ahead on numerous things in the region and the parish and the state as far as the thermoplye not being an acceptable product. In fact, the state laws now changed based on our input relative to it. So I think that's the direction we're going to move to at a minimum because a little bit of education in the front end I think can announce a prevention can go a long way there. So hi. Hi again. My name is Meredith Gidry. I work for AQ Studios Architecture. I'm here on behalf of Ascension Episcopal School. We are currently. Let's see. Let me introduce that agenda item. If I may. Absolutely. All right. Agenda item 7.5. Variance request to section 1075 AA to allow middle side and on the exterior walls to match existing architecture for Ascension Episcopal School Baseball Fieldhouse. Miss Gidry. Thank you. Yes. So we are building a new facility structure on the athletic portion of their campus. The adjacent structures are all metal. Our new structure that will be added to this area is nestled within those surrounding structures, including a baseball field. There is a bullpen. Our new building will match the same colors. So we're requesting a variance to forego having to have a second material on this particular structure. Also the structure is not visible from the main road. So it will not be seen from the public. It will only be seen by the campus and the baseball team. And really we want to move forward with this project because it's been in process for a few years. And I have some representatives from the administration staff here with me from Ascension. So yeah. That's why I'm here today. Thank you. Thank you very much. Any comments or questions from the council, Mr. Romero? Yeah. I just want to confirm because it's been a while since I've been out there. So we're talking about on the side of the softball first base dugout in front of the current batting cators behind the baseball field, right? Right. Let's hear it. Okay. Thank you. Well said. Councilwoman. Yeah. Councilwoman Barris. I'm just going to move to the motion to accept. All right. A motion by Ms. Barris. Second of second by Mr. Romero. Any public comment or discussion? The only comment I just want to offer. I think it's excellent. We've met. We've discussed all y'all's intention here. Depending upon the council action, I just I'm unaware that there's any deed restrictions on that property or anything like that. I just would, you know, I would just maybe just be aware of that. If there's any deed restrictions, that would maybe supersede any type of variances that we would apply here. Okay. All right. Is there any additional comment from the council? Yeah. I just want to make one comment, Mr. Mayor. Oh, yeah. I know we're talking about variances and just for clarification while I like this, we're talking about essentially public or well, the kids, you know, private entities, stuff like that, schooling, things like that. So I think in this case, appearance like this, we've done in best. Yes. Yes. And I've met with Kayla and the team at Youngspill. And we discussed the materials and made sure that they're cohesive with the whole campus. Yeah. Great. Thank you. Yes, ma'am. Ms. Shampa. Thank you, Mayor. And I would agree with Mr. Romero. We've done this for southside recently. And a big point with me is it won't show from the road. But they are also building the buildings in the front on Shem and Metery. So I think that's one of those instances that we probably need to really look at that ordinance. And we've done this for southside. I do remember that. And Oracle. All right. Any additional comment? All right. This motion is second. The schedule. Call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Shampa. Yes. Mrs. Barrett. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion. Thank you all very much. And congrats. I know the soccer teams are doing well. All right. Thank you. Thank you. All right. And the other sports. Y'all are doing great over there. All the sports in case I'm missing. All right. 7.6. 7.6. Mr. Clifton. Atkins is requesting a release of property bound by ABC and D for a future road. It's shown on a final flat dated May 90, 2006. It's a residential lot on Beacon Tribe within shadow. It's a very good place to sit. It's a very good place to sit. Mr. Attkins, isn't Mr. Attkins couldn't make it. My name is Dylan Magnolia. I work with you. Slay, surveying and mapping. Okay. He had asked me to be on here on his behalf. Okay. Thank you for being here. And sir. Good evening, Mayor. Council, my name is RJ. I'm Saka. Jr. I developed shadow works subdivision back in 2004 when when it was a town. And just as perspective when we were getting our preliminary plat proved, Robert Dagle was in the back talking about a 500 acre development he was going to do up the road called Shadow Sugar Mill Pond. So it was at a time when we found a lot of 20, 30 acres and surrounding that subdivision were several other sugar cane fields. When there was no traffic it really was just outskuried. We decided when the Phase II was approved that there was an extra land basically. We didn't have enough additional land to make another lot. So internally we were looking at some other properties around that subdivision and we said well let's just make make a road or we'll just put this is for maybe a future road not designated by the city or the town to be a future road. It didn't lead anywhere just so happen that we were in discussions with a farmer I guess south of the neighborhood where that would have run into. We were talking about potentially purchasing that land and then extending our subdivision into that property. But it wasn't it wasn't a does if I looked at the preliminary or the notes Raymond Ray was the engineer at the time it was not a requirement that that be designated as a future road by any municipality or entity or LCG or anyone that was an internal designation. Mr. Ackins now is asking that that it be released as a future road and I'm just here to import just some input in that if that it was that it was an municipal designated for for future anything it was just our internal way to mark that there was additional space. I understand that in the event and I'm not sure if there's opposition to this or not I spoke with Mr. Ackins and he had mentioned that well. This may cause an issue with a right of access and and my thought there was one that right of access was never granted there were no servitudes granted there's no right of ways there's nothing officially designating that designation on the plant. So I think that the process is very important to road in any way legally obligates the owner of the development to have made a road. And in the event there is an adjacent property owner that says well if you don't let that one day be a road then I'm going to somehow be landlock well there are already landlocked there they're landlocked now because it's not a road. But if it was a case that they were asking for legal servitude to allow access to the nearest public road the way to do that would be that you would have to find the least injurious way to access someone else's property to have that road grants or that servitude granted by a judge but that's the big legal proceeding. So if you want to get to the point that you know everyone get to argue well no don't come across my property there's a better way over here it doesn't interfere so so even with even with objections to what is before the council today I don't think that that objection really rises to to be sufficient in the sense that that it's not a road or a designated right of way for anyone at this point. Great to put a face with the name I've seen your senior name and heard about you so nice to meet you. So look we don't have the administration doesn't have an objection other than the recorded plat in your packet does say property bound by ABC and D is for a future road. So what would is being requested the property the next door property owner Mr. Adkins has acquired this property he's free to do that what's happened though is now he's come before the administration requesting that that those two separate pieces of parcel are being combined as one. I haven't gone to surveying school however my my concern was that I wasn't here when this plat was recorded you're right today we would do it as a future stub out road but you know generally I mean the way we've handled Plats as we put we we don't put unnecessary comments on Plats we put comments on Plats that we want to adhere to you know as a governing body so just based on the best information we just wanted to share. That what interpreted how you'd like but on the on the plat that was recorded it does say that property was bound by ABC and I will I will also say I don't have any interest in building a stub out street there nor do we own the property if we wanted to do so we would have to we would have to approach Mr. Atkins to in an effort to buy it back or to acquire it back from Mr. Atkins but since the request has been before us to combine two Plats into one. We were just following what our process is today in any type of subdivision of property or in the you know combination of property comes before you. Yes sir I'm not going to be for Terry I don't know he was suggesting how there is an easement right away but I'm pretty confident I do use that easement for drainage clean out and whatnot. Yeah right so I guess I have a way yeah how we do this that needs to be at least that this the some sort of how do we legally go about having that right away where we can so we have to see we'd have to see if there's any existing easement on there so you don't miss out to get rid of that as a drainage easement we if you're going to build what I would recommend you say no you know what I'm saying is if you're planning to build some you're going to have to stay outside that easement right. And we talked to the property owner and let him know that we have to call with him and we did let him know that about the drainage and there are as a designated channel it is got it has a prescriptive right even if you don't have another there's a prescriptive easement on it first to be able to maintain the channels but we did but yes the mayor is correct it is not on the plate as a residential lot so it wasn't as simple as saying I'm combining two lots it was one lot that he owns and it was ABC. And it was ABCD for future and that is the reason why is that we couldn't just simply do a boundary line adjustment which was what was submitted to us. Okay and and Mr. Volgiano we we do have a pinning drainage project there that I know is in the in their queue I mean that's still moving forward and and what's what we're asking you for tonight is just to just allow us to record a new plan that just removes removes that stipulation of what those property bounds you know were to be or to move forward with the combination of it and we can make sure that on it on the on the new one that the drainage easements stipulated so that we were not having to figure out what's prescriptive or not we can just indicate it on there with whatever whatever our team needs. All motion. All right thank you motion by Volgiano second by Mr. Romero any council comment any any additional public comment. All right if there's no additional no comment misgidry please call the vote. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Nice meeting you both. Thank you very much. All right thank you all. All right resolutions 8.1 resolution 2026 0.2 resolution authorizing the redemption of the outstanding excess revenue bond series 2017 of the city of young so Louisiana and providing for other matters in connection there with. For everyone's benefit with this is we are paying down some debt early we are in a financial position that Catherine and I believe that it's that we're in a position to do it and we want to take advantage of paying down this debt early. Motion by Mr. Volgiano and second by Miss jump on any council comment any public comment. Okay there's no public comment Nicole please call the vote. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Miss Shopping. Yes. Motion approved. All right council the next the next three are relative to amendments to the current fiscal years capital improvement budget. They're all very similar this year we have well let me read the agenda item and then it'll address the other ones resolution 2026 0.3 resolution of many in the 2025 2026 capital projects budget. Young so parks and recreation fund in the amount of 140,000 to reappropriate funding from the LED lighting baseball project to a tennis court lighting project. I think we have 300 and roughly 50,000 earmarked in this year's budget to upgrade the upgrade lighting on the baseball fields to LED. Tim and the our team have decided that that's a project that we were intending to put on hold this year and not spend those funds. However we've also our tennis director has applied for our grant coming off of the heels of being the Louisiana tennis facility of the year and in one of the handful of USDA premier facilities in the country. So we have a grant that is $60,000 that would be reimbursable. So what I'm requesting to take places to move 140,000 out of the budget item that we were going to use for LED baseball lighting and move it to the LED tennis project of which 60,000 of this will be reimbursable. Motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Mr. Romero, any public comment? Okay, no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you, Council. This is a project we're going to try to move pretty quickly on because we are excited and proud that we're going to be hosting a collegiate tournament for minstowns. Within the next month. So this will be exciting. They'll be able to have incorporate some nighttime matches at the at the facilities, my understanding. So this will be a good win for us. 8.3 is resolution 2026 04 resolution of many the 2526 capital projects budget parks and recreation fund in the amount of 37,000 to reappropriate funding from the LED lighting baseball project to a tennis court resurfacing project. So again, not what we're not doing the LED upgrade on the baseball fields and using some of that budget item to resurface the tennis courts at Foster Park. All right, motion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Barres, any public comment on this item? No public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, motion approved. Resolution 8.4, excuse me, a gin item 8.4 resolution 2026 05 resolution of many the 2526 capital projects budget, YSC Parks and Recreation Fund in the amount of 7,000 to reappropriate funding from the expansion expansion maintenance shed to the Toro Pro Force below or the expansion maintenance shed is also a capital item that we're not moving forward with this year and we're just going to make more efficient use of the Foster Park maintenance shed that's been that's been very helpful and allocate more money to the to the blower item, which will be a capital item that's currently within the budget. We just don't have sufficient funding in that line item. Motion by Mr. Bolziano, second by Councilman Barres, any public comment or discussion? All right, hearing none, Ms. Gidry. Yes, yes, yes, Mr. Romero, yes, motion approved. Okay, two ordinances for introduction tonight, a gin item 9.1 is ordinance 509 2026 in ordinance of the city of young Zoe Louisiana, I'm in the code of ordinances chapter 110 design standards in chapter 107 commercial development requirements as it relates to finished floor determinations for residential and commercial developments. Motion introduced. Thank you motion by Councilmember Romero, second by Councilmember Bolziano, any council comment, question or public comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Barres, yes, Mr. Volziano, Mr. Romero, yes, yes, and finally agenda 9.2. Thank you. Ordinance 510 2026 in ordinance of the city of young Zoe Louisiana declaring movable property is surplus and further authorizing the demolition and disposal and accordance with state law. Motion by mayor for a simple, johnos, their second. All right, second by Councilmember Romero, any council comment or discussion? Building is this is the this is the property city acquired property at the corner of Bonan Prescott. Iberia in the curve there. So this is the property city that is directly outside of the Prescott entrance to Sugarmo Pond and we've acquired it always with the intention that that building would be demolished at some point. So this is just as the plans continue to advance for that roundabout project at that intersection. This is just advancing some of the paperwork necessary to declare that building surplus and eventually clear the property and preparation for the construction. Yes. All right, any council comment or any public comment or question? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero, yes, yes, yes, yes, Mr. Volziano, motion approved. Thank you, Nicole. Pam, any updates for the council and then we'll hear from Susan in 10. Yes. Okay, so highway 89. I'm sure you guys have seen so we have finished paving asphalt paving everything north of fortune road. However, we are working in working on our medians and working on some of our center islands. So it still operates as a single roundabout. So that project is about 75% complete. We're starting to work on the south arm. The last two lanes that we have south to stable palms will actually three because we have a turning lane as well. We're in the process of doing a sole summit of the base on fortune road. That's about 95% complete. There's one little small area of that what we're doing that's actually considered the fortune road project and not the highway 89. We're going to have a little panel highway 92 Prescott. We are 80% complete on those design plans highway 92 the left turn lanes. They're going to start. There's going to be I guess it would be six by your determination, but it's three three areas of turn lanes. And we will start first by Paul Frey and Park Bonac. Of course, they were they you've seen some stakes. You've seen the utilities. So we're going to find make sure the utilities were all marked in case people are asking. I did talk to McDonald's because they wanted to know when and I did get the number of the person so I could let them know when they're at that area, but he is very thankful for the turn lane. So we didn't want to scare anybody with it, but we are checking to make sure that there's no utility surprises since utility companies do not have to mark one or survey. So we're going to start the job that is going to start early March. The Anzum Cooley detention project. We're just waiting on the approval of the environmental review. Once we have that, we can conduct appraisals topic and offer on the properties. The striping contract. We're going to go out for advertisement in March on the striping contract. And that's going to be to do miscellaneous striping throughout the city on roads that like cement, man, and others that we know the striping has faded. So the Riviera road, that is about 50% complete. They were working on the sole cement for the northbound lanes. They started that on Tuesday. And so they're about 50% complete. And the reason they're doing that, they're trying to finish everything on that lane. And then they're still going to make it southbound, but they're going to have to switch traffic to that because of the difference in elevation as you get closer to highway 92. So they've changed the timing on when the bridges would be done because of the differential in the elevations. Once they actually started doing the work, it became a little bit more difficult to try to put the bridge in the bridge right now, which is, that's what would be happening right now in this time. And then on, you know, as the mayor said earlier, I just want to comment education is key. We do have a flyer that's going to go out in the building that lets homeowners know what permits they actually need. I think we have a lot, you know, we have a lot of new people, we have a lot of people. I think you're getting a lot of variances because they don't know what they don't know. So it's, we're letting property owners know and then we're going to bring in not only contractors, but design professionals like the mayor said, have them come in. I've also been talking to HOAs and as many builders as I can. And I also have offered to go with the mayor to Katie and home builders association to let them know because there's a lot of stuff that many of the younger. I don't know if they're not always younger, but the newer design and construction professionals that are coming in are nowhere near familiar with some of our ordinances and requirements. And we have a lot of HOAs that don't know either. And so they again, they don't know what they don't know about what they're not supposed to say yes to and about what they're supposed to make sure people get permits from us. So we're trying to stop it at the beginning. I do believe before we make too many drastic modifications to the ordinances. I don't think it's ordinances as much as it is. You get variances because people don't read them before or people don't know. So we really I really believe we need to try education first. And like as many of them don't even know our very simple ordinances that we have. So yeah, no, that's great. I didn't thank you for the elaboration because when I was talking about education earlier, I didn't go into detail. But yes, we've already proved and approved the mail out for all of our utility customers. No, no, when you need to permit really educational. I mean, we want to put as much information in front of the residents and give them the give them the tools. Nobody's more proud of their home and their investment in the property owner. We just want to give them when we've taken time to meet and explain. You can almost see like an aha moment because they there's a sudden buy into what's going on. So I do think that's going to go a long way. So thank you for spearheading that. Absolutely. And like I told the mayor, we have a lot of residents, but you have a very finite amount of design professionals and contractors that are working here. So if you let them know on the forefront, then they're not going to propose a design of a house that goes from right up against the easement to write up against an easement to set back to set back. They'll know more about it so that they can then because many of the homeowners we've talked to, they just didn't know. So I think if everybody knows and it helps them pass the information on to the homeowner about, you know, what it means if you build a hundred percent house. You're not getting the pool. Yeah, what would we. Yeah, that's. You're not getting a pool. That's real, real, real. And it's not going into the detention. You know, I mean, it's that simple. We, I think we have one more edit on that communication piece that we intend to probably go out in them, but the above ground. Okay, I made it. I just forgot to send it back. Okay. So what I'll do is we can let's share it. We can share it with the council and our plan is to that it'll be out with the March utility bills for that phase. Any questions for Pam or relatives, any of the projects that McBade's handling. All right, if there's none, we'll welcome Susan to give us an update on the projects that she's overseeing and designing. Thank you, Mayor. The wastewater plant, the contractor has mobilized. He's coordinating the new electrical service and they're doing earthwork to be able to construct the sequencing battery actors. At the water plant, we're just doing pretty much punch list items, everything's operational, except for a few things that kings that come up that we work in those out. We're preparing big documents to receive vids to install the fourth filter to allow for more expansion of the service area for the plant. Sugar mopon upgrade. We're we're progressing on the plans for the force main and working on a letter of no objection. We've got all the servitudes, letter of no objection from the gas on company. We have all the servitudes secured pump station five. We've got the health department permit. We are ready to finalize the bid documents. I think we're going to pause it to be able to address three pump station upgrades that we need to do. We can have a ready for the completion of the wastewater treatment plant. So that's pump stations one on church street eight on Daryl and 17 feel crest. So we'll be working on those as well. Any questions or concerns about Susan's handling mostly we're not mostly entirely water and sewer right now. She can do more but she's doing water and sewer right now. All right. If there's nine thank you Susan appreciate the work on it. Tim any update for the council and the public. Yes sir. Thank you mayor. A bitty basketball their regular season is over and we're moving into the all store play for bitty basketball. We've done our coaches drafts and have taken have taken place for our YSC baseball and softball and we'll begin practicing on March 16th. We the weekend baseball tournaments at YSC and expansion will all start up again next weekend starting next weekend. Southside soccer has begun practice and they're going to start their weekend games starting next weekend. The Mardi Gras Mamba of course is I think it's a six six then your Mardi Gras Mamba women's collegiate tournament will be taking place of course this weekend Friday the games are at two and four. Saturday three and five and Sunday at 10 a.m. Tonight's out these during an eastern Illinois's or playing a game which started at eight o'clock on southern airfield that game was free free entrance for tonight. All tournament information can be found at the young zool sports complex dot com. The in state schools of the southeastern nickels Louisiana tech and northwestern the out of state teams will be Sam Houston state Georgia state southern Illinois eastern Illinois University of New Mexico and University of St. Thomas. Any questions about parks and right. Any any announcements from the from the day is from the council. Let's wait one second please. They announced when smash a water burger will be pretty close. I'm actually about to talk about that. Well first of all I want to just remind the public that leadership young zool applications are currently open the deadline for your application is March six. It is open to any one who lives in young zool works in young zool owns a business in young zool or is a member of the young zool chamber of commerce. If you don't know young leadership young zool is a great way to learn more about your community and how it operates on the back in a lot of the folks up here. And including Pam and Tim they all and they put on lots of great sessions that give you a lot of the inner workings about our infrastructure our public works. And so this is a great way to get to know more about the young zool community and I encourage everyone to sign up. As Mr. Moan was talking about we've got a few ribbon cuttings coming up soon. So the first one is maze on dental. It'll be on February 20th at 11 a.m. That is the dentist office that is going to be by water burger. And so the next one is having a new ribbon cutting on March 10th at 10 a.m. And then what a burger is they they just received the king center just received their stripping of occupancy so I know that they are about to start training their staff. for that coming soon. And then last but not least, Saturday is our Marty Girl parade. So everybody come out and have fun. Remember the roads along the parade route officially closed at 9 a.m. unless the officers find that we have a public safety issue and need to close sooner to keep everyone safe. But everybody please come out, enjoy, be respectful, be responsible. And as the mayor has said in the past, act like you've been somewhere before. Thank you. And also happy, happy morning, happy Valentine's Day. Thank you, Hayley. Michelle Prime. Michelle, I'm sorry. No, that's what I wanted. I wanted to water about water with kids, my ass. It looked like they were trying to prepare, trying to open for the body of the office. Yes. It's what I was told. I did inquire about getting a temporary CO to be able to serve during that day. And I didn't have an objection to it, provided that they received their other permits through health or whoever else was necessary. So I don't know where that landed, but I know that they were making an effort to try to capitalize on more. It looks very nice. It does. Anything else, ma'am? Yes, I will, sir. Okay, any other announcements from the desk? I want to say, I know we're going to think you'll later, but Terry, your whole crew, Tim, you know, Mary, your staff, everybody who puts all the effort into the Marta Girl, it's probably the most anticipated event. Every year in Young's World, chief you as well. You know, good luck to all of y'all and hopefully y'all. We're on smooth, like you always do. I mean, y'all make it. Young's World looks good every time y'all get out there. So appreciate it. Except exceptionally grateful. We're dependent on a lot of help from outside agencies to come in and help that day. And this year will be no exception. Looks like last look, the weather's continuing to hopefully be more favorable for us. So echo all the comments. So any other business before the council this evening? All right, I'll entertain a motion to adjourn then. Move to adjourn. All right, is there a second? Miss Bahra seconds? Yep. All in favor. All right. Meeting adjourn, have a great evening. Thank you, everyone. Looks like the top.