 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you then la you the civic servants, Lord, to serve the community of Young'sville. Lord, I pray that you give us wisdom, insight, fresh perspective, innovative ideas, understanding, Lord, we just thank you for all of those, for all of just the fruitfulness of our of our labors and the fruitfulness of our ministry. Lord, I pray your blessings upon this meeting and just your blessings upon Young'sville. Lord, as we, as I was driving here today, Lord, I was just thinking about how grateful it is to be in this spring season in such a beautiful city. Lord, I thank you for everyone who's just made so much effort to make Young'sville a wonderful place to live. And Lord, we just thank you and we just give you honor and glory as we just engage today. Lord, we thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Wedge allegiance to the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote or call the attendance. Excuse me. Ms. Barras, here, Mr. Bogyano, Mr. Romero, here. Mr. Nylon, here. Ms. Chalván, here. All right, agenda item 4.1 approval of the meeting minutes February 12, 2026. Emotion by Mr. Bogyano, second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? All right. Ms. Latherwood, please call the vote. Ms. Chalván? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Staying, I wasn't here. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Bogyano? Yes. Ms. Barras. Yes. Ms. Bogyano. Ms. Bogyano. A agenda item 5.1 approval of the January 2026 finance report. Emotion by Mr. Bogyano, second by Mrs. Barras. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Okay, here are no public comment. I'm talking slow. Ms. Latherwood, please call the roll. Ms. Barras. I'm Ms. Barras. Yes. Mr. Bogyano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Ms. Chalván? Yes. All right, we do have one public hearing. This evening for a preliminary platage in item 6.1 is request for preliminary plat approval of Good Rich Properties of Louisiana LLC, a residential development creating lots for a 1 and for a 2 located section 2 T 11s are for E. Pam, you're handling this one? All right, thank you. Aaron, council, I think you have a new we had to do a revised letter that was put at your seats because there are some additional issues that an adjacent property owner has brought to light with regards to the plat. So we have some conditions that we needed to add. So first of all, we do recommend the preliminary plat approval, but with these revisions and conditions attached to it. We need to identify the temporary access easement on the plat and submit the legal instrument for the temporary access easements. There is an access that was mentioned, but the actual access is not put on the plat. Identify the data and the address of each lot and there was a previous dedicated utility easement on the east side, which was not put on the plat, but we were given a previous plat that had that on there. And then we need them to include existing buildings on the plat. Whenever there's existing topo like this, we like to have it because it's our understanding that one of the buildings is encroaching on set easement that has infrastructure in it. There are several historical utilities for adjacent property owners as well as easements and there are several permanent structures in the utility easements and right away. And so we would like to have a condition that all of the conflicts need to be identified and or address prior to final plat approval. And then the regular things that we have with regards to whoever would build on those lots are attached in the other conditions. Anyone on the council have comments for Ms. Grange? This is a public hearing so we'll invite any public comment that may exist relative to the proposed subdivision of this property. All right, Mr. Romero? Motion requests to preliminary approval of good rich properties with the amendment of all conflicts be addressed prior to final plat approval. All right, motion by Mayor Pro Tem Romero and the second Ms. Councilman Shampine. Any additional comment or question? Okay, there's no public comment. Please call the roll. Mr. Ms. Barez? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Ms. Shampine? Yes. Motion approved. All right, Mr. Nottom 7.1 is presentation and acceptance of the audit report for the fiscal year in E. June 30th, 2025. And Mr. Brad Polder's here to do that presentation. Brad, thanks for being here with us. Thank you, Mayor. Good evening. Mayor, Council and public. Is this one? Good. Here to present the audit for June 30th, 2025. I stood here about a year ago and unfortunately I had to deliver the news that you guys had 10 findings and that was a bit high for young people. We hadn't had that in recent history for sure. And I remember saying at that time that I was hoping to stay in here today a year later and say that we're down to one or two. Happy to report that you did better than that. You have no findings. And I don't remember the last time you had no findings. We talked about the exit conference. It was before my time. I've been doing this audit with my father before by myself here for 15 years. And so at least for 15 years you didn't have zero. But you do have zero this year. It's a lot to be proud of. Credit to Catherine Hurtine from reducing from 10 to zero. Because to have zero, we have a few points that have that. But to go from 10 to zero is extremely uncommon. So credit to the mayor. You guys appear for doing such a good job and getting to this point. Also want to point out obviously we do all this audit. We're talking about a lot of numbers today. But you have an unmodified opinion on the financial statements and on the single audit. Again, you had that last year. You had the findings that are both unmodified. Unmodified being the best opinion we can give a CPA. That you typically have seen. That's what you want to see. That's what you have this year. Wanted to get those opening comments out. It's going to be really booked in about a bunch of good news. There's really not any bad news in this report. It's always good to make these type of presentations. Any questions about the lack of findings or the audit opinion. If there's not, let's go to pages 62 and 63 in the audit report. And we're going to go over the utility fund here. And it'll be a common theme of good news on top of good news throughout this meeting. And the utility fund is where we're going to kick it off. I don't page 63. I'll go through the department. So we'll end with the front totals on page 62. I'm just going to hit the high spot. But if anybody has anything, please stop me. Starting with sanitation, you can see that revenues in 2024, million, 991, increased to $2,297. So over $300,000 increase in the revenues. The expenditures, the second to last line, and also the increase in $2,154,000 to $2,310. But look at the bottom line improvement. You had a loss last year of $162,000. That loss was reduced to $13,000. Always say, I'd like to see sanitation at profitable or at least break even. Last year we weren't close. We were very, very close this year. And so hopefully I'm standing here here from now, and maybe we have $13,000 profit in settle loss. But still, tremendous amount of progress was made in sanitation during 2024, 25. Moving on to sewer, you can see, large increase in the revenues. $2,000,419, a shade below $3,000,000, a $2,000,987, almost $570,000 increase in the revenues. So very strong, healthy increase in the revenues. The expenditures listed out there, but the second to last line, I mean, it's a total, $2,250, last year, $2,555. So an increase of about $305,000 a year over a year. But the revenues for our pace, the increase in the expenditures, and look at the improvement in the bottom line. Last year we had a profit of over $169,000, which is a pretty good year to be honest with you for sewer. This year though, did a lot better than that at a profit of $432,000. That's a really exceptional because sewer is very difficult to make money because of the amount of costs that go into it. And sometimes just unexpected repairs. You had an excellent year this year. Moving on to water, a similar story, just even a bit better, maybe than that the previous two, $2,024,000, $4,248, coming in this year at $5,141, a shade below $900,000 increase in the revenues. Looking at the expenditures, those did increase, $4,769,000 up to $5,780,000, so almost $310,000 there. But the revenues forward outpaced the expenditures here again, and look at the improvement in water. We had an operating loss last year of over $520,000. That's not great. But we had this year a profit of $63,000. So to improve with almost $585,000 year over year, again, to make that type of leap in one year is uncommon, but you guys did it. So each department saw increases in revenues expenditures, but revenues outpaced, bottom line improved, all three departments. Moving on to page 62, you can imagine where we add this all together with the story's going to be. But looking at $2,024 revenues, $8,660,000, up to $10,426,000, about $1.7 million increase in revenues year over year. That's really great. Expenses did increase as we saw in each department. So when we bring it together, $9,174 last year, up to $9,943, so about $770,000 increase year over year. And you look at the bottom line we had last year from an operation standpoint. We had a loss of $514,000. This year we have a profit of $482,000, almost a million dollar swing on operations in one year. Again, that's exceptional. I didn't expect to stay in here and say that. I was hoping to be at least break even. Again, you guys did a lot better than that. That's not the end of the revenue story here in Youngsville, though you guys do have a property tax. That's in the non-operating revenue section. Those revenues did go from $590,000 last year to $630,000 there about in the current year. And you do have some interest expense. So total non-operating revenues in this case, $552,000 last year, $508,000 in the current year. So income before transfers, excuse me, $990,000 this year compared to $38,000 last year. So huge improvement year over year. Also worth pointing out. So fourth to last line out, it was capital contributions. I don't always go over this because it's not normally a big item. I go over. You see last year, it was nothing. This year, $6.5 million. You had a lot of money coming in from water sector and some from the wastewater project. I think the water sector money was mostly for a water plant. Is that correct, Mayor? And so you can see $6.5 million of additional infrastructure was also put into place during this past fiscal year. So from the utility point standpoint, utility fund, just an exceptional year overall on pages 62 and 63. Any questions on what I want to read over here? Let me just share in case anyone in the audience has an iPad, you can follow along. It's youngsville.us at the bottom left. There's quick links that have the 2025 audit report. So anyone viewing it at home as well. If there's no questions on 62 and 63, let's look at page two of the handouts. That's the per customer per month. And what we do here is we break down each department and give you four years of history of the total number of customers, the income, operating expenses. And then that bottom line is called operating income or loss without depreciation. Another simple way to say that is simply cash. Are we generating cash or losing cash in that particular department? So starting with water in the top left, you can see the trend of the customers going up every year. Last year, we had about 7,000 customers shade under that. This year, over 7,600 water customers. About 10% growth in the water customers year over year. Income, you can see, it's relatively flat, 22 through 24. A bit of an increase from 23 to 24. But 5631 is the high watermark and open intended for the water department in the income. And you look at the operating expenditures, 5561 this year versus 5710 last year. But look at the operating income. We saw this in the audit report. You actually had operation income this year, 70 cents. May not seem that great. But coming from last year, we had a loss of 623. Some massive improvement, almost $7 improvement year over year. Again, not common. Depreachations running, give or take 550. And then we get to that bottom line, as I said, basically from a cash standpoint, what are you doing? You generate it $6.30 of cash this year. Now, actually, you lost 73 cents per customer per month. That's a $7 swing in one year. Again, want to be profitable for sure, but definitely want to generate cash. We didn't do that last year. I mean, a big improvement we're doing that this year. So, water is where you want it to be, which is great. Looking at sewer, we have growth in customers. Not at the same rate that maybe we're having in water, but we do have growth 5,700 customers last year, almost 6,300 this year. And you look at the income in sewer. It's pretty much stagnant from 22 and 24, right around that $35 mark. We pretty much just hover there for three years. And then in 25, we make a big jump to almost $40, $39.59. The expense is kind of tick up each year pretty consistently. But you do have operating incomes all four years in front of you. 5,73 this year compared to 244 last year. So, a big improvement year over year. You can see in 22 and 23, running about $11, we'll call it roughly into appreciation. Close to the $15, the past two years, because of those increases in the infrastructure and the utility fund. And then we get to what do we know from a cash perspective in sewer. Generating cash all four years in front of you, but at $20.31, this is the high water mark. For sewer, this is the best you've done. Previous two years around that $17, $18 mark. So at 20, and that may be the best it's ever been, Mayor, quite honestly. Certainly the best of these past four years, but possibly the best ever. And then bottom left is garbage. You can see here again, very similar to water and sewer growth in the number of customers. We were right around that $20 mark in 22 and 23 for income. Jumped up to almost $24 last year, almost $26 this year. And you see the steady trend of the operating expenses, somewhat outpacing or they are outpacing the revenues. But look at the improvement we made when we were losing between two and two 50 per customer from a cash basis, between 2022 and 2024, we improved to only losing 15 cents per customer per month. So I'd like to stand here and be break even a little bit of profit. We lose in 15 cents per year, $1.95 I have to tell you, that's a big improvement year over year. So a good job there. And then bring it all together in the bottom right for the entire fund. You can see the steady trend and increase in the income, last year, almost $110 this year, over $121. Look at how similar your expenses are in these batches in these two years. So in 22 and 23, right about $96 we're rounded. And then 24 and 25, right about $115. Again, per customer per month. Operational wise, we have a profit this year, $628 compared to a loss last year, $574, year before that, a profit of $670. Adding back the appreciation of about $20 similar to last year, we get to a cash perspective and utility fund of almost $26.50. That's $12 better than we were last year at $14.66. And here again, the highest number on the page. Back in 22 and 23, we were about $23 and changed $26.46 being the best it's been over the previous four years for sure. So as I said, it's to be a lot of good news today, starting with utility fund, all good news. Any questions on the handout or the audit report pages? If there is not, we can go to page 65 and the audit report and we'll cover the sports complex. Not as dramatic as improvements as we saw in utility, but improvements nonetheless. And I think you'll take them. Looking at page 65, you can see the different sources, the revenues are not going to hit each one. I'm going to hit the total last year, $1,376 in income for the sports complex. This year about 73,000 increased to a million, 448. So good to see an increase in the revenues. Expenses are listed out in detail. I know we're talking with Mary Catherine, the exit. Part of the effort this year was to reduce some of the expenditures in the sports complex, which has not been something that's been able to be done almost ever to see a reduction in expenditures. So while it's not a huge reduction, I think any reduction should be commended. And that's what we do have this year. Last year we had total expenditures of $5.5 million. This year, the decrease by about $100,000 to $5.4 million. So there's a movement between categories, but because of the growth of the complex, it's been uncommon to be able to reduce those expenditures, which it did do in fiscal 25, again, excellent job there. And so because of the increase in the expenditures, excuse me, a decrease in the expenditures and an increase in the revenues that operating loss got smaller. Not by a lot, but it did get smaller. Last year we lost 4.15 million. This year we lost 3.9 million. Will I stand here and this line will become profit one day? I don't know, probably not. But we get to the non-operating revenues and expenditures, and you'll see a change that we made in fiscal 25, and I like this statement a lot better now because of it. To me, you can make better decisions on it. You look at it and you see the big number that jumps off in that section is sales tax and that a collection of spend. We used to report the sports complex sales tax separately. That money is dedicated solely for the sports complex. It's all you can spend it on. So now we're reporting it here, and on this statement, you'll get a much better sense of, rather than me saying, if you add back the sales tax and you do this and that, where do you get? You can see it right here on the page. So the only thing I feel lady with this sports complex, not on page 65 is your bond principle. And that's right at 1.4 million. Okay, that's the only thing we can't report here. So you get to that income or loss before capital contributions and transfers, you can see a lot of shares that big loss of 5.2, which is why we're typically say add back the sales tax and you'll be basically break even. There should you can actually see it. You actually have an income of $25,000 when you factor in the sales tax. It might say we're Brad, I mean, with the bond principle of 1.4 million, are we still in the whole cash wise? No, you're not. Depreciation is the biggest expense on the page, 1.7 million. So your cash positive round number, about $500,000. When you take everything consideration, the sales tax and the sports complex, everything on this page, your cash positive, about a half million dollars. So this statement to me makes it easier to understand and say that up here. Because sometimes, slip between the pages is not the easiest thing to do. And not everybody does it for a living like things. So again, big improvement here. I know it's marginal improvement, but improvement is good to report. Any questions here on page 65? OK. With that being said, let's now go to page one of the handout. And that's going to allow us to summarize the entire operations of the city on one page. Rather than flipping through 10, 15 pages in this report, the entire operations, including the utility fund and sports complex, are summarized here on page one. You've seen this before. The far left column is your final amended budget. Next to that is your actual numbers for this audit, the variance between the budget and the actual numbers this year. And then you have three prior audit year numbers on the fourth three columns to the right. I just take a look at the tax at the top of the page. Your budget at $20.5 million, you're brought in $20.9 million, $383,000 more than you thought last year was $20,860,000. So pretty much flat when you factor in the taxes across the different types of taxes you have, but not a bad situation. It is up a little bit. Not up a lot, but up a little bit. I think we'll in the exit conference Catherine Cremic from wrong. I think this year, we're almost over this fiscal year, 7.8% up. So standing here next to you, sales tax would be up 7.8%, which is great. Moving on to licenses and permits, a lot of activity here and you expected it. Your budget at $2.1 million came in at $2,000,000, $68,000. And you can see that's the highest of the previous three years. The high water market for that about $1,000,000, five, a lot of activity and coaching permits this year. Integral middle was the big standout between the budget and what you brought in. You expected $7.9 million. You actually got $10.9 million, about $8.5 million of that is from the state. For a variance of about $3 million, you see the previous three years back in 23, we got 9.4 million, but 10.9 being the highest of the four years on the page. Utility fund, we went over that sports complex, we just covered. Then we get to fines and forfeit. Your budget is $7.67 million, your brought in $8.60 million, so about $100,000 more than you thought. A bit below where you've been the previous two years, though, but higher than where we were in 2022. And then miscellaneous, the catch-all, your budget at $2.73 million, brought in $710,000, quite a bit more than you thought. But very comparable to last year at $7.35. A lot of this is interesting, guys. Total budget of revenues for the city of Young'sville, $43.5 million came in at $47.4 million, or $3.8 million more than you thought. So if you're going to miss on revenue, this is how you want to miss. You want to miss where you come in with a lot higher number than what you expected. Second to last line on the page is the variance from a percentage standpoint. You have a positive variance of 12.6%. That's the way you want to do it. If you're going to miss, misconservatively. Moving on to the expenditures general government, administrative budget at $3.1 million, spent $3.2 million, so about $132,000 more than you thought. And a bit harder than last year at $2.7 million. Do want to point out, though, all that activity and codes and permits that we saw the revenue site, there's associated expense, and that expense is captured this line at them. So it's not like we're ballooning salaries, and everybody's going to pay a lot more. A lot of this is codes and permits, driving that increase between $24 and $25. Just wanted to point that out. Public safety police, we budgeted $4.9 million, we spent $4.9 million, about $13,000 more than we expected, and a little bit harder than last year with $4.8 million. Fire, a very similar story, budgeted $2.2 million, spent $2.2 million, or about $17,000 more than we thought, and a bit harder than last year when expenditures came into $2 million. Streets and drainage budgeted $1,481, spent less than that $1,455, and quite a bit less than last year $1,827. Nutility fund and sports complex, we just covered, that service principal retirement budgeted $2 million, 382, came in at $2 million, $351, $31,000 less than you thought, and about we will relax you at $2.2 million. Antres Fiscal Agent, charges by an issuer which expense, budgeted $1.1 million, spent $1.1 million, about $7,000 dollar variance there, and very close to where we will relax you at $1.2 million. Capital outlay, always tough to budget, but not tough for you this year, $9 million, $988 budgeted $9 million, $9.69 for a variance of $18,000. Capital outlay is always tough to budget, as is Intergovernmental, but this show you hit the nail right on the head. Total expenditures budgeted $40 million, $8.91, came in actually at $40 million, $9.13 for a massive variance of $21,000 on $41 million. That's exceptional, and if you look at the bottom of the page, I'll be in frustration with the big number, 0.12%. You can't really, you can't get any closer than that. I mean, it's hitting the nail right on the head. So what this tells me is, you're getting good conservative revenue numbers, actually really accurate expense numbers, which allows you as a governing body to make good accurate decisions. If this thing was all over the place, if you made a good decision, be by luck. Where this tells me you're getting good information and making good decisions to Catherine and her team, as well as you guys are making a good decision, should be committed for that. So excellent job there. And then we get to the accessory deficiency, accessing your case, your budget for an excess of $2.6 million, did a lot better than that at $6.494 for a positive variance of $3.8 million. You can see last year this line item, $838,000 surplus, year before that, a deficit of $6 million. And again, this capital drives some of these deficits. We get to other financing sources, not a lot going on this year. This mostly capital leash related. You can see in some previous years, we had some bond issuance, didn't have any bond issuance this year. Very been committed. I don't think we're going to have any bond issuance in the near future either. So we have the bonds that we need. Then we get to the other revenues or expenses. We really covered these. This is the advolume tax and utility funds, some interest income, the capital contributions we covered, and some interest expense. So we really covered all that. And you get to the bottom bottom line, excess deficiency for the entire city, when you factor everything into it. You're expected about $7 million of this line item. Came in way harder than that, at almost 13.2 million for a variance of 6.1 million higher than you thought, which is exceptional. Remember that 13.1 million, because it's the exact place I want to store the next handout. But you can see that the three previous years, last year was 1.8 million of this line item, before that 18.9, and a deficit back in 22 of 11 million. So this number can vary wildly because of debt issuance, among other reasons. But the 13.1 million, if there's no questions on page one, is where I want to begin on page three of the handout. Okay. That's it, the surplus. And as I said, I want to start with the 13.1, and where this is, a lot of numbers on the page, top right hand corner is 2025 actual. So this has taken that line from that page one, and we have six years total on this page. There's a 13.1. And what we're doing in the middle is just removing non-operational items, adding back capital or removing grants or bond issuance to get to, what if we do an operational surplus or deficiency surplus in your case? How did we do this? You know, we removed non-operational items. You have a net operating surplus of 5.8 million, one of the highest you've had at the previous six years. You can see we have in bold the total net operating surplus for the six years, totaled over 26 million dollars from an operations standpoint, averaging over these six years, about 4.4 million. And one thing when you look at this, you see the 13 million that we have of a surplus and that equates to a 5.8 million operational surplus. But look at that very top line. You're looking, you see, well, what was the worst deficit we had? And that year was 2022, you had a deficit of 11 million dollars. But what did we remove the non-operational items? How did the net operating surplus turn out? And you can see, 22 was the worst at the top of the page, but for an operations surplus, it's the largest. My point is that bottom-on-the-page one can be deceiving because of issuing bonds and it shows the revenue on a government. Conversely, when you look at what was the best number on the top from an operational standpoint, you see 18.9 million in 2023. You go to the bottom, which surplus did that generate operation the lowest on the page? I just thought it was a good comparison to make that you can't just go over that bottom line of page one. That's the reason we present this particular page. Just to show you from an operations standpoint, how you're doing, because when you factor in bonds and other items, it can be quite misleading how you're actually doing. But you're doing great and at 5.8 million, that's the second highest of the six years presented. Any questions on the surplus comparison we just talked about? Hearing none, we will conclude the presentation with the statement of net position on page 59. Another way to put that a few were a business is to be your balance sheet. And on page 59, you can see the four two left columns is your governmental activities and business type activities. We total those for your total in the third column for 2025 and then the four right columns for 2024. I'm not going to hit every line on. I'm going to try and point out some of the more important ones. The first one is important, cash and cash equivalents. 11.9 million last year, up about 5 million to 16.9 million this year. We just talked about the operation of surplus, being about 5.8 million, unsurprisingly, this number and cash increased by about $5 million. There's some correlation there. Next line on is investments. It's down a little bit from 2.9 million to 1.2 million. Receivals are very comparable. A lot of the other items are pretty comparable. And I'll just bring your attention to the total assets. 190 million in 2024, up 17 million, your total assets for the city, young people over $207 million. So a lot of growth, not a small city anymore. It's a pretty big city to be honest with you. The front outflows we're not going to talk about live. Bitteries are listed all here out for you. What I want to point out is a total. Total live billies last year, over 84 million, 84 million, almost exactly. Down to 79.5 million, we'll call it this. You're a decrease of about 4.5 million. All that to say you guys are paying your debts, you're paying your bondages, opposed to so you're seeing your live billies go down. That's the basic comment I want to make here. The front inflows we're not going to talk about. And then we get to net position. If you were a business, this will be equity. What's the equity for the city? Net investment and capital assets went up by quite a bit. 88 million in 2024, up to almost 104 million, or over 104 million, and fiscal 25. Then you have your different restricted items. You have the sales tax dedication, debt service and capital projects. Remember, sales tax dedication, this is a number that I factor in when I'm giving your days of operations. This is one of those items we consider. So you were at 6.1 million in sales tax dedication last year versus five million this year. So about 1.1 million dollar decrease, year over year. And then the second to last line on time is also very important. Unrestricted. There's no restricted on this money. Last year, this number was 1.7 million. This year, up to 6.1 million, almost 9 million. So a huge increase in your understricted, it really correlates with the increase in the cash, which is what you want to see. You have it and you can spend it. All that to say, we went over page one, and we have your total expenses. I'm just talking off the page now. And so you have your total expenses, and we back out the capital. What are you spending per day, and this 365 days a year for the city of Youngsville? In 2025, about $87,700. 365 days a year. How does that compare last year? 84,250 last year. So a bit of an increase, but not a large increase. When you factor in the understricted net position, we talked about the sales tax dedications. How many days of operations do you have city-wide to cover your expenses, assuming no incoming revenues? The benchmark is supposed to be 60 days. Last year, you had 130 days. This year, you had 177 days. So big increase, 47 days, about a month and a half, increase year over year. So city-wide, we have a lot more money available to expend to cover our expenses almost six months. So a big increase year over year. Also, we always point out your days in the general fund, because when you can't use your stricter money for something, you have to use general fund money. So it's important to have a healthy general fund to have a healthy city. So again, the same 60-day rule applies. Where were you in 23 and 24, 48 days in 23? 50 days last year. Where you are in fiscal 25 or 128 days? The strongest has been in quite a while. Again, more than double the 60-day requirement that you need over four months of operations in general fund. So as I said, when I started, it was a good report front to back. And as you can see, starting off with zero findings, ending here on some of the highest days you've had in many, many years, general fund as strong as I've seen it in many years. The utility fund supports complex doing great. Just really a great report overall. I mean, I don't have anything bad to say about it, which is the type of report you want to present. I say this opportunity, thank Catherine. I heard you're doing a great job. The mayor appreciate your help throughout. The council for allowing me and my firm to do this audit. We're going to appreciate the opportunity to start this city of Youngville and look forward to certainly hopefully many more years. Any questions or something I did cover or did not cover? Thank you. You guys have been great job on the knees. Yeah. Yes, sincerely, Catherine, not very proud of you. You put in a lot of hard work, a lot of extended hours. You implement in a lot of processes that have helped us grow, that have enabled us to get where we are today. I jokingly say that when I started, it was a mom and mom operation, but we're not anymore. And it's because we're surrounded by great people. So, exceptionally great fault believed in you from the beginning. And I knew that you would work hard and get it done. So, your husband even said that we knew from the onset. So, but overall for the operation, exceptionally proud, you know, as well. I think the biggest takeaway for me is that success is never final, and that we've got to continue to work hard every day to maintain the trust of the public that we are privileged to serve. And it starts with a sound financial house. So, that's not lost on me. This is an on one time thing. You know, this is, that there has been a method to this. We've invested heavily in building infrastructure. And this year was strategically to accomplish what we did to grow surpluses back. Our long-term debt is decreased as it was. So, to have no findings, no material weaknesses, no instances of non-compliance, there is a lot of grant money that moves through this building. So, our team of consultants, Pam, Susan in particular, you know, the accuracy of those paperwork that you do, Nicole, from top to bottom. I couldn't be more proud. So, with success comes more scrutiny, and we continue to rise to the occasion. So, sincerely thank you for the effort that you put in. And Brad, it's a pleasure working with Colin and your team, and I look forward to the continued relationships. Appreciate the final words. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you. Thanks, bro. Thank you. All right, agenda item eight. Oh, yes, please. Mr. Volgiano. Probably ocean. All right, and second by Mr. Romero. Is there any public comment or public discussion? All right, there's no public comment. Ms. Leatherwood, please call the vote to accept the financial report for the year ending 2025. Ms. Shalvan. Yes. Mr. Nailin. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Ms. Boris. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you, all right. Several resolutions tonight, 8.1's resolution 202606, a resolution authorized in the mayor to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of Youngsohn, the Youngsohn Chamber of Commerce and providing for related matters. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second by Ms. Shalvan. Is any comment or questions from members of the council? Any public comment relative to this cooperative endeavor agreement? Okay, there's no public comment. Ms. Leatherwood, please call the vote. Ms. Boris. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nailin. Yes. Ms. Shalvan. Yes. Motion approved. 8.2 resolution 202607, a resolution levy, and the milledrates for 2026. See if we can entertain a motion in a second and our assessors here this evening. Mr. Justin Santani. We can hear from him first if you'd like. Mr. Santani, welcome sir. All right. Thank you, Mr. Mayor, councilmembers. Chief Bruce R. I wanted to give Catherine a high five myself after hearing that, hearing that all the board congratulations on such a, I hope you all get 10 stories that you would have gotten with findings on such a clean audit report. I know you're not, but I hope you do. Let me thank you staff to, particularly Ms. Leatherwood and Ms. Gidry for the data sharing that they do with my office. So we rely heavily on municipal permits to accomplish a lot of the work that we do. And diligent and accurate sharing of that data helps us get new properties onto the tax roll and the timely fashion so that you guys have the funding to provide them. All the unglamorous things that are so important to growth like roads and drainage and I see a resolution later for your water system capacity. So really working with your, with your staff is a, is a pleasure. Forgive my need for glasses these days. I'm going to, I brought some statistics for you guys just, we started doing a monthly report at the, at the current about five months into this year's tax roll. And what that means is this is the, the field guys driving around measuring new houses, anybody added onto a house, any new businesses, any new construction, things like that. So about five months in and what I'm going to tell you tonight is, you're only about 5% off of last year's ad volume tax revenue as of today. We still have another 273 residential permits to get to for youngsville. We still have another 31 commercial permits for youngsville. Both of those are about 50% of your total permits that we're working through. And we still have to get through about 93% of your personal property, so the movable property and inventory for your businesses, which those returns aren't due until April 1st. So we've, we've started to get a trickle in. So I say that to, to say, you're the lowest percentage off of last year's ad volume tax revenue right now. So what you can expect next year is a continued growth. I think you know that with the, the plants that you approve and the permits that you approve. This is, this data is going to match what you know to be the case as far as new construction and development within youngsville. Um, that is going to continue. I think as long as you guys continue to make the sound decisions, the blocking and tackling of government, I told the mayor that several weeks ago, it's not glamorous, but this is what gets the job done. So thank you for making good decisions and being sound managers of your city. With all of that, I'm just going to say, the, is anybody have any questions about your milled rates, about your tax revenue, about anything else? Thank you all so much. All right. Thank you. Just to appreciate the update. And so with that, I'll entertain a motion to, all right, Mr. motion. Mr. Romero makes a motion. Councilman Barra seconds. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Okay. There's no public comment. Ms. Leatherwood. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Ms. Barra's. Yes. Ms. Shalpine. Yes. Motion approved. And if any of you all are interested, Mr. Centennies' office is providing us great information now. One number that really stood out that we've been utilized and already in sharing is how much the, the business permits in our community on that one sheet are that are standing out. So, especially relative to like the city of, you know, other, other areas of the parish there. So, all the data is helpful. So, thanks for, we'll send it and send it our way as well. So, all right. Thank you very much. Brian, thanks. All right, agenda item 8.3 resolution 2026-08, a resolution. Let me, well, let me say this. The next couple of resolutions, what we're doing is where we are moving funds or monies around within our capital fund. These are, we're not overall changing the expense. What we're doing is just drawing attention that we're using, changing within different project assignments. So, resolution 2026-08 is a man in the 2526 capital projects budget. Capital projects fund in the amount of 250,000 and provide various funding to provide, funding various projects to be funded from the 1968 1% sales tax. I get a motion by Councilmember Nyland, second by Mayor Pro Tembo, Gianna. Specifically, what this is going to achieve, we are finally have shut what all the paperwork for the federal grant for the Young Street and LaRivia around about project. So, this is going to enable us to give the go ahead to the engineering team's DDG to do the design of that intersection. And then the second component of this, I had shared with the public recently that LCG is doing some drainage projects throughout our community. And what we've done previously when they're here is we work with that vendor to do additional work here in town and the vendor honors the same rate that LCG had it bid out. So, I'll be sharing, if with your approval, we'll be sharing what additional drainage laterals will be cleaning with the funding if you allow the reallocation this evening. So, is there any question or comment about it? Any public comment? I'm Ms. Leatherwood. Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Bares? Yes. Ms. Shampon? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Mr. Mero? Yes. I should have approved. All right, thank you. Council 8.4 resolution 2026 is 0.9. I'm ending the 2025-2026 capital projects budget general funding the amount of $979 for provide additional funding for a multi-equipped track buggy to be funded from the general fund. Emotion by Mr. Nyland, second by Mr. Volgiano. Again, this is just moving the prices have gone up since we got the initial quotes months ago. Any public comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, Ms. Leatherwood, please call the roll. Ms. Bares? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Mero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Shampon? Yes. Motion approved. Yes. And then finally 8.5 resolution 2026 10 resolution, amending the 2526 capital projects budget from the what we're doing here is basically the item that I had proposed to you and the budget was for LED change out on the baseball field. So what we're proposing doing here is just moving $5900 to a couple different various projects throughout the sports complex or parks and rec facilities. Motion by Council Member Romero, second by Councilwoman Shampon. Any public comment? All right. Ms. Leatherwood, please call the roll. The vote. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Bares? Yes. Ms. Shampon? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Motion. And this has an FYI at the last meeting you had approved LED lighting change out on the tennis courts and that has been that has been completed. So 8.6 is resolution 2026 11. A resolution authorized in the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to the fiscal year 2027 community project funding. CPF for the City of Young's World Water System capacity and pressure improvements project. And further approving 20% in local match funds. Submotion by Councilman Shampon and a second by Council Member Nyland. Any council comment? Any public comment? This is just an additional effort to help strengthen our ability to produce more water to again less than our dependency on our wholesale provider. Ms. Shampon? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Bares? Yes. Motion approved. And two ordinances for a public hearing and final adoption 9.1 is ordinance 509 2026. In ordinance of the City of Young's World Louisiana, I'm in the code of ordinances chapter 110 design standards in chapter 107 commercial development requirements as it relates to finished floor determinations for residential and commercial developments. Pam, would you mind just given an update? I had a question from a council member earlier. I just want to make sure that we're getting it right here with what we're doing. This is the one where we're doing basically 18. It's 18. And so basically the finished floor is 18 inches above the roadway or foot above the BFE whichever is higher. And it doesn't matter if it is carbon gutter or if it's open ditch. So that was one of it to make sure to clarify that it didn't matter how the road was built. That is the requirements. And then the second one was we always had it in our residential requirements and we never had it in our commercial requirements. So just to verify we went ahead and to clarify we put it in our commercial as well. So just to clarify Pam, so this is an event that in certain areas if the land is a lot lower than our residential commercial roadway, that they're going to bring the business up to the same level. We're not going to have water to protect them essentially. The water's not flowing back into the business itself. That's correct. We do have some areas within the city that might be listed as zone X but it's unstudied or it's in an area that it's just because there wasn't a whole lot of growth. It's called X but it may be property that is well beneath the roadway. So yes, that is to keep many of them. If you look at the ditch as soon as water is going to top the ditch, it would be into the property and we have seen it from a standpoint of the property being vacant. So in order to make sure that the building is above that and we don't have buildings that are below and then someone say, oh, the ditches are full, comes a drainage issue, whatever the requirement needs to be, you need to be above the road. We were just brainstorming a little bit earlier about just trying to think about where do we have. Because we previously changed this to include to make it, it was only Kerbingutter because we left it to be open ditch. I guess because we came across a specific example that I can't think of now but it's my understanding because it was in my recommendation. It's my understanding that it was because at the time most of the development we had was always on a Kerbingutter street and there was so little and I think what came to mind was in areas like on railroad where we don't have a whole lot. I think someone had come for apartments to do something on railroad and it's like, well, you know, that property is pretty high already above the road. The problem we're having is that we have a lot of places where the right now that's being developed, land that's been vacant for a very long time and what we're seeing is the property that's adjacent to this open ditch street. We're seeing more of them being lower. So for example, if you're on highway 89, think about how much of that property is lower than highway 89 and think about how many of them have lots of water in their driveways and how much we water we end up having in our ditches. Now, we're getting ready to subsurface drainage the whole part of it anyway. So they still have to build because it's going to end up being so right now, if they went and built, they're like, well, I don't have to be 18 inches above. But we're literally going to be curb and gutter in less than a couple of years in most of that area that would come to develop. So again, to protect everybody because it also makes it really difficult when you're trying to design something curb and gutter the way we need to if you have such property that's so low to begin with. So in light of the areas that we are now seeing developed, it's becoming more and more of an issue and we just have a lot more designing. Think about it. You have 92. There's a lot more interest along highway 92. That's OpenDitch. A lot more along parts of 89. That's OpenDitch. And then some of the areas of Schememmetry and when you look south on the south side of Schememmetry, that's all unstudded X. And we all know we can drive by there and we can see which areas hold water naturally and have held water historically. So this comes back to the same kind of issue that 14 years ago when we did St. David's Cove. Again, OpenDitch area water was always in that what do we have to do we have to bring in dirt. So because of what we're seeing in the trends, nobody's going to do anything unless you have it. Unfortunately in there nobody nobody will voluntarily want their building higher than in the road no matter what we explain. So this is really to protect the businesses and the residences that come in the areas where we have OpenDitch. Yeah, it's less of a change for residential. We already have this provision for residential. The only thing we're modifying for residential is the unstudied while removing the the curbing gutter but then also saying that if in zone X we may require additional if it's unstudied because we do know those areas that are unstudied that if you do a study today it would be by all intents it would probably be an A. So what we don't want is someone to come in and say well that's an X and then they build too low and then the phone never stops because technically if it's an X, FEMA and everybody says you don't have to be high. There's been enough there's been enough study here to where we know the lay of the land well enough on the unstudied zone X's to have that's correct. More current information. That is correct. Yeah, okay. Any other questions? Any public comment? Okay, there's no public comment please call about. Oh my apologies. Ms. Barra's motion to accept all right. Is there a second? All right, Council member Romero. I'll ask again if there's any public comment. All right, there's no public comment. It's called a Ms. Shampong. Yes. Mr. Nailin. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Ms. Barra. Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you, Haley. 9.2's ordinance 510-2026 in ordinance of the city of Youngsoe Louisiana declaring movable. Property is surplus and further authorizing the demolition and disposal and accordance with state law. Motion by Councilman Shampong, second by Councilman Barra's. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? This is an in preparation. There's a building on a piece of right away that the city acquired at Bonan, Iberia, and Prescott. So this is just basically starting the process as the plans are getting further along with the with the roundabout design there. So I already if there's no comment, call the vote. All right. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nailin. Yes. Ms. Shampong. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you, Susan. You want to give us an update and then we'll have Pam and then Tim, please. Okay. On the wastewater treatment plant upgrade, they are excavating for the SBRs. They run into some debris. They're removing that and then they'll be able to prepare it for the concrete pours. They are forming up the foundation for the PTEU and they are getting equipment deliveries. So things are starting to move. They're about, I would say, 15% complete. On the water plant, we're pretty much complete. They're addressing the punch list. They're doing full load test on the generator on March 16th. With regard to adding that fourth filter, we're just waiting on LDH to concur with us to advertise for that. So we're ready to go on that. Chugamo PAN, we're finishing up those plants. We're kind of waiting on bidding some other projects. Pump Station 5, same thing. We have the LDH permit. We're just kind of awaiting funding. Then number five, the pump station upgrades of pump stations, 1, 8, and 17, pump station 1. We found we were able to chain down impellers rather than doing a full upgrade, saving a good bit of money and doing that. So we have placed the order for the impellers and waiting for that to come in. And then I think clear stream is going to do that work and replace those impellers. 8 and 17, which is the D'Areal Bosion pump station and the field crest pump station. We're working on those. We'll be submitting them soon to the health department for permitting. And then we can go to bid. Any questions for Susan? They'll give an update just quickly about our new water plant. Things are going great. We are taking initial steps to add probably another roughly 650 homes onto that system. That would be the area like sugar ridge, guillot grove, moshery. So that's going to be next in line. So you know, it'll be there will be no issue, you know, it'll be easy for the residents. There'll be no change. So we're continuing to look at ways to expand our footprint and serve more area with our plant. So that's that's the main event there. So all right. Thank you, Susan. Pam. All right. So Highway 89, we're about 80% complete on phase 1A. Today they started the asphalt on the southbound south south of fortune road on the southbound lanes. What will be the future southbound lanes? They also are working. We are advancing to phase 1B, which is from heart to form towards Russo towards Ambassador Capri. And they have started doing the drainage, putting in the drainage on the east side. So we anticipate it would probably be about 90 days good weather, 90 days we may be finished with phase 1, which will put us phase 2. We are beyond 60% designed to the point that we've got. We've already met with all the utility companies and most of them have cleared the utilities that said that there's nothing. So as soon as funding is secured, we'll be able to move towards getting cost estimates from the contractor and being able to move forward in phase 2 is from where phase 1 is just south of Saeble Palm to Griffin Road. Fortune Road, we are 95% complete on that. We have some concrete islands remaining to do on the fortune road roundabout. Next month, we probably will be bringing an acceptance in a wet little punch list we would have on the fortune road portion of the project. Left turn lane project, they are on the left turn lane in the area of St. Blaze doing the culvert installation. So we've been doing all of the drainage installation first and then they've got to come back and start doing the actual roadway portions of the work. Just to at last month, we had Cajun Play was one of the items. Y'all had a preliminary plat that's right there by community first. Just to let you know that tomorrow we are getting there what they're doing for the roadway improvements. So they've already designed, they've taken the design of the left turn lanes and incorporated and will be given us their draft plan. So I just wanted to give you guys an update that they are working diligently to address the issues that we talked about last month. The striping, we have plans and specifications. I will meet with the mayor to go over the quantities that we have come up mainly starting with Shimemetri and some of the crosswalks that we have determined and some other areas that we feel we need to refresh. So we were hoping by the end of the month to start advertising that for bid. 92 in Prescott were 80% complete with the design. Shimemet Agriab they should be starting in the next few weeks. Most importantly is Laribia Road. They're about 60% complete. They've made significant progress on the northbound lane but they're now at a point that they need to do the bridges and do the southbound lane and as you all know there's a huge difference in elevation and to be able to do the amount of work they need to do with that difference in elevation it becomes a little bit harder. So they have requested in two weeks to close down the road which you would only be for local traffic. So we're going to work with them with regards to that but they definitely have to do that to replace the two bridges. So this is an anticipated closure. There's no way to install the bridge without closing the road. And we have two on this project so we're going to make sure that people do have access that actually live along that but we're going to ask for everybody if you do not have a Larivier, direct Larivier address you need to find an alternate route. And then of course everybody at the mayor had announced that we had gotten the sidewalk grant and that is for a portion of Highway 89 starting from where your sidewalk ends just before new news and start working your way up north. We might be able to go past Hawk if we have, if we're started the phase two of the project of Highway 89 is started with the drainage already and then your grant money is going to allow you to put more sidewalk because you won't have to put as much in drainage. So it all depends on which one comes first how far it's going to be, we'll be able to extend that sidewalk. And then we will be submitting for a roadway payment preservation grant, submitting for that with APC before they end them off. The how much I guess maybe in feed how much more do we have to take into the property on a young so highway at the ambassador intersection for the Brutal outside or I guess the turning lane when we're widen for the reshrapping for that portion that one A section we're talking about. We didn't we didn't purchase any property. No, I guess what I'm asking is we're just restriping the existing right way to accommodate the two lanes. No it's being widened. So you're going to there is some widening that's why we're closing in part of the ditch to be able to do some widening that we are but we are not it's not just a restriping there is some widening. The I guess one of the family members of the home on the corner of that property had asked how much of the property were encroaching into it. We're everything we're doing is staying within the right away. Okay, I just didn't know how much more into the right way we're going into it and we're using all of our right away. We don't get them say we're on the west on the east side. It's a brutal address but I had a good idea. So the project that we're doing just what we're they're doing the drainage work on the east side right now for heart to farm to roughly ruse so. Yes. It doesn't go all the way to ambassador right because ambassador already is pretty fair out so you can they're on the side where they're doing the drainage work now. Yes, it's the it's the only house on that corner. This is the last brick house on the corner of ambassador in Yohanzel Highway. Oh, we're not even going to be in that area. So you talk about past Miss Aurene Dobby tiles the next house? The last one I guess. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah, so we're stopping before that because that's already widened. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's already widened because the other turn of the next one is already existing in that lane. That's correct. So we're just meeting it to that point. That's correct. Perfect. Yeah, that area might be restricted to order to tie in. Just supposed to tie in. Yeah, but we're not widening in that area. So we're widening just up and to basically our city limits, the portion of Rousseau, but you have so much of it that's already been widened by Dio Tidee that was just striped anyway. But yes, so in that corner, I thought you I was thinking you were talking about where the fun jump place was. No, and then as far as for the Rivier, how are we managing, I guess, let local residents in and not only me, how is that going to be? I mean, it's an honor system and usually it's supposed to be, but I'm just thinking for the purposes of like emergency traffic, if we have to get down there, and how that's going to be a pain with we can get cut through metals and come through investment and whatnot, but I can ask the consulting firm that the state of Louisiana has chosen in order to do that construction management and ask them to get back with us on that. But yes, just I'm just curious. I don't know. Yeah, they they've been well, they've been communicating with principal Blummer. They have asked them to communicate with her directly. So that way it's one again, she's been anticipating it. I mean, just like we all have we avoid the road at all costs. This is extremely there right now. And it's one wrong move and you're going to put a million no laparatus into the ditch. So we just try to avoid that whole road. There was someone in the ditch today. Yeah, yeah, I think we are actually it's an increase in that intersection solely because people are just trying to speed down the roadway. There's no doubt that the traffic is not as much, but every time I go out there for a field meeting, the few cars you see by no means are they go and be reduced speed limit? Any other questions? Any other questions about any cap infrastructure projects? All right, we don't have any Tim. You give an update to the council and the public, please. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor. Bitty basketball hosted their regional all-store tournament. February 27th, March 1st. And now they'll host their national tournament, which will be March 20th through the 24th at the rec center. Our YSC baseball, softball and T-ball teams will begin practice on Monday, March 16th. YSC opening weekend for that will be Saturday, April 11th. Archive baseball and softball practice and games at the expansion continue. 2D baseball will be here this weekend. Again, at all 11 fields. Occasionally volleyball will have their tournament this Saturday and Sunday at the rec center. Southside soccer continues all their practice and games on the weekends. Spring beach league continues to use the Wednesday and Thursday nights. The KDN of school baseball and softball league tonight will be their last night, them in plan during the week, their league. The Southland Conference midseason collegiate women's beach volleyball event will be March 19th through the 21st at Sugar Beach. While they're here, they'll also be looking at the expansion for possibly the possibilities, maybe some Southland Conference tournaments pertaining to collegiate baseball. Hope fest will be Saturday, March 21st at the expansion. We have a slimco family fun night. Roughly 800 families will be at the expansion Friday, March 27th. An MMA event on Saturday, March 28th at the rec center. And they're possibly looking at Labor Day weekend, September 5th, possibly doing one outdoors in the expansion, in the amphitheater area. The Rotary Globe Pickleball tournament is going to be Saturday, March 28th. We have an oceaneering corporate event on Saturday, March 28th at foster part. 200 family members of their company will be there. The Chamber, the former's market will be this Saturday at foster part. And then one last thing, as the leader of our department, I would like to thank Catherine from me and our department for everything that she does, her commitment to understanding all the departments that we have, her time, a lot of it away from her family and just the accuracy that's demanded in her job. And we have so many moving parts in in our department and all the departments, but she's been such a great asset for us and I think the city also. Well said, thank you. I agree completely. Any announcements from the council are the days here. Councilmember Nile. Yeah, healthy kids running series and Young'sville registrations open right now. We do our races on Sundays at foster park. So that starts April 12th and it'll be the five weekends following that. And then I just want to give a compliment to Tim and his team. My guys, we work out at the sports complex five days a week and we've noticed that like the community from the grounds crew to maintenance, like everything is looking absolutely amazing. I know just out running like the sidewalks are edged, even at foster park, the walking trails edged like the guys are doing a phenomenal job. It's noticed, we've all noticed it. So just wanted to give a shout out to them for the great work that they're putting in out there. Thank you. Appreciate that. Anyone else? Yes, sir. Yeah, I was sort of to thank all of our visitors and our residents for attending the Young'sville Morty operate. It was another tremendous year of success. I thought it was a nice fresh breath there to have Father Russo and the Catholic diocese a part of that experience. Honestly, it was kind of a humbling experience to have a sort of parade with a prayer. I wanted to thank Crude as a me for being our grand marshal. That was also a treat. And then, and it's a cap of thank you for all your hard work that you've been putting in. I can't tell you the amount of times that we have calls late at night and I still see you here crank out the hours. Your hard work has paid off and it's really appreciated for everything you do for us and the city. We did, I was asked to put the the Marty Grove crews that were the winners on the agenda. I forgot, asked Hayley to make the announcements on social media. So those have been notified. We did have an after action meeting as we do every year about Marty Grove. That's a beast. It is sincerely, it's a beast. Every year, I mean, we rise to the occasion and it gets done. I think the challenge continues to be upon us to think about ways to continue to do it and to do it better. But I'm going to tell you it is extremely hard to scale a independent parade in a community of 20 to 21,000 that swells to nearly 100,000 people. So I'm certainly open to suggestions and ideas. I'm very proud of our Marty Grove crews. The 40th anniversary of the 40th anniversary of the parade. Ideally, what I would love to see is our two Marty Grove crews, even if it starts small and make a commitment to, you know, you filled one float great, you know, maybe have a second level of membership where you could fill, you know, maybe you can't be involved year-round, but you want to have a membership to where you'd have a spot on a floater too. Because we have figured a lot of things out in this city and we figured a lot of things out on how to do it well. I still think that we have opportunity with Marty Grove to make an experience that we can all continue to love and all continue to enjoy. So ideally in a perfect world, you know, given the opportunity, I would love to see, you know, even if it's small, like the crews start off small, two, three, four, you know, floats, could have coveted spots on those to sell memberships to or, you know, spots to. And then, you know, in doing that, we can maybe shrink the size of the independent parade to follow, you know, that parade. And we can actually have hopefully a better structure with, you know, a crew, a theme, more orchestrated music, you know, more the things that we've come to expect. And so I think we can do it. I think we can figure out how to do it. I'm just, it's, it is, we have figured out a lot of great things here. Marty Grove is one that I need the communities help with. So this is a call to the Marty Grove crews to help lean in and see how you can, you know, how impressive that we have Marty Grove crews that have phenomenal balls. So I think that the creativity of the crews are the, are the, are the missing ingredient here that we can lean into further. So, but anyway, great after action meeting. We have some great notes, some great takeaways. And as I mentioned earlier, continuous improvements. So we'll continue to make strides to even to do it better. So. Thanks, Mayor. Tim talks about a few of the events that I was going to cover, but I'm just going to touch on them again, because they're important. Farmers market this weekend, please come out, support. We also have a, a KDN at animal aid that's going to be out this weekend with some pets to adopt. So if anybody's in the market to adopt a dog, they will be out there this, this weekend as well. So, but one of the big things right now that's going on is the hop and shop that the chambers putting on. So please go visit our local shops and local businesses. More information is on the chambers Facebook page, but this is an opportunity to go in and invest right back into our community by shopping with our local, our local establishments. Also, hope best. It's a free event for the public. So I encourage you to go out and support St Thomas Moore and the options program. They are put on a fabulous event. So that is next Saturday, the 21st. Also, again, pints and paddles by the rotary club. That is on the 28th. They still are accepting team registrations as well as sponsors. So if you need any any any information, please reach out to rotary club of Young's Hill. And also the extravaganza event. There's going to be 50,000 Easter eggs out that Saturday before Easter out at the expansion. So bring the kids, bring the family, let them go hunt for some Easter eggs out on the baseball fields. And happy Easter everyone, because we won't be here again before. So, great. Thank you, Haley. Any other any other announcements? All right. Is there a motion to adjourn? All right. Motion by councilmember Romero. Second by councilmember Boljano. All in favor? Meeting adjourned. Have a great evening. Thank you for allowing us to serve.