 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you are with your We are here to ask you for your guidance and wisdom and making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at that mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. God is following you as peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. We pray to the United States and America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Roll call please. Here. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Marrow. Here. Mr. Marrow. Here. Mr. Marrow. Here. Here. Mr. Marrow. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you. Thank you for letting me interrupt your budget meeting. I know it's very important. But I wanted to be able to take a moment to recognize someone that's very special to both the City of Youngsville as well as the state of Youngsville as well as the state of Youngsville. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, members. Thank you for letting me interrupt your budget meeting. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I'm here today to talk about the City of Youngsville, as well as a life at parish in this state. When I ran, it seems like yesterday, but it was eight years ago, I remember sitting in the mayor's office. I thought it was going to be for a five minute meeting. And he had his map on the wall of all the drainage canals and ditches in the City of Youngsville. And we spent about an hour looking at everything there. We spent about two hours on the drainage and the drainage. And it was just a few years after the flood in 2016. And I remember going over to McBaid Engineering and sitting with Ms. Grange for about two or three hours. And she most graciously sat with me and explained the very basics of drainage and everything affecting our parish. And has been a huge asset to me personally as to all of the citizens of Youngsville and throughout our parish. And so this past legislative meeting was a great time for us to be able to present. I know it was McBaid Engineering's 10th anniversary as a company. And so we as the legislature passed a resolution and I would like to be able to present that to Ms. Grange and the folks from McBaid Engineering. If I could have just about 30 seconds, I'll read part of this. And I would love to be able to present it before the council, before the mayor and everyone here today. Whereas McBaid Engineering and consultants in Youngsville, I'm sorry, is it Youngsville, Louisiana-based engineering firm that specializes in water, waste water, coastal systems, flood risk reduction, and transportation infrastructure. And whereas the firm was founded in 2016 and is strengthened by decades of senior engineering leadership, its team brings more than 180 years of combined experience delivering infrastructure projects to municipalities, parish, state, and federal agencies. And whereas Pamela Grange and McBaid engineers and consultants are deserving of recognition for their outstanding service to the state of Louisiana in its municipalities, therefore be it resolved that the House of Representatives of the legislature of Louisiana does hereby commend Pamela Grange and McBaid engineers and consultants for 10 years of business in Youngsville in the Lafayette area. And does hereby extend sincere wishes that they both prosper in their endeavors to improve Louisiana's infrastructure. There are people that we work with every day. But there are also people that have become close friends. And there's nobody that I trust more than you and your team when it comes to anything engineering wise, not for the city. But whenever I have a question, I know I can always pick up the phone. Thank you for all you do, and we want to recognize you and all that you do. Thank you. I don't know what you want to do. I'll take directions from all of you. Yes. How about we stand right here on the show? I don't know what you want to do. I just need to see if there's enough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm sure we're gonna have to maybe come and move around this way. What? I think we can only Thank you. Well thank you State Representative Carlson. Definitely wasn't something that we were expecting and it really means a lot to us that we know a lot of times on the local level but all the way the state regional level that people recognize what myself and my great team behind me does. I couldn't do it without them. I know a lot of people see me as the face but hey I was gone for 10 days and my youngsville did not collapse and it's because of all these people behind it and they did not they did not disturb me very much and so we are going to continue we hope we're going to be able to do this for 20 30 years more albeit one of them is going to have to take the lead at that point because I might retire to Ireland but they I appreciate the fact of youngsville giving us a chance because yes I've been doing this for 32 years but at 22 years when I opened up McBade I had no idea what would happen and I could not have done it without youngsville saying we'll take a chance on McBade and and because we were a new firm and you didn't have to do that and we are proud that we have tripled in size and and again I can't say enough about these folks here behind me that make us look good and as long as y'all will allow we'll continue to to keep helping and one we will be the catalysts for change and by golly we will continue to ask people to make the leaps that we keep doing so thank y'all. Well thanks Pam and congratulations representative Carlson thank you so much as well we appreciate your leadership and was excited to see Houseville 2 sign yesterday so we'll be sure to do a nice thank you for you and all your colleagues with that so sincerely thank you. All right agenda item 3.1 approval of the June 11th 2026 meeting minutes motion by Boljano second by boroughs is there any council comment or discussion? Okay any public comment? Okay hearing no public comment Ms. Gidry please call the vote. Ms. Borreth? Yes. Ms. Boljano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Schampine? Yes. Motion approved. Right agenda item 4 this is a public hearing for our budgets there's two two items we'll be discussing first will be a budget amendment ordinance 515 2026 in ordinance of meaning the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Yung Zulu Louisiana for fiscal year 2025 2026 and then secondly budget ordinance 516 2026 in ordinance adopt in the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Yung Zulu Louisiana for the fiscal year 2026 2027 and to walk us through the budget I'd like to ask Mr. Brad Colder who is our CPA to walk us through the budget that you have before you tonight council members. Good evening Mayor council public even though most of the public left I was surprised it's such a crowd was here to hear me speak but they were not so my surprise we got congratulations family award is very nice as the mayor said we're here to present or I'm here to present the budget for the amended year 2026 and proposed year 2027 it's a it's a big budget I'm obviously not going to hit every page we'll go through the budget message capital outlay sports complex utility fund and then hit the operations as a whole so with that being said let's go to page which is the budget message I'm not going to read every single line here in fact I kind of want to skip the first few paragraphs and go to the revenue section because this gives you some highlights that Catherine and her team put together as far as what the revenues can be expected to be so looking at sales tax revenues for 2627 fiscal year of budget it's remained flat we compared to the four year 26 estimates however 12 month rolling revenue projections show a 8% increase over the prior year so when we look at the budget we're going to see as basically flat the capital saying over 12 month rolling basis of about 8% Avallorna property taxes a budget of 4% year increase for fiscal year 27 for the school resource officer program a 2% increase is projected from Lafayette Parish school board contract and negotiations with ARCA are ongoing and any updates on those negotiations are not reflected in this proposed budget utility system we're going to go over in detail but this gives you a paragraph form we'll look at a number form revenues for fiscal year 27 budget reflect projected growth across all utility departments driven by an anticipated increase in housing and the fiscal 2027 budget includes 4% increase in the utility customers effective July 1st 26 water and sewer rates will increase by 5% in line with the CPI and garbage rates will increase 4% 4.2% based on the CPI and then below that paragraph is the table reflecting the rates that are going to affect on July 1st 2026 at the bottom of this page is the expenditure expense section but I read this as well all departments exclude the police department and council have a proposed 4% increase for most employees the police department is budgeted fully staff with a 2% increase in ordinance with the police pay plan the mayor's budgeted with the 2% increase want to make sure we handle that because we look at police a little bit later than presentation you can see it's up quite a bit from 26 to 27 and it's mostly it's not all in salaries I want to make sure I read this okay that's not let's go to page 3 I don't want to read all of page 3 but I'm going to kind of read some of the capital project that's where about to look at the budget includes capital outlay items many items totaling 27 million as a detailed list on page 6 which we will look at police department capital projects include the fourth year payment for the axon enterprise contract road projects or approximately 12.1 million utility projects for approximately 13.5 million funded through the 99 sales tax LDH and DEQ revolving loans and the water sector advance and the Young'sville Parks and Recreation Capital projects are estimated at 1.3 million so a lot of capital here it's really the perfect transition into page 6 what do we get there which is the list of the 30 items of the capital I'm obviously not going to read all 30 items I'm going to hit the high spots looking at general fund that's items 1 through 7 when you're talking about 27 million dollars 536 is really not that big of an amount there's really nothing here to me worth pointing out or highlighting moving on to 81 sales tax fund which is the police which is numbers 8 and 9 we just read about the axon enterprise contract payment that's number 8 that's really the big item but total for 1981 sales tax is 319790 one of the big ones here is capital projects the street improvements that's numbers 10 through 18 and that total is 12.1 million as you can see toward the middle of the page but there's some big ones here if you're looking number 13 the highway 89 widening improvements you're looking at north of 5 million in this particular budget and you'll see one of the funding sources is state capital outlay that'll be a recurring theme throughout this presentation there's a lot of state capital outlay money and grant money in this budget and has been for many years now the Young City Young'sville has benefited number 16 is also pretty large that's the Marivillier road improvements you're looking at north of $3 million in that project project you have some LCG money half the city match coming in there and then number 17 the Anzlem Coulee detention pond another 1.3 million there and that's being funded by LWI total governmental funds is over 13 million dollars toward the middle of the page there moving on to utility fund that's numbers 19 through 25 for a total of 13.4 million dollars two real big ones here driving most of the cost is number 22 which is the wastewater treatment plant you can see there's two different funding sources but total being spent at this line number 22 is about 10.4 10.5 million dollars so a lot of money there and right below that number 23 is the pump station upgrade a little south of two million dollars and that's being funded by the 1990 sales tax 1990 not excuse me and then finishing up with the Young'sville sports complex and recreation fund and that's numbers 26 through 30 for total of a million 264 similar to general fund no big item jump off the biggest being number 30 the linear park at a half million dollars and then total capital project as we stated in the budget message 277,734,000 so a tremendous amount of capital but some of it is being funded by state money which you don't have to reimburse you don't have to pay it back it's essentially free money for lack of better word which is great I'm being funded from different revenue sources in the city any questions on the capital outlay if there's not we're going to basically work backwards here so let's go to page 28 we'll start with the sports complex we'll move then to the utility fund and then we'll conclude with the consolidation of the entire city but let's go to page 28 and we'll look at the park recreation fund there's a tremendous amount of detail here obviously I can't go through all this I don't think you want me to go through all this I'm going to highlight the actual numbers from 25 which is the first column I'm then going to look at the amended 26 budget which I think is your fifth column and then the 27 budget which is your six columns so one five and six is the main columns I'm going to concentrate on looking at the total revenues for 25 looking at a million 448 a large increase in 2026 to a million nine 18 and then down to a million six oh three and it's worth pointing out here about eight from the bottom especially events and this single line on image driving most of the variance between the three years so you can see in 2025 special events with $600 600 want to be exact that number increased to 461,000 in the current year 2026 and then being budgeted for a quarter million at 2027 so that single line moving up in 26 and then down to 27 is the main reason for the variance of the revenues from where we started 2025 we're going to come back especially events because it's all going to be a big revenue excuse me expense driver in a second look at how the expenses toward the middle of the page are all listed out there's no total here we have to look at those in a minute I want to point out depreciation it's toward the middle of the expenses listed it's about a million seven for all three years it's going to be relevant when we move to page 29 when I talk about how we're doing from the cash perspective just keep that million seven in the back of your mind also look at the very last line listed which especially we just talked about the revenue side especially events here's the expense side 7,525 up to 464,000 in 26 and then up to 610,000 in 27 that increase from 26 to 27 is to be most of your total increase we're about to see on page 29 so I want to point that out of your page on page 28 let's look at page 29 so we'll total up the sports complex here at the top total sports complex in 25 actual number 5154 an increase of 660,000 to 5,000,815 for the reasons we talked about mostly special events driving that and then up again in 27 to 6.1 million again special events mostly driving that increase recreation section is very small it's just three items you can see listed about 68,000 in 25 63 we'll call it in 26 and 153,000 in 27 parks similarly is pretty small in comparison to the size of this sports complex budget but 152,000 in 25 103,000 in both 26 and 27 total expenses for the sports complex in 25 5,000,376 in 26 it increases to 5,000,982 and then another increase in 27 to 6,000,388 so some of those increases for the reasons that we talked about operating losses all three years which is to be expected operating loss in 25 to 3.9 million slight increase to a little over 4 million in 26 and then up to 4.7 million loss in 27 now remember a couple of years ago we started accounting for the 23 sports complex sales tax 1% in this fund so rather than having a sales tax revenue you see it here so that's that first line 1% sales tax 5.125 5.4 million in both 26 and 27 okay it's relevant to point that out because you also have listed on your various non-operating items and interest expense the only thing missing from this page is your principal retirement of your debt everything else is being accounted for on this page I say that to get to that bottom third of the page the income before contributions and transfers is actually an income of 223,000 in 25 another income of 400,000 in 26 and then a slight loss of 318,000 in 27 remember the million 7 depreciation so we have operating income in 25 and 26 so we're obviously cash positive when we add a million 7 to the 300,000 loss from looking at it 27 you're still cash positive quite a bit so it was harder to make that statement where you could see it in previous years without it all of here on one page the way it's presented now I think it's pretty easy to see that we're all cash positive that you factor in the sales tax revenue and other items here for the sports complex so overall I think it's doing what you wanted to do to mean to operate the sports complex and provide this type of service and be cash positive that's to me the ideal situation any questions on the sports complex if there's none then we'll start with the utility funding we'll continue to work backwards only go to page 27 for me we'll look at the garbage fund garbage department this is a simplest of the three to look at and we'll see a trending of the up in the revenues across the three years we'll see that when we look at sewer water in a minute total revenues in 25 for garbage about 2.3 million to shade under that up to 2 million 5 76 and 26 and that's 2 million 7 80 and 27 expenditures for the most part grow up as well 2.3 million 25 almost 2.5 million 26 and a shade over 2.6 million 27 what I'm happy to say is look where you were in 25 you're operating loss of about 13 thousand we always want to say let's break even or have a little bit of profit you accomplish that 26 profit of 8 3,500 and a little better than that budget for 2027 with an income of 141 thousand dollars so to me I love the trend I like the way they were getting not only getting out of that loss situation even though it was slight into a profitable situation this is exactly where you want this into right let's flip now back one page to 26 and take a look at sewer sewers probably the strongest of the three in my opinion I think the numbers bear that out you can see the revenues in 2025 2.9 million a shade under three then up about 10% to 3.3 million and 26 and then up again almost 4% to 3 million 475 and 27 expenses were really under control which is hard to do in the sewer department in 2025 came in at 2 million 536 actually decreased projected for 26 to 2 million 496 it's very difficult to do that when you factor just inflation being 3 to 5% to have a decrease in expenditures is difficult and then we do have an increase in 27 to 2 million 785 mostly driven by repairs and maintenance it's kind of in that list there toward the middle which you want to look for it's about 340 thousand and 27 operating incomes all three years 451 and 258 54 and 26 and 690 and 27 so obviously when you add a back about a million one-it depreciation your cash positive between a million five and almost a million eight in the sewer department so extremely healthy sewer department I would keep up what you're doing here worth pointing out non-operative revenues I don't always go here but it's going to be relevant you look at where we were that state grant of 45025 up to almost 2.7 million in 26 and then at 5.2 million in 27 this state money has basically no strings attached it allows you to reinvest directly into the community you don't have to match anything it's very fiscally efficient is the way I would probably call this and you have a lot of this coming in and this is the first time we're going to come across it but it's helping sewer and it's about to help water me look at it so with that being said let's go to page 24 because water's over two pages so go back two pages to page 24 for me and water not doing as well as sewer and garbage not doing poorly but not quite as well and we'll see that you can see the revenues are kind of flat between 25 and 26 5 million 138 up to 5 million 168 from 25 to 26 and then a nice 6% increase in 27 to 5.5 million that's not really what bothers me that much if you want to see anything it's the expenses second to last line item on the page 5 million 77 in 25 modest increase in 26 to 5.2 million but look at the increase in 26 to 27 almost 20% to 6.2 million dollars okay and so when you're looking at that there's about three or four items driving most of this million dollar increase from 26 to 27 about eight from the bottom it's the single biggest expense and the water department is water purchases and you can see it's running about a million eight and 25 and 26 and 27 it balloons almost 2.2 million looking at 16% I believe it was in February of this year the rate increase was at 13 to 14% there 13 so when you're up 16% you're purchasing water from LUS the increase in rate that your chart that they're charging you 13% will it's going to be reflected at 27 you're doing anything wrong they charging you more so that increase you about 305 thousand from 26 to 27 right below that is water meter three quarters of an inch and 26 you spent 296 thousand that increased almost 160 thousand to 455 thousand okay so that's about when you combine the water purchases and the water meter there that's about 450 thousand of increase a little bit below that water meter of three quarters of an inch you get to water meter installation that was a half million even in 26 and its budget to be 650 thousand in 27 those three items plus the increase in the appreciation are about seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars in 26 to 27 so that's most of your increase about 75% of that million dollars is just those four items all that to say though it's not all bad you do have an operating income in 25 to 60 thousand dollars okay bottom of the page you flip to a loss of fifty thousand dollars in the current year 2026 and we're budgeting a fairly large loss of almost seven hundred and forty thousand dollars in 27 but toward the middle of the expenses seven hundred eighty two thousand of depreciation so even with this operations losses seven forty you're still cash positive and discussions with Ken and Catherine earlier this week and King come if I'm wrong here the revenues are probably conservative for 27 and the expenses are conservative in the sense that they're probably higher than what they're going to actually be all that to say this seven forty is probably a worst case scenario so we're in a worst case scenario and we're still cash positive so if we do better than that with you'll probably will it's going to be better than what we're looking at here on the page I want to point that out that there'd be a very conservative in these numbers but not to be alarmed by it everybody okay with that yeah let me let me just add a little bit more context we we're budgeting a sixteen point four percent increase for this fiscal year on water purchases because we are expecting another wholesale water increase if you recall I think I communicated with everyone that we initially received a two year forty six point two percent increase and then it was renegotiated actually I believe came out worse because it was three year fifty seven point five we renegotiated again and decided to do thirteen percent for one year and we're expecting another increase to come probably beginning January which will be midway through this fiscal year so the the water purchases on the rate increases hard to determine but there is I agree with Brad this is I believe worst case scenario and the reason why is as you'll know we have our new water plan online we've been expanding the service area of that water plant and we've just run through our first full month that the current footprint has been in place so our LUS bill which is our who we purchase wholesale water from we just received it and month for the month comparative to the same month last year we're down 28.5 percent in gallons purchases which equated to about a nineteen point five percent reduction in the LUS wholesale water bill again year over year so dollars that equated to about thirty five thousand in savings for that particular on that one particular bill so the variables are going to be how much of that how much of that will be eaten up by further rate increases and then secondly how much more can we continue growing our water footprint within this budget as you know we've already accepted bids on an additional filter which is going to increase our production 25 percent and then we have other options that we're exploring to to continuously serve more of our residents here and then just one point about the about the water meters we do collect revenue from everyone that gets a new water meter but we charge as an expense when we replace a non-operating meter so in this particular year we have about five hundred that are forecasted to change out so that's another heavy expense and along with installation you know if we actually do five hundred so just one at the kind of point that out but but I agree that and you know so we're getting an increase on wholesale water but we're also operating a plant now so we have the expenses of operating the plant that we're contending with but I am excited about the future of water here because you know the the numbers here will work out in the end but ultimately I mean we're in a much better position today than we have been previously with regard to water misshaun pine thank you mayor and I just want to point out because part of the part of the progress is that you anticipate building some new wells it will be costly but in the long term we're not going to it will leave our dependence from the LUS water system so it should help out out balances at that point also I know I know new wells are costly and take that yeah and and actually yes we we we have some conceptual projects that aren't in this budget as far as like what our next move is with water because once we we're kind of evaluating the service footprint that we are now and then we'll come back to you with with what our move will be to continue increasing production, storage, distribution but we are working yes towards it because we're going to continue to ideally by less than less so 28.5% down in gallons year over year and that's factor that's with one year of growth and we've probably picked up about 400 homes so 400 homes during that year but we still are purchasing 30% less water so and that's just snapped out of today so thank you Brian. No it really goes into what I was going to say on page 25 we can take a flip of the page and Simone was talking about you know reinvesting and the money it takes to continue to upgrade and improve the system and you look at the non-operating revenues that first one is you three percent millage as your property tax 628,000 and 25 646 and 26 and after 672 and 27 but the line below that is very relevant that's the state grant money and again it's going to be a common theme throughout the presentation six million dollars and 25 a little under two million dollars this year and another two point five million dollars so you're looking at almost 10 million dollars here on the page to reinvest directly right back into the system and improve it to keep it in place continue to expand and reduce your dependence this is helping tremendously expedite that progress so I think it's a great thing I think it's a great thing like I said to me it's not all bad this progress being made it's just sometimes a little bit of pain has to come to make that progress kind of where you are right now okay let's now go to page 22 which is going to bring the entire utility front together all three departments and see how we're doing as a whole and as a whole we're doing pretty strong so on page 22 revenues and 25 came in at 10.4 million you see an increase from 25 to 26 of about 675 thousand to 11 million 96 thousand and then another 660 thousand increase to 11 million 756 so nice healthy growth in the revenues and it's needed because when you go down to the second line on the page seconds the last excuse me total expense is 9.9 million and 25 up to 10.2 million so a modest increase in the current year but then up to 11.6 million for many of the reason we just talked about within the water that's driving most of the increase year over year from 2627 operating incomes all three years which I think is great 498 thousand and 25887 and 26 and 91 thousand and 2027 you're ranging between a million five and a million nine of depreciation so obviously operating incomes all three years you're ranging cash positive from the two million or right about two million dollars every year which is fantastic as utility funds excellent go to page 23 you can see the 3% mileage we hit that what this does I think on the state grant line just to highlight it again is it it adds together the sewer and the water you can see the amount of state grant money the city young girl received over this three years span 6.5 million and 25 4.7 million and 26 and another 7.7 million projected for 27 that totalled up to 18.9 million dollars in just three years that's a substantial investment young girl is able to make it to the system and expedite these improvements that the members just talked about it's excellent news and again Dr. Pay this back it's basically free money which is outstanding other items are basically interest income and expense and then you look at the income before contributions and transfers when you factor in this grant money 7.4 million and 25 over 6 million and 26 and over 8.3 million in 2027 so utility fund is extremely strong it's kind of difficult to see it from just one single page but I love the progress you're making I think building out the system is is the way to go through the loose the due rely is just a healthy thing for the city to do is you guys continue to expand and we do it that is the utility fund and we get to the final page of the presentation on page four and page four brings everything together on one page for us and starting at the top looking at the taxes that we touched on this in the budget message 15.8 million and 25 up to 16.2 million and 26 and basically flat as we stated the budget message at 16.3 million in 2027 license is in per mess a shade over two million and 25 coming in at 1.7 for both 26 and 27 in our governmental so this isn't all state money but a lot of it state money some of its federal money 10.9 million and 25 12 for almost 6 million and 26 and 9.7 million and 27 the total those three years of you're looking at 33.2 million dollars the grant money over three years average in about 11 million a year and state and federal money in this line out it's a lot of grant money finds in court costs this helps offset some of the police expenditures will look at in a minute but came in at 867,025 857 for the current year and budgeting an increase to 935,000 in 2027 utility fund we just went over in detail miss the lane is 577 in 25 237 this year and 189 for the budget year interest 186 for 25 56,000 for this year and 59,000 for the budget year sports complex will know in detail total revenues for the city of young bill in 2025 42.3 million strong number did better than that or expecting to be better than that this year at 44,660,000 dollars can't say I remember a number higher than that ever in the city young I think 44 is 6 is a high reward mark and then going down to if you want to say that down to 42 million 372 in 2027 so extremely strong over 42 million revenues all three years young goes come a long way continues to go looking at the expenditures general government 3.2 million in both 25 and 26 and then expecting an increase up to 3.6 million in 27 public safety police 4.9 million in 25 slight increase to 5.2 million in 26 and then up to 5.8 million in 27 this where that budget message is relevant so this is assuming the police are fully staffed with the 2% increase in accordance with the pay plan that's the reason for that 600,000 dollar increase from 26 to 27 is virtually all the reason for the increase fire 2.2 million in 25 2.1 million in 26 and then up to 2.3 million in 27 streets and drainage 1.5 million in 2025 a million six expected this year after 2.2 million for the budget year utility system we just went over in detail sports complex went over in detail capital outlet is there's some breakout here again we went over this on page 6 you can see that capital projects improvements on and that's the biggest one 8.8 million and 25 up to 13.4 this year and then 12.1 which will be saw on page 6 and in the budget message that service principal 2.3 million in 2025 2.4 expected this year and then down to around 1.9 million in 2027 interest on that debt running about 1.1 million in 25 and 26 and then to a million 36 in 2027 total expenditures for the city of youngville 2025 actual number 40 million 868,000 increases this year to 45 million 993,000 most of that increase if not all is in capital from 8.8 million to 13.4 and then up to 48 million dollars in 2027 operating income in 25 of a million 4.49 losses in 26 and 27 of a million 3 and 5.6 million but it's worth pointing out here these non-operating items because you do have to have a loan tax which we touched on in the water department there's that sales tax for the sports complex running about 5.1 to 5.4 million dollars and then the state grant money which we saw utility fund those three numbers adding it to the 18.9 that I touched on just a bit earlier then you have some interest income and expense but total non-operating revenues are very significant 11.1 million in 25 9.6 million in 26 and 12.0 almost 7 million in 2027 income before transfers and contributions 12.5 million in 25 8.3 million in 26 and 7 million in 2027 so extremely strong budget good budget I told you what the intergovernmental was at the top of the page utility fund when you added all together over three years 52.1 million dollars of grant money came into the city of youngville 25 26 and expected it 27 that's phenomenal I mean it really was just jet fuel into the bill of you guys to grow the infrastructure support the infrastructure and attract more people that continue when it comes to youngville I heard the mayor in the radio talking about it a lot of people want to come here y'all must do this to continue to support these people coming and you are doing it so to me it's a strong budget not to be proud of not to see the growth here that concludes my presentation any questions for you guys on anything I did cover or anything I did not cover so open for open for discussion since it's up the public hearings so anyone's welcome to speak from the day yes sir Chief Fabruce sorry I was looking through the budget we had requested six positions for police officers and some extra units I was noticing that wasn't in there did it get cut completely yeah so the way the budget's presented right now it's you have open positions chief and the 12% increase in police expenses are assuming that every one of those positions is going to be filled for the entire year this is no discredit to you but I can't remember a time that we've been fully staffed in some time so that's what we have in here to propose but it's open for discussion so okay yes I was just asking because within the next couple weeks we should be fully staff for the department we have two in the last process of the hiring for the department with the growth of the city we're trying to keep up with the growth of public service police and far I can always speak on the police side but we need to go to the department I put in for six positions which would all go back to the road my request was for four patrol and two for traffic considering we constantly get traffic complaints in the road on the road to try to make sure the city safe and to reap what the units is to replace some of the aging units in the high cost maintenance in a lot of the units a lot of dodged rainbows are causing problems and they're getting extremely costly to repair these units so that's what I had put in for the extra units for yeah yeah that chief restart did request eight units six were four on six excuse me right six yes for six six I think it was eight actually it was eight units total to replace two of the older ones yes and six to repair each new hire correct so at this time in the budget we're getting zero units well make talk to the talk to the council I mean you gave us the request for it yeah as I said I mean if if I didn't put in the the budget the personnel didn't make sense to add vehicles to go to a personnel that weren't going to be within the budget but again it's you know it's it's open for it's open for discussion could we request four at least four units to replace the aging fleet that we have to kind of cut down on some of the maintenance costs and repair costs to these units just this week we had to spend over $3,500 on one unit to get repaired what I'm getting a comment on the repair yes chief so he said two units are unusable essentially do we have a couple of units don't work the units all is requesting they still work but they're just costly to get repaired because they're constantly breaking down okay so large repair bills yes sir okay what what your proposal on the units let's say what you're saying I understand you're saying half of them but lease purchase outright purchase I was looking at at least so wouldn't for the eight units to do a lease through United leasing would have been about approximately $12,000 a month that that covers equipment cost units and ever and to build out the unit and now to be in a four year lease at the end of the four year lease we could have purchased the units for one dollar and that's 12k for all eight units yes sir and it's usually average about $16,000 per unit to get equipped with emergency lighting and cages and cameras and stuff like that because that doesn't include doing that that doesn't include units yes that's all included because there's so many units is there a discount for the amount of units or is it fair to say it's about 1,500 a month per unit yes sir it comes out to 12 yeah I was getting that I guess okay all right so two replacing essentially the ones that are costing a lot of money for repairs and then you're trying to get six more for the additional six officers that you're requesting correct yes sir okay and four year lease yes sir it's a four year lease you can go to three four or five year lease on them what happens with the equipment after four years it can get recycled if it can be repurposed to a different year but most a lot of them are vehicle specific and year specific they're not tied to stay with the vehicle or know that it gets stripped in auctioned off for the older equipment that can't be reused okay and you did you mentioned another mayor said you had open positions can you speak on that yes sir I have two people coming in what both of them are towards the end of the psyche bells and stuff like that so the next phase is just to get a physical and on board and what's the third one sir oh you say there are catheters three open positions is that accurate there's three open positions but we have one person in appeals right now for his position that got terminated okay you don't come in further yeah that's all I have for right now councilman Sean Plank thank you mayor all right chief do you have anything in writing or estimates on what you're requesting yes as well as the cost of what it will do to to your budget and and I just we we have to always remember that we supplement the police as well as we do other budgets with a general fine right so after you answer that question I'll ask Catherine if we include six eight units plus six new employees what is going to what is that going to do not only to the police budget but long term next year in the following year to the general fund so to add just six officers alone is almost 450,000 with benefits and salary at just the starting level officer 450 yes you're going to 2% on top of that that is just based off of what budget year wages would be with the dollar amount we supplementing the police department right now out of the general fund and this particular budget year for next year is almost $2 million two million that's nothing out of do you have any projections on what that dollar amount will be in the following year because it will increase we had a long conversation with Brad and Kyle on our auditors and it's really not sustainable for future years if you want to take a look at page 14 which is the 81 sales tax kind of summarized yes sir to kind of echo with Catherine Sand you can see the fund balance in 25 amount to hold it up but 449,025 and then the amended budget very bottom line on 14 you're looking at 172 five of fund ballots and for the 27 budget year you're looking at $60,000 so there's no fund balance left in 81 it's going to have to come from general fund and like Catherine said a million nine 50s already coming from general fund so essentially everything that's on the table tonight is coming from general fund and at no chief we have some other considerations also that's not included in this budget and that's wrong we do know that there's a lawsuit going on right now with one of the officers well I say a suit a challenge I guess is what one yes he's been terminated and they overheard it it's an appeal if the appeal if he wins a appeal what do you look in that cost wise how much is that going to cost the city if he wins a appeal I mean we don't know what's going to happen this happened before my tenure so I'm not exactly sure the total amount of the appeal I don't know what he was making and what his benefits would cost it I'd say maybe two hundred two hundred thousand dollars are over a hundred probably two hundred thousand dollars because he was terminated money or anything y'all and a public forum I just now know what I just think we need to be careful being on record any kind of thank you for I don't want names at anything no no yeah Catherine do you have an approximate cost if an appeal and as an employee of the city or whatever with that appeal if if that should be one without no matter what the factors that would be involved with that it's hard to say at this moment so well over a hundred two hundred thousand dollars possibly because we looking at like two years yeah which is not budgeted you just you understand that that's not a single dollar budgeted so that would be an addition to what your talk so that would affect these bottom numbers that you just think about whatever number that number is the match point I'm not going to speculate a number there's none of that in his budget so whatever it is whether it's a dollar or whatever it is right it would have to be taken out of this 81 sales tax but there's only sixty thousand dollars here social come out of a joke or lace the panel at least I know y'all saw the uptick in prediction yeah so it seems high and also I would also like to say that the general fund needs to say healthy because of our ratings well that's going to be my next question what is it going to do if I'll budget if I'll general fund which we use general fund dollars for roads infrastructure projects I mean that's what we rely on in that portion of the budget so what is that general fund gonna look like it will be an unhealthy well if you look at it now on page seven which I'm sorry on page seven the general fund as a budgeted by twenty seven is right is five a million dollars so we want to try to keep the general fund at least at a million dollars to be you know conservative to be prepared for you know if anything is necessary so possibly could depleted it it would it would it would depleted and we also required by law I think to keep a certain down 60 days 60 days about a rain revenue at least 60 days what do I think is Catherine's point of trying to keep a million dollars how much I think that's a point of trying to keep about a million is to be six years north to six 60 is the minimum I mean we always advise I'm conservative I'm gonna count it to be more than that but at a minimum 60 days yeah and we's always tried and then very good about trying to stay in that dollar amount. Chief do you have a I know the fire department just did a growth plan for the city do you have one yet for the police department at least to allow us to see what that plan is for the few in the near future or the next body years or whatever yes ma'am I do have one but I wasn't able to bring it with me because I got pulled off offices after it as you know that's all I have to write now may have more but no somebody else has a comment Mr. Mayor my recommendation will be to at least I'm in the budget by well estimated 36 thousand dollars for two units to replace the two units that are well aged and obviously cost them what what do you estimate and monthly cost on the two units like if we went to the last two bills you had on those units the last two bills one was for 3500 dollars and it has to go back in the shop now this could be another 900 when was the last time the units were actually used more than you know they're on the road full time they are these are the ones that are causing troubles and the oldest one of the oldest set that you have no it's not one of the oldest set it's one of the derangos that's been given us problem it's okay it's a dodge so yeah my recommendation I'd like us to mend it by a estimated based on what you'd said for the eight units 12,000 a month it would be 36,000 for two units for the year are you comfortable with doing that as leases yeah I think so yeah I mean in this case it's going to be a little more cost effective than doing a straight-out purchase on a budget that 60 grand left in it you're also going to have the factor in the equipment to he said this then includes the equipment that's in clues of the equipment yeah in the lease usually the equipment per unit is roughly about 15,000 so that alone is not going to be enough to I think the equipment is usually about $16,000 at one time that you're not going to amortize so that's 16 included in the lease yes it is so the figures and lease purchased okay so the original figures of eight units 12,000 alone is just lease that have you seen the lease agreements or not that when the last I spoke to the gentleman the price he gave me were included with the equipment in We wouldn't have to pay it out right? No, ma'am. Do we have the lease agreement here? Yeah, that's what I was going to ask. If we have, do we have the lease agreements in the front of us? We can probably be out in the name. Because we didn't have the lease agreement? We gave me some preliminary quotes. No. We don't have agreement in the front of us. Did you bring those with you? No, I did not. I can go get the email from my office if you'd like. I don't have a work phone with me. I think we all need a copy of that to make a... I do want to make sure that it includes equipment, which means police equipment. Because in the past, it has cost quite a bit to put equipment in a police... Yes, it's about $16,000 for the police. I mean, right, so... It's approximately $16,000, but let's cover it in the... And you say these units are being used... The ones that are being used... Yes, ma'am. They're all patrol. We know that every officer has a call, right? Correct. Every patrolman. Yes, ma'am. So they get... They don't work 24 hours. No. So why are they being used 24 hours a day? I guess that's what I'm... Is it issued units? What are they? They're issued units. Each officer is issued a unit to patrol. Yes. But they don't work 24 hours a day. No, you can't work a 24 hours shift. Correct. So what you said, they be used continually. That's why they need to be used. They're on the road if they're working patrol, or if they come in extra-for-lace, or if they come in to work at the park, or something like that, they have a unit. Yeah, but each day, they come in, everybody has a unit. So they come to work with them anymore. Right? They take them home. Yes, ma'am. So they are sitting idle for some period of time. I'm not saying they don't have a lot of knowledge on it, or they're not breaking down. How many units are you going to get rid of? Because I would assume you're going to get rid of them. Probably the two most would costly ones that are keeping up. The two units that are costing us the most to keep going. So do you have a list of those that you're going to... I have a list of them. I'll just ask you. No, get rid of. Have you determined that yet? No, ma'am. I have not. I have to go back and calculate which ones costing us the most to keep on the road. And I appreciate Mr. Remeran, and I appreciate you, which you're doing. So this isn't about not doing it. I would prefer personally to see some of this information documented to be able to make an informed decision on exactly how much money is needed. For the two units that Mr. Remeran spoke about, also which units you're going to get rid of, and if you're going to go ahead and I would assume an auction, is how they normally get rid of. It's written good auction. If, yeah. So I would like to see that documentation before we vote on doing anything. Mr. Remeran, on page six. Item number nine or attributed to your request. Or to budget items. The second one is the repaving of for street parking lot immediately needed. Or it's needed that be amended mid year or toward the end of the year. We could amend it mid year. Yes. It's needed. We checked into getting it resealed. Yeah. And patchwork done. But they said it's far past that. I mean, it's a council. Okay. I would say that more than enough covers two units to repair. Two units like we've done so many times over the years since 2015. It feels like every year we're replacing two to four units. And it's because these guys are on the road 24 seven, wear and tear. Non stop. I mean. Fundings there. If you're okay with pausing that. That's a replace that line item with two units to replace two durangos. And that was my question. Pending the everything matches up with. You know, if you were requesting that we remove the 44. Yeah. And put in the 36. But I still am not comfortable with out knowing because. Exactly what the dollars are like some type of estimate. Well, I mean, I'm not opposed to that. I'm just saying. I think we put the line item in there. Whether we leave it at 36 or 40 or whatever. But it before anything's issued. It needs to match up and make sure all the equipment's on there. It is a four year lease. We've done that before. I think with maybe Ricky was last time we did that. When the budget was tight one time. That's my recommendation. I think we need to help. Like we help fire. We do need help police as well. That. The leasing. I will say that leasing something that we've not done. I know that it appears to be more and more common with agencies. I mean, the biggest you do you do pay more over the long term. But the benefit obviously is. Cash flow. I mean, so you're paying a lesser amount with an opportunity to buy them at the end. So, I mean, we've considered it before, but it was with the enterprise. It just wasn't. It didn't make the most sense at that time. But it seems like this particular. The trend there is one that's becoming more. So. I mean, it's it's certainly you know up to you guys. We can bring you back whatever whatever it is that you'd like to see. You know, your meeting and your meeting again in. Two weeks. So it can keep that in mind. I mean, that can be it can be adjusted in this. Budget here can be brought back to. It's like I do want to make just one comment about. Brad mentioned in the budget message about renegotiating the SRO contracts. The SRO expense is exceeding the contribution. And I think that that's an area that we look at as well. That's why we're in the process of doing so. You know, I think SROs and schools are wonderful. And that's why we're not advocating for anything less of a service than what we have now. My application is that it needs to cover the cost of the service. And so that that's another area there. Since we have eight school resource officers. That's something that that does add up. You know, in the range of numbers that you're talking about, you know, here. I think that's a good question. Yes. Thank you. Catherine, what are we supplementing for SROs? Because some is reimbursed by the schools. So what is the general fund contributing to the SROs? Why don't particularly categorize it by that coming from the general, but you can see on your expenses we have SROs broken out by themselves. So the difference basically between what the revenue coming in and the expenses for those. I think that's it. I think it's actually what the general fund would cover. Okay. No, I agree, Mayor. I think, you know, negotiating. Well, I want to make sure our kids are safe and schools and negotiating those costs. So in page 15, which one? Sorry, page 15. The bottom is SROs. Those for 2027 budget 741,000, which is potentially possible city at this moment. And if you look back on page 14, you can see that the revenue coming in from SROs. Currently, 444,000. The jockey fed. You'll see that number. Oh, I'll do what you got. This was prior to chief or not. We're 13 638 for an SRO overtime. How does that happen? How are SROs making overtime? I mean, it's not a substantial amount, but it is $13,000. That's got to be because I mean, Lindy, I think we were part of that agreement. I don't know if you were you. I can't remember. I mean, it was half. I'm not mistaken. What's happened six years ago? Yeah, what's happened is the cost of inflation and the cost of the service has exceeded the marginal increase. 2% increase annually has just been negligible. I mean, I think it's a little bit more than $13,000. Okay. You know, to cover the expense and what we're looking at here is the total SRO expenditure. Just to reference the two numbers that Catherine's talking about. We're not breaking out. Anything other than personnel costs there. I mean, that's not cost of. You know, uniforms, vehicle, gas. And the two numbers that she's referring to on page 14 and 15 are the difference of the income from the service and in the expense for, you know, the labor. You've talked to us about, you know, what I guess would, you know, what would benefit would would would residency by having additional officers. You'd have more officers on the road because all the positions I was looking to get would be patrol position. One more on each patrol shift. And two more in the traffic division would constantly get traffic complaints from different residences and neighborhoods throughout the city. We're working to keep up. Just give you an instance last year. We get to that page real quick. From July of last year, told present, young soul police departments responded to over 14,000 calls. Going with more officers on the road shows more officer presence. Going through neighborhoods more often to turn people from going into neighborhoods, if they see a patrol call rolling through neighborhoods. Going to business checks. We have an extra officer on the road per shift to do this. What's your strategy of deployment of the usually a hundred hours of paid period of off duty traffic enforcement? And how does that reconcile with the need that you're describing in the neighborhoods? Well, duty traffic enforcement. They enforce different areas. We'll read. Deploy them to go. To try to help curtail the traffic problem right now. So we're doing that. This would also be in supplement two. With the traffic enforcement. We have now a lace program. I guess I'm so sorry. Chief, do you have anyone else? Can I know you have sergeants over the patrol people, right? Yes, are they on the road patrolling also given citations? So in reality, according to the org chart, did you bring us an at ex put an updated org chart? I just left the hospital when I came in. Yeah, I'm sorry. And his wife's feel so I do apologize. Because the org chart is not. It's fairly accurate. Yes, it's fairly accurate. It just didn't have names of positions where they're at now. So we right now employ wise. Yes, we have about is it 40 employees, forty one. 36. Approximately. Approximately 40. Or non commission. A comment like forty forty one positions in here. And because are you including the officers that are on three sixty five. In the organizational chart. Yes, man, they're. Okay, so you they're not really we're they're getting paid, but they're not. And that's a civil service issue. That's not a department issue. Correct. So what's going to happen when they come back to work? If you're in slots already. They're in slots already. But you want to hire new people. And you also have two openings or three openings, whatever. A patrol officers. Okay, repeat your question. Well, you you have a couple of open positions right now. You get ready to hire. Yes, yes, yes. So if you would hire more employees, more officers. You have how many out on sick leave. One possibly two. How long have they been out? One's been out since beginning of January. Around January. Can you explain to the audience with three sixty five. We keep talking about three sixty five. Can you explain to the audience what's three sixty five is? There may be people out there thinking what I don't know with three sixty five is. Our law of the officers are granted 52 weeks of sick time per year. They have to come with doctors, excuses, they get full pay. Why they're out on sick time. And then what happens when they get off a sick leave. And they come back. And then beyond sick leave again? They can. They can come back for one day and go back out on. 52 weeks of sick time. Have we had anyone that's been doing that. right now that you know of? Not to not much now. We haven't had anybody out that long. 52 weeks. I'll go back to a growth plan. If you can furnish us a growth plan to show all those projections, I think it would be a lot easier. It would be a lot easier for me. Okay. To make some of these decisions. Okay, I'll get those to you. Okay happy to join you. Chief, where are you getting, I guess, these numbers from that you need, X amount of officers? Is there, I guess, any data that you're looking at that stipulates due to X amount of calls or X amount of things, this is the amount of officers that I need, because like you just said, you're about to hire three that are going to be able to be on patrol. So if you haven't been working fully staffed and now you're adding additional three bodies to be able to do the patrol, how can you say, you know, if we add these extra three officers, are they going to meet the needs that you're currently not, that you're currently stating you're not able to meet by asking for another eight, so then you're technically getting lower than another 11 people that can be out there. Where's the, I guess, where's that number coming from? One of the individuals that's getting the new hires, one of the school resource officers wanted to get out of becoming a school resource officer and went back to patrol. So one of the new individuals that are being, will be being hired is going to school as an SRO. He'll be allocated to a young school middle as a new school resource officer over there. And they can only do SRO, they can't patrol as well. No, they can patrol as well. They're patrol certified as well. They're fully commissioned police officers. They can patrol or do SRO, but that's what his assignments could be as a school resource, as a school resource officer when he's at school, when they're off of school. Like if they have a holiday or something extended holiday, they come back and work the street on patrol as well. But, but you sure might have an SRO. Yes, sir. Okay, so our conversations where that we may see benefit outside of the classroom about three weeks a year. Yes, sir. Would you still think that's accurate? Yes, I do. Okay. With the exception of ARCA, because ARCA has summer school. Correct. Yes, sir. What just just a apologize. No, so out of the three positions, two, we're going to be patrol and one's going to be SRO. I might understand that. I can't speak on the one that's an appeal too much, but it's a ranking officer. So he'd probably not be on patrol that is an appeal. The one that is getting hard as a patrol officer, the second person getting hard as a patrol officer being will be dedicated to patrol, patrolling streets. So then I guess I go back to just my initial question with the numbers. Like how do you know that six is what you need? Like when you've never seen it, what it is when it's fully staffed. Like how do you adjust for that? Like if I was managing a unit and I've never been fully staffed, how could I say that I need? I need eight more nurses. One I've never had fully staffed to see how we manage our unit. Like how do you know from a number standpoint? Like what are you looking at data wise to support how many units the call volume and the growth of the city? That's what that I'm looking at. Calls, but what about actual like incidents? Because you've got some people who sit on the phone are just going to call day long about everything. So they still have to respond to us. Just because people are making calls, but like actual incidents. No, these are incidents. Actually like violates. They responded to over 14,000 responses. Is it July till today? Yeah, and you have that where you get in that data from. That's just like your call log. Sheriff's Office Communication Center that dispatches the police department. And that that amount of call volume is what you're saying lines up with needing six additional. Yes, and the growth of the city of the expansion of the city, wherever approximately 20 to 21,000 people right now. And the department hasn't grown. I'm not sure how many years. I'm not. I don't know when the last time the department's grown. Like at a personnel budget wise, it's budget wise. It grows every year. So I can't speak to the org chart. Because I'm sorry about it today for personnel wise. I don't have any more personnel that's added. I'll be the first to say that I have examine multiple budgets. I will sit up here and fight for one things make sense. But at the same time when the budget does not allow for adding anymore, it would be like bankrupting your own house or putting your own house in red. And you know, and as said, you're checking the gun all the time. And we physically should not do that. But I'll go back to. The lappitated equipment vehicles can. The road is to put us in even more danger for calls and stuff. It has been a common approval for this council multiple times a year, most will over the years that we do approve. The money is there. If we are, you know, I would recommend that we remove item nine, which is $44,000. And we replace that with two units. And we don't allow that funding until we actually see the lease agreements that they match up. We can even buffer it to let's say $40,000, which is $4,000 less than the line item. So it actually would put us 4,000 positive on the estimated budget for the 2627 fiscal year for 81 sales. That's okay. That would be my recommendation. I would like to amend it like that when the time comes. I'd love to hear any conversation on it as part of officers. I mean, I agree that we need SROs in the schools. I have a kid in middle school, I have a kid in high school. It is very important. But at what expense did the city of Youngsville do we need that? We've got to make changes. And if the sheriff's office wants to come in and take over the elementary schools or even middle. And it frees up thousands and thousands of fund dollars for us to do more and put more people. I'm on patrol. I'm all for it. I have no problem with seeing the sheriff's office, life at bearish in the city. And I've told that to the prior two chiefs. And I'll still agree to it. And the mayor made a great point. Inflation is the devil right now in everything. Cars, houses, equipment, everything we do personnel. Souries going up. And we are about to be in a financial crisis where we cannot have enough general fund money because we're pulling too much to other departments especially WIPD. Which you inherited this. This has been going on for 10, 11 years like this. It's just the fact that that reserve is depleted to a point to where we're, I thought we would be here a lot further along, but it seems like it's coming a lot quicker. Especially according to what you said at last line. So that'd be my recommendation. Oh, sorry. Thank you, ma'am. Councilman Remarer, I completely agree with you on SROs. As a matter of fact, I've had that conversation with the chief already because I do agree with you. I think looking at this budget, because of the way that city does supplement because the schools are not paying the total cost of it. And we all want to make sure we keep the SROs in the schools. We want to make sure we do that. But I agree we can't deplete the general fund at any budget because just in my opinion, just by adding back some of the dollars, if say the sheriff's department decides to come in, or schools can hire private security also, there's no law that states it has to be the municipal police department that does that. It would free up some of the general fund dollars, which at that point would allow the chief to put more officers on the street. Just those dollars, that difference, I think. I don't know what those dollars would be. Catherine's the financial officer. But that would free up some dollars if the SRO could be fully funded or another agency come in and take it over to make sure that we're comfortable with the fact that our kids are being taken care of in the schools. So the SRO thing, I completely agree with you and I've talked to you, chief, about that. Just to add a little bit more context, I just did the math of the numbers in your page, the budget that you're amending tonight to end June 30th. SRO income versus SRO expense. This is just the paycheck expense, not apparatus, uniform, all those fees or cost. You're at a 177,798 in that is projected in the new budget July 1st to be 296,975. So chief, I don't rely on police chief to tell me their plan. My concern is you talk a lot about related like size cities. So just looking at dollar to dollar, I can tell you the city of Rousard just adopted their budget last week and it's a $6 million budget. Yours is about a $5.8 million budget. Their square miles is about, that's not his dance, but their population. I saw Mayor Borg talking about their populations up pretty close to what our estimate was. The day we saw it, the day we got our estimate, their creeping up on us and they're also about 45% more square miles than we are. So I think that's why you're hearing some questions about this council approves dollars. But I think there's concern about how those dollars are probably being deployed, which is why we're taking a heightened look at the cost discrepancy with the SRO potentially. So I think that's what it is. I don't, nor does anybody want to underfund the police department by any means. That's why it's a double-digit increase this year, starting July 1st versus what it was the year ending June 30th. And we can go back and it's the same as well. How that's equating or how that's being deployed. I know that you've been looking at that. I do. I've made some adjustments in, you know, whether it's administrative or we rely on you to tell us how you want to spend that $6 million. I did a cursory glance at Scott and Karen Crow. I know that they are smaller, but the dynamics are probably still different. It's not just size. Their budgets both start with a four. So I don't know. You know, I don't know the answer to that because it looks like every time I try to settle on what is an appropriate metric, I see something that can dispute that. So I think that's why we are going to have to depend on the leadership at the police department, but it's a $6 million. When we add the capital items of $340, $300,000 for axiom, then the total police budget, this particular year is $3,000, how much is axiom? $275. Okay. So you're actually, this year, going to be like at a $6.1 million budget. So I think that's just why, you know, this is the only time there in the year that the council can really probably ask questions and get a little bit more granular because it's not, you know, that it's not, you're the only one that is, can you have sole discretion over hires, fires, and you have sole responsibility over the budget once it leaves tonight. So I think the greater question is, you know, I know you want to look at like, how many per 1,000, I see stuff that disputes said, I don't know, is it square mauses at a combination of it? I don't know, I don't know the answer to it, but I think what's being pointed out tonight is just some, the gap on the SRO when you do the math. I think that's, you know, particularly of interest because initially when the council approved that agreement, everyone unanimously thought it was a great idea because I think the expectation of the value outside of the classroom, that expectation, I believe, is greater than the value that is being received today outside of the classroom. To answer the question relative to the overtime, someone asked and I asked Catherine not to answer it because I didn't want to interrupt the chief, but it's because there's, the SRO is getting overtime before and after school to direct traffic at the school. So that's something that also hasn't been from day one. So I think that's why we're seeing the cost escalation on this particular, you know, service. So I do think, you know, it's wise of, you know, this council to look at it, no different than, you know, you look at and help advise decisions relative to parks and recreation. You know, we've evolved the way law enforcement has handled in parks and recreation today, you know, putting that cost onto the demand generator, you know, the, you know, the, you know, the host of the event. So I think that's probably what the discussion is here. Look, I will agree, I think councilman Romero's on to a good point. I mean, all of the fleets are aging. So I don't think it's unusual for us to, you know, look at doing, you know, two, I think that that's fair. I think it's just the absence of knowing what's the ask or what's the plan, you know, like probably immediately after that. Lisa's probably do make sense. I don't know. There's a reason why people are doing them, you know, so there's eight, eight S. We have eight. Yes. So we'll make sure I've got that right. We've got two elementary. Where's it three elementary with Arca? We have three at Arca to its south side and one at every other school, except the session, the sheriff's office has the essential. How much is the sheriff's office, Georgian, ascension? The sheriff's office for the new, for the 27 years, going to be charging over 77,000 for SRO. So why is the SRO a lot been not standardized across life, like what is, what is life, a pair of school board pay the sheriff's office to do schools at 78,000, but they won't they don't pay the sheriff's office 78,000. The, the standardized costs for the Latvian pair school board is approximately, I think 45,000 dollars a year per SRO plus a 2% increase every year. Arca and private schools pay the 70 something thousand dollars for the sheriff's office. So why is the school board part of our task and is it they want it so bad? I'm just, I'm just thinking to myself, Kerr, I'm, I want that question. SRO is belong in schools and I want SROs in schools, but why is the school board backing the public and not, not making it, if we're making it a priority for everything else we do in this community, why are they making it a priority? So what my suggestion would be is we can't afford it, then we need to raise, we need to raise the cost to cover that because that raising that cost would give you more money in your budget to do more officers, more, more units, whatever that cost may be. Correct. Understand that. I know with the mayor and Mr. Tronhall and I've been going back and forth talking with Arca in negotiations to get that price raised at least for Arca for now. I don't really think it should be an negotiation. I think it's not, it's not negotiable. I think you tell them the price and that's just what it's going to be and if they don't, then we, we seek elsewhere. I mean, what I'm saying is that there's been too much discussion in begin with. What I'm saying is that we're obviously trying to haggle back and forth with how much money we're willing to take and how much they want to pay. But if it's, if it's, to me, it's a non-negotiable, we're not, because having SROs in school is a non-negotiable, but they don't, you don't, they don't need to tell us what they're going to pay us. This is the price. And just for clarity and procedurally, not on anybody else, but calculations were made as to finally what the cost was. And the amount of time these SROs spend at the school versus the amount of time that the city benefits, not to say that they don't benefit at school, but 94.2% of the time they're serving the private school. Okay. So based on those numbers, based on the average, and I didn't do the calculations credit to the administration they did, these are the numbers, gentlemen. And we're at a point where we're waiting on their response. We've thrown the numbers out. We've explained our calculations to them and said, you know, this is our, this is our offer. And we never want to say it's non-negotiable, but we're at that point. And so we're waiting on their response. The school does not have to get a resource officer or security from the government. It's in, correct? So they can go to private security, they can go to the sheriff's office, they can come to us. That's correct. So they can get three different quotes and pay whichever one they prefer. That's correct. And in, you know, fairness to Chief Bruce Ford, we started out, well, let me just say for my experience, we started out at 55,000. We moved through Chief Luvier to 65,000. They wanted to pay the same amount and the administration did a calculation to see what exactly the value is that they're receiving. And we came up to a little over $72,000. So that was our offer. That's where we stand as far as negotiations go. And so, waiting on the response. And we're losing a lot of money from LPSF, correct? Yes. You know, every time they asked me to reevaluate it, I do. And the number becomes higher. Because what, what the last numbers I haven't sent you are really what's reflected in our financial report, because this includes insurance as well. So I think that's why we're looking at a, you know, we're staring at a $300,000 deficit. The two digit increases that we received from the local type of. That's correct. Now, well, our costs have exceeded the escalations and the contract. So, right. Some of them. Sorry. I just want to wait. Are these negotiations going on with the LPSS also? No, I'm just with Orkrat this point in time. I had no involvement with Windows LPSS contract. Not sure. Councilman, I wish I had that answer for you, but I'm not sure. You have it. I'm saying that I just did some math offer with the mayor did with the $290,000, 300K SROs at ASROs. If we pull four of those out, it funds two of your officers. Bar none covers two of the officers point by. I know that's pulling four and all that. Obviously you have two of the officers where you need to. You know, we'll have to figure that out to pay them, but. I mean, if you're talking to it, Arca, to the elementary schools or whatnot, you know, I mean, there's three. And I'm sure one of those high school. I'm thinking, I mean, when I look at it, I'm thinking, look, Southside is the biggest school or second biggest school in the parish. Two seems probably small actually for that school. But you know, YMS having one is great. And you know, again, Arca is a high school in our city. They I'm having one sure, but I mean, I think when we looked at this six or so, about six years ago, I think there was some national exposure to it and it was devastating stuff. And then some stuff happened a year later and it was, hey, we're going to take care about 55% of the bill. I remember having a conversation with, you know, school board members, Centennial, Hill, Dahlga, Latchelay, several of them. And I know we all did. It was great. Yeah, we can cover it. But we also had. Ton of money and reserve. Lace was bringing in one point something I think at the time. We're just at a point to where if our citizens, which they deserve more presence on the streets, we've got to pull them back into work the city and allow, whether it's the sheriff's office, private security, wherever it might be, have them pick up the slack in those things. The things private security would be a bad idea for us. And again, I don't know what it is. I'm not, I'm not police. I have no background on that. But again, I know a person heard Sheriff Garber say I'll be glad to come in and help you all or help in the school system. And I get it. There's probably some, you know, share being here with the YPD. But we're talking about elementary and potentially middle schools. And actually my recommendation be to from the private charter school, well, I wouldn't call it private, the charter school that, you know, they can probably handle whether it's private security or sheriff. But I mean, that was my recommendation. They're obviously talking to Arcan now, they're going to back to you. If I'm the mayor, I'm pulling that back completely, saying sorry, we're the budget year. We're not funding that call so and so. And then I think we need to, you all need to have a meeting with our school board member, Helda, go and probably superintendent to shed and say, look, we can't afford it. Because this department does not have the money. What? Yes. I just, I just want to share that we have the opportunity to make a lot of different things of priority. When we're hearing, I mean, cursory glance, it looks like our appropriation to the police department is double digit yearly. It looks like, let's just say the six million excluding our, you know, six is right in the middle. If you want to consider the capital or not, I really think we need it. It's a, we could do more than one thing. We can have SROs and we can increase patrol. We just can't, shouldn't be looking at a $300,000 deficit for the SRO service because then it becomes difficult to do, you know, more things. So I think what I'm hearing is willingness to help you get the goals that you're desiring. So it's going to take some, you know, negotiations on the funding source because this one's, you know, this one's significant. So, do you have anything else? We can, you can discuss anything about the budget. It's a public hearing. So the council doesn't have anything. I'll yield to anyone in the public that chooses to address the city council as well relative to the budget that was just, that was just reviewed. Oh, yes. Sergeant Landry. Yeah, you want to come up so we can. I have a question. And regards to SROs and decisions of moving or pulling them back onto the road. How would that affect the budget because it's already being supplemented by the school? So if it's, if that money's being taken away, how are we going to afford to keep those officers on the road? Is that going to eliminate positions and put people out of work? Oh, no. No one, no one's out of work by any means. The concern when we, when we look at. Through, you know, through years of more improved accounting, we're looking at what the expenses for the SRO service is in the budget that's before the council tonight. It's a 300,000. We're getting reimbursed 300,000 less than what the police department in the city are paying for the officers that are deployed to the school. So I think the, I think what I'm hearing here is a willingness to try to help give the chief more of what he's asking for because if we were getting the, if we were getting the whole amount reimbursed and additional 300. That helps fund the request that he's making. What we're saying is we don't know if you should have them on patrol in the school that's not our realm. We're just looking at other like size cities. The total allocation appears to be at a cursory glance in line. It's grown every year. Now it's, you know, $6 million. So that's it. I mean, if we, we're not getting reimbursed dollar for dollar and, you know, lots happened. I mean, the, seems like the school year gets longer. I mean, ARCA has summer school. So our SROs are working summer school now. The training requirements, you know, are there. The, the SROs, if I'm not mistaken, the eight hour employees have greater vacation by, I think maybe two weeks, then they did just a few years ago. So that's why when we're staring at a $300,000 number, you know, before that probably wouldn't have been a big deal because we knew that, you know, those SROs out of school are also supplementing patrol and different things. But because of the their availability, no fault of their own, because of their availability, are they really supplementing patrol? That's, I think, kind of what's being asked. I was going to speak to that saying we basically are getting 40% reimbursed for the SROs. So while we would essentially be covering 100% of it, we're not having to add more into six additional officers on top of that. So in that sense, you would get, you know, more for what we have already since we're already costing us 60%. Well, I know the increase in traffic has mostly come from there being an increase in how many kids go to Orca who don't live in the city. That's caused a lot of issues, having more citizens moving into town and their kids coming into the schools again has allocated more need for us to do more patrols. More crashes have occurred this past year than before. So those things also need to be taken into consideration that the need for law enforcement is there. I do understand that we all have to look at numbers and it's really important on how much things cost. We're trying to do everything that we can to keep the costs on as best as we can. As an officer on the road, that's what I'm trying to do. We do have to go to every call that is called in whether we think it's previlous or not. And we have been getting more calls about traffic. So that's been a big issue, which we can't do anything about, but try to respond to them. Thank you. Thank you, Sergeant. Anyone else wishing to address the city council? You said lighting officers go. I don't think any of us ever wants that. I think the problem is we're seeing one of the tightest bottom line budgets. We've seen that. I know I've ever seen. And the 11 years and it's it's kind of. He's right in the face. So that's why I think the encouragement to our attorney, the mayor and chief is to, hey, go back to the drawing board with them. Let's get 100% funding. Or we need to pull some of those people back and use those resources in a different way. So this might be a little off the wall, but just because you brought up, Bruce art in their budget. With commo closing and redistricting. I'm assuming we're going to be receiving all of Bruce arts kids coming to Southside and young's bills, footing the bill for the SRO officers. I think that's a good thing to help to Bruce art about offering SRO officers to cover Southside since pretty much all of their students are going to be going to Southside. And that help offset some of these SROs. Is that a. Is that an option? I think anything's an option. I know the chief had a conversation with the assistant superintendent about projected enrollment chief. Do you want to share that? I spoke to Miss Jennifer Gordner last week. I think it was. And she said they're only allocating one more teacher to Southside with commo closing because it should only bring about approximately 50 students because they're given a lot of the commo students choice of where they want to go. So so far they're only projecting they need one more teacher from what I'm being told. Just with the amount of students already coming from Bruce or that's what I'm saying. I'm sure probably there's probably 40% out of magic or from Bruce or I think initially they said they're where to have more but now they're given these people just saying overall like even with the addition that's fun but like overall, even including now is what I'm saying. So just saying it can I mean that could be a potential option. If all their kids are going to become a Bruce art. I mean coming to Southside. I mean I think it's worth a conversation. Because I'm sure they have SRO officers at Bruce art. And what's the other. But those middle schools are still open. Yeah initially. Yeah, I think it was. I think initially the projection was up to 200 kids. But that was an early projection. So I don't know. You know the particulars. I know they started. I guess I think giving waivers to people before they really knew what the school was doing. So I don't know because initially when they're with 200 more kids, I believe the request. So I wanted another SRO. Correct. But when I spoke to them this last time, they said no, they don't need another SRO because it's only predicted about another 50 students. Majority kids are going to laugh at I and then 200 something going to Katie Anna for the Jack or she didn't say what they were going. At least that's what the school were. I'll go and mention to me. All right, anyone else wanting to address the council and not just related to the police. It could be about anything within the budget document that we just reviewed any questions about it. Any any concerns. Here's Josh is here. So the request. Can you just speak on. I'm no issue with them, but the sidewalk trails, which is line item 26. And then. 28th the restroom expansion. Building. Do you like keep us know what those are? I guess essentially. Yeah, I think it's just all to you. So I apologize. No problem at all. Thanks mayor for having me. I want to say before I speak on that. Tim's doing really great. He's been back in the office last. A couple of weeks and transitioning from a walker to a cane and moving around a lot better and doing really well. So I'm sure a lot of you guys have asked me about it. So I just wanted to say that publicly. He's doing really great. On the trails, the trails include. I haven't had a chance to talk with Catherine. That's the starting a road. Foster Park trail and then. As I walks around the conflict. Yeah, the two sidewalks. Sorry, the two sidewalks. Connect the gate that goes out behind the soccer fields between the bad and cage. Do you bad engage in the soccer fields to that gate right there on on sidewalk? Yes. Back to the main gate behind the geo one outfield right there. So there's a there's a warm dirt track right there where people. People park at Arca right and walk across. Yep. And so that's that's the pedestrian path. And then also kind of doubles as. We're using the expansion. You know in a big capacity now and all of our equipment is coming from the sports complex. Our equipment is going to use that sidewalk to eliminate the dirt and mud track that we're creating to get on sidewalk and get over to the expansion. The other side walk is between geo three and four that goes from the main. You know center of geo out to the fitness trail near the other side of the bad and cages. And that's that's because the the tournament organizations that are in the park. Before the geo bad and cages you know existed there. They were using the playground gate as the second gate for tournaments. So first the in the parking lot gate. But now with the bad and cages that's the most used gate and just trying to get that back on once you met. Nice. And the expansion and restroom building is. Oh, it's called on there. Yeah expansion restroom building. We spent a lot of money on the. Restroom trailer. Remember there so that was intended to be a temporary trailer when the expansion opened not to over 2024. Trailer has. It's been it's been a lot of maintenance issues. It's probably largely because of overuse in that area. I think the playground. The Lions club playground right there. Is a hit. There's a lot of people there all the time and so are the pickleball courts right there. So it's being used a ton. And so that line item is to build a permanent restroom structure. In that place. At least don't have funds from. Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean, it was just some larger line-ups and. I mean, the fun has it. I was just curious because I didn't get a chance to meet with them. And I'd miss that when I reviewed earlier. Thank you. Yeah. Chief, I just want to just one other comment while I'm thinking about it that I know one of the one of the benchmarks that. I just want to make sure that we're that we're all using the same number because part of our budget. It's 27 million in capital items that's largely being funded. By grants and other intergovernmental sources. So. I didn't do. I didn't do the number. But when you look at that six million dollar. I didn't do the number. But when you look at that six million dollar. Ish police budget relative to our. You know, our. I don't know. Non capital budget. I think it would be a much different number than than what you would not have discussed earlier. Okay. Appreciate it. Any other questions or comments or anything from the public. I'm assuming that there's there's no other comment or question from the public. We can we can move on to. Close the public hearing and we'll go to agenda item 5.1, which is budget amendment ordinance 515 2026. In ordinance of many in the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of young zoo Louisiana for fiscal year 2025 2026. I'm asking for a motion on that and please make your motion to be revised as the amended copy is on your seats. The reason that is because we're using more accurate actuals. Then we initially have provided to you. So seeking a motion of to amend the budget with the revised copy. Please. I think you're going to make a motion to amend the budget. Okay. Just to be. No confusion. Yeah, you're right. Okay. All right. So said there was a motion in a second. I know we had a public hearing but last chance I guess there's any comment from the council or the public. All right. You're going to get your please call the vote on the amended year in budget June 30th. In motion. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. Clear the floor. Okay. Yes, yes. Mr. Volga. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Yes. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Council 5.2. Budget ordinance 516 2026. An ordinance adopting the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of young. Louisiana for fiscal year 2026 2027. Similar here. We ask that you. Note the revised. Budget. Some of the fund balances were updated on the budget. So we're going to provide that. That's what you've been working off of. Yes, sir. Motion to approve the revised budget. Ordinance number 516 2026 for the 2026. 2027 fiscal year. Amending one line item nine in the 1981 sales tax. By removing the repaving of fourth street for an amount of 44,000. And to lease fully equipped units not to exceed 40,000 pending receiving to lease agreements in the city hall office. All right. Thank you. Councilmember Romero. Nicole, you're good. All right. Is there a second to the motion as presented? All right. Second by Mr. Volga. It's open for council comment or discussion. And once again. Okay. Yes. Let's see. So there was a motion in a second. Let's see Mr. Nile and Jeff. A question sir. Yes. So if it's removed. Just one second please. Okay. Yes sir. So if it's removed. And say that the numbers were just off. And then we're going to go through the two vehicles. And it exceeds the 40,000. And so then we're not going to go through with it. Put the money back into the police phone. Are you do we go back and then re amend to be able to fix the parking lot? Is that what your game plan would be? It's not going to exceed the amount of. And what I've been told. Is there a way to fix it? Or is it going to be a way to fix it? Yeah. Just let's just say it is. You would have to come in. We would have to come back. If it is 40,000. So I guess the whole point would be. Instead of making any amendment to it. Go get your numbers. Come back. Then we can amend it to take the thing out. Instead of having to do it. All over again. If the numbers are too high. Just leave it as is. Then we can amend the budget later when you get the real numbers. If the number is 40, we don't have to amend anything in this forward. But if it is not, then we have to give it all over again. That's why I put the 4,000. Regardless the money is approved. Whether whether if it comes back over 40 or 940 regardless the 44,000 is still a person in his budget. 40. What I'm saying is we have a more 40 was the 44,000. For the repayment we removed 44 and gave for regardless. The 40,000 is still a person in the budget. Whether it exceeds or not it's still in there. If the 40,000 is there. Do you have a plot that's with the parking lot or just sits in this budget. This is not the beauty. It's at 36,000. 4,000. I don't know what to do. Correct. I don't know what to do. Any other comment or question? Any public comment relative to the motion on to move forward with the new fiscal year budget? All right. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Amaro. Mr. Niamhane. Yes. Mr. Shalplash. Yes. Mostly approved. All right. Brad, thank you so much. So sincerely appreciate it. It's always a pleasure working with you in Colin. So thank you very much, Catherine and your team. Thank you. And I want to say a special thank you to our supervisors and department leadership in the back in Josh. Representing sports complex in the front. So sincerely appreciate all that you do. And Amanda, congratulations again on being a road scholar. Those of you that don't know Larry is sitting next to Amanda. Zach Macheran. Wade. I'm sorry. I never. John. John. John. John. In an Alex Mezzaroll. So thank you guys very much. Yes, Mr. Shalplash. I want to publicly thank you. Thank you. Yes, Mr. Shalplash. I want to publicly thank the Public Works Department and all of you because I tell you I hear nothing but good things about you when you go out in the public about how you speak to the residents, how helpful you are and how you'll give them your phone number. Maybe I shouldn't be saying that for Terry. But maybe I shouldn't be letting Terry know that. But anyway, so thank you all for that. And Josh, true thanks. We're so glad to hear that Tim is doing better. And I know y'all we all want him back, you know, full time. But thank you for the job that y'all have been doing at the sports complex because you know you can't really. Tim is so instrumental in that sports complex, but y'all have kept it running smooth. Everything's going. It looks wonderful. So thank you all for all your efforts. And we're glad to hear about you. All right. Thank you, ma'am. Is there a motion to adjourn? All right. Motion by Ms. Champagne and second by Ms. Barra as all in favor. Hi. All right. Meeting adjourned. And week from tomorrow, July 3rd, Red, Ride, and Booms. Hope to see all out at the sports complex. Have a great evening.