 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you in our city, but I just pray that you bless them as they leave this city to continue prosperity, continue hope, and we just thank you for that. But we thank you mostly for coming through the Easter season. We thank you for that. We didn't celebrate the death burial and resurrection of Jesus Christ, or not pray that as you have come to give us life and life for a bunch of things, or that we can't hear a young soul continue to just enjoy that life and much more than that a bunch of life. Thank you for this meeting for this gathering. We just ask you to bless them today. We pray this divine image of His name. Amen. All right, if our wee blows would come on up please. These are the wee blows scouts from pack 457. Their cub masters here, Mr. Kevin, and then also the din leader, Miss Bethes here with us this evening. Thank you all for for bringing these young leaders here with us this evening. So... To the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands for my nation, under God, indivisible with liberty and justice for all. Great job. Well done. Yeah. Thank you. These young leaders are working on their, my community requirement, and they're also planning their Derby car competition, which will be coming up soon. So best of luck on that, and then also in the leap testing coming up. So all right, see Mr. Leatherwood, please call the roll. Mr. Bullgiano. Mr. Romero. Mr. Nylon. Mr. Champagne. Here. Right, agenda item 3.1. Superintendent Tushed from Lafayette Paris Public School Systems here to provide his update for us. Thanks for being here during the... Provided you would at one page. I'm not going to go through this, but just want to bring your attention to the very bottom. These are the different projects that you probably can see if you go to these various schools. First and foremost, my goal throughout when I became the superintendent is to remove every portable building off of every campus throughout these 42 campuses we have. Within a year and a half, I can assure you that there will not be one portable building, no matter where you go in Lafayette Paris, as long as I'm the superintendent, and that begins with removing those from Ernest Gallette, and we're going to be building a wing going straight back with all of that land, and also at the mayor's request, helping with the flow of traffic. We're going to be really getting people off the road and putting more yards on our property so that we can make sure that that roundabout is secure, and we're doing everything we can to help with the city also. So all of that is scheduled to start this summer, and it will take probably a year, so probably the beginning of 27-28. This is going to be a reality what's going to take place there. Youngsville Middle, you can see that we've done a lot as far as the exterior is concerned. That meeting place as far as the gymnasium is concerned. We're tearing up the floor, we're tearing up bleaches. We're really doing a lot as far as making sure that that meeting place is something that would be something that people are really proud of. And then naturally, that's outside. Lots of different things happening over there. I'm happy to say that we finished that project as far as the football field. We had one successful season as far as completing and playing on a field that belongs to those kids, but we also are going to start upgrading the facility as far as the football field is concerned. There is going to be parking that will be taking places for us, home side is concerned, creating tailgate spots and doing a lot of different things, just making sure and it's by all means it's not going to be gravel. We're going to be hard-surfacing all of that. That's going to be something that's going to take place. In addition to that, just like every high school has, they're going to get a field house to where it's going to be a brick and mortar building that is going to be very much something that many colleges don't have throughout and that's what you see if you go to a cadet at a high school and you go to south, you go to Lafayette High, everyone has those type of things. And the kids here in Young'sville deserve to have the exact same thing to everyone else. But more importantly, these are just things that I just want to keep on your radar. I just want you to know that I have an excellent communication with your mayor and I want to just extend that first of all, everything that we're doing is we're trying to provide a viable public option for people in the Young'sville area. With that being said, all of the other information all the other information that you have there is just something that you can just read on your own, but just want you to know that we are just happy to be able to say that we have some great schools here in Young'sville and a lot of it has to do with the partnership we have with the city. Any questions from me on any of these different things? Great job. Thank you, Superintendent. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. All right. I'd also like to recognize Mr. Charles Schwarmo from Crude Acadienne. He's going to fill us in on some activities that happen in this weekend here in Young'sville thanks to their efforts. Good evening, Council. Thank you so much for having me. Okay, when we're today with Mr. Baylin-Moores from HB Builders, he's one of our sponsors. I just wanted to inform everybody this weekend will be our third BYUB hamburger and hotdog festival. It's going to be held at the Young'sville Sports Complex Ampitheater. Last year was quite a success and it was about 2,500 people. This year we're bringing on some big sponsors and bringing on some big entertainment. We have Smaik Munki and Jamie Persion along with the Perus R versus Young'sville cooking competition. Chief JP has been working diligently for the badger to come back. Great. I'm glad to hear that. This is going to be a fun event. I just wanted to say thank you so much. We'd love to invite everybody to come over here. It's going to be a huge behalf over 40 vendors, 20 cooking teams. So like I said, Bay and CJ's have a course show this year too. So it'll be kind of fun. I just want to once again introduce Mr. Baylin and let him just give a little bit about himself and his business is fun. Yep. How's it going? I'm Baylin-Moores with HB Builders. How many people are expecting to go this weekend? I'll be there. Can I get a show? Sure we'll. Okay. How many are not going to be going? Everybody's going. All right. I'm just I'm a local builder. Just been known Charles for a while and happy to be involved and excited to compete with the police force and I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Well we look forward to thank you both for everything you do for the community and then for help and support our police department. Not only here, but in Bruce Art as well. So thank you so much. I look forward to seeing you this weekend. All right. Thank you. And I'd also just before we begin, I'd love to like to just give a special recognition excuse me, special recognition Mr. Dirk Swallow is here. He's our energy customer service rep. He's the liaison to our municipality into my office. So Dirk, if you welcome an interesting question. Yes sir. Thank you mayor. I just wanted to put a face to the name to some of you. I've been dealing with the mayor and Mr. Terry for a long time and and others here. But we're always doing ongoing improvement projects on our lines and tree trimming and anything we can do to help keep the lights on and prepare for the God help us. We don't have a hurricane or anything, but we're we're improving our infrastructure today. It'll hold up better for these type things and ongoing improvements as always. Thank you. I appreciate it and thank you. You and into you're always very responsive to us. So grateful for your efforts. Absolutely. Anytime. Thank you sir. Right agenda item 4.1 approval of the March 12, 2026 meeting minutes. All right, motion by Mr. Romero and the second by Ms. Shampine. Any council comment or question? Any public comment? Can Ms. Leatherwood? There's no public comment. Please call the vote. Mr. Shampine. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Ms. Bares. Yes. Motion passed. All right. Thank you, agenda item 5.1 approval of the February 2026 finance report. All right. Motion by Councilman Shampine and a second by Mayor Pro Tembolgiano. Is there any council comment or question? I did place on your desk the updated sales tax report that just reported this week and Catherine had a conflict this evening. So she's excuse from the meeting. But if you have any questions, I'm happy to follow up with it. So with those motions, second any public comment. All right. No public comment. Ms. Leatherwood, please call the vote. Ms. Bares. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Ms. Shampine. Yes. Motion passed. All right. Thank you, agenda item 6.1. Is to discuss a variance to the land use regulations for slumco substation to be located at 1029 Savoy Road. Counseled as you are aware, the slumco did acquire property on Savoy Road with the purpose of building any electrical substation that project in order to work on that parcel would need a land use variance from the council and this evening we have two gentlemen from slumco here to be able to tell you a little bit about the project. So Mr. Glein, you want to maybe take the opportunity or Mr. Charles, right? Charles Cramer. These two gentlemen are the engineering supervisor and engineering manager with slumco that can tell us a little bit about the project that perhaps the need why why that location and why we're here today. Thank you. Mr. Mayor, Council, Madam Clerk. I'm Glen O'Jell. I've been a slumco 54 years. I'll be 74 next month. Mr. Charles Cramer is 25 and many are what? Five years. Five years, I'm sorry. Yes, well, substation. It's really really we got I got to stress high important and the need for the station is that's what I like to start off this way. Currently, Young'sville is served and come in anytime you want. Young'sville is served from our newville substation, Muto substation and Sugarland. Sugarland is on Almanaster. It's the one that we probably built 18 years ago. Some of the circuits, the circuit is the line that comes out of the station or substation. You got to transform. It breaks it down high voltage to distribution voltage. Some of the circuits that serve the city of Young'sville from Newville as long as seven miles. So can you imagine it exposed you getting seven miles our time to get to your home, lightning, trees, quarries. Then we have Muto. Those are a little short probably five miles, but you got customers. Every pole has a transformer. So we built we thought we built this what we call the Sugarland on Almanaster. So we thought that that would take care of problems 15, 18 years ago. Well, this 10 Sugarland, Overload, Barris Flip, nobody we did not imagine how fast this area was going to grow. I mean it's just taking off. So we started looking we said we got to do something quick. I was able to buy this five acres on Savuah. It's a joining it's next to an existing transmission line. That's simple. What we got 250 miles of transmission. 220 miles of transmission. 240 and 45. So on Almanaster, it served nine perished. But we were able to buy this piece of is a thousand feet from the corner at at uh. So I want to show uh and show a thousand feet which puts us in the Lord area exactly where we need to be. All plan is to bring five circuits out of towards that area one one on blue south four four to the corner. You expose it from seven six five miles three miles from Sugarland. Well, let me talk about Sugarland a little bit. When we built Sugarland, we we didn't there's five circuits that come out of Sugarland. Three of them are probably more in the Bruce order area. They leave in travel to Boussa. There's only two circuits that come towards the youngster. So this is going to be a first of a kind. This new Savuah station will be completely dedicated. This station will only serve the city of the youngster. All five distribution circuits come out of the station will be to serve the city. And the reason we're doing that is not for a winter future. It's current need. We need to get the station in now. And when Mr. Glenn mentions circuits. What he's referring to is you know, we can serve the load today. One car accident takes out a pole. If we don't have this additional substation with available capacity, they're they're lighting it'll be all for longer because we won't have the ability to transfer load to another source until we make those repairs. They'll be, you know, I don't want to hint at things like rolling blackouts. But until we have the infrastructure in place, we cannot, I guess courageously say that we would be able to serve the growth we're seeing in young zone. It's great. We're just trying to keep up with what we're seeing in terms of electrical load. So the circuits are just going to provide reduced exposure. They're going to break up existing lines from seven miles and miles to the down to four to five. And also the rest in that. Yeah, and possibly less. So the exposure is going to be less, but also your ability to transfer electrical load between feeders and times of emergency greatly increases as well. What he's talking about now is it'll give us the availability of back fee. If we lose a circuit from Sugarland, we'll be able to back feed from Salwar and vice versa. So the peak that does, I'll refer to the Sugar Mill upon area. Those people are going to be within a mile of the substation. After a major event, you're going to be the first to come back on. You probably reduce your if it was a day a day and a half before it would be three four hours as we start from the station and work out my back. So again, the need is yesterday for this new station. I don't know how I am. You know, anyway, other than put it, but we need it. It's we're not concerned with future. It's for present. I'll open it to questions. If any from the council members. Okay. Mr. Miley. I know some of the questions that have been sent my way from residents in the subdivision Cypress gardens that are on the the backside of where the substation is going to be. It's being built in front of face to a lot of it is concerns about property values being decreased due to the substation being built there because they're considering it as an eye sore. What are some of the things that slumco is going to be able to do to mitigate some of these issues in terms of fencing and any type of screening landscaping things of that measure too. I think this one. So in addition to what we're going to call a beautification fence which is going to be a six foot tall wooden fence outside of our standard hurricane fence with the mesh. We can do we've discussed I guess landscaping agriculture and re-efficient like we have at Shergarland in addition to that. We're also be rebuilding a transmission line which runs through the property right now it's currently two two poles we call an H frame is wood and we're actually consolidating that to one pole actually less encroachment in the entire right away itself and then along with that all of these circuits we will be building more than likely the majority of them will be underground so there won't be any additional infrastructure on the other side of the road that may add to the you know the additional eye sore but we will do the best we can to keep it as concealed as possible that keeping it as effective as possible for our members. I forgot to bring that part of it up. This put in this new station room or I know it's tough we have people watching at home as well. I used to be on the safety council for over 16 years. I enjoyed that time. Okay I forgot the transmission line that parallel is the that's on the same property where we purchased the uh where I purchased the sub-sitions site. It is what we call it has three thirty six wards the water is about this size due to the load is going to require that we reconduct from what we call our new vial sub station so we're going to rebuild six miles of transmission line with chose referring to we're going to go from the old age frame we're going to go to a single pole steel and we're going to go to what we call seven nine five the wire this side to carry more voltage. That's that's how far that's how much we need the one thirty eight that serves sugarlens serves line new vial serves moot on stations is there's not we need seven nine five wire to bring additional high voltage to this station that's how much the need for this station this project is going to probably cost anywhere from 22 25 me yeah estimates are sitting around 20 to 25 me the reconducting of the transmission line and new station and so just another uh you you all had lightly touched on it with um as far as it the location um I think you kind of said that this is the most ideal spot due to the fact of where the the power corridor is located. All right. Has there been other areas that have been looked at that have could have potentially this sub station gone before the decision was made to access this spot? Number one you try to locate your station on an existing transmission line so you don't you not require to build additional which requires 120 foot right away and and new line and you ride away that takes sometimes five six years so this project came available it is on an existing transmission line and also it's a thousand feet from the corner we'll have like he said earlier underground circuits coming out and a thousand feet to the corner and they both split it's ideal you you try to get your station as close to your load as you can. We're essentially at the FB Center of the load pocket we're seeing in Youngsville in terms of the transmission having the existing transmission on the property but as well having the access to our existing distribution lines without that one you're limited to access for religious reliability purposes um but to just logistically trying to interconnect transmission line that's not near the center of wherever things that that poses its own logistical challenges so that being coupled with even just being accessed on a on a adequate roadway to get large vehicles and in the out so we can install transformers and cranes just during construction that's also the process of being taken into account when we're searching for a property. Okay. Tell them the questions. Councilman Shampa. Thank you Mayor. Good evening. What it just says on the agenda discuss a variance to the land use regulations. What land use regulations are you all requesting a variance for? I think tonight it's about the trees. I can speak a little bit to it. What for this project to move forward what it would require is a land use variance specific to the sides that really three sides that are but a residential lot that that requirement is a hundred foot green belt of which the green belt is defined as a hundred feet but also it's it's defined as having so many trees per equivalent acre well because of the nature of the project trees within that green belt would not be able to work with that size property. Furthermore as Ms. Dongell said the trees on the property would not work would not work there as well. So those are the and for residents that perhaps don't know the the way land in young zool is governed is through an ordinance that's referred to as our land use ordinance. The way it is basically set up is a house next to a house is no conflict a house next to a business may be a minimal conflict the way that you negate conflict is by space landscaping trees fencing the more just top of mind word the more obnoxious it is the greater the space requirement is as well as the the requirement of what you are allowed to do within that green belt. So Ms. Champagne on this particular parcel on the south side it's residential lots believe it's eight residential lots on the west side there's a existing residential home and on the east side there's an existing residential lot as well along with but part of it's a business because it's a strip center. Okay yeah so the the way that the eastern line is divided there's a there's a vacant line and then there's also part of the strip center. So the strip center requirement for the buffer or for the green belt isn't as large however because it's a residential lot the hundred foot so in essence it's a hundred feet on three of the four corners we didn't we didn't really look at it in terms of Savoy yeah because it's on a street but in essence I think the property is only 235 feet depth so when you start using you know I think it's maybe 545 east to west if I recall right so you start pulling in a hundred in every direction it really is limiting the usable area of that parcel. So y'all are requesting that those setback variances of a hundred feet so you still have space to put a plant with those with that reduction. On that with the mayor and Ms. Pam we met sometimes this week and there was some I think we'll be able to work it out to where our plan is to have two fences out security fence you know a cosmetic fence around the outside. I think on two sides we find if I remember on the fence on the uh where the strip mall port is because I have a hundred fifty foot transmission all of it and then the neighbor on this side we've put it much probably got 2030 feet it's just a backside. I'm limited I'll be about 10 foot from the prop that I put the first fence. Did you talked about a fence did you say a six foot fence? We can do it ever hide what weight bar that's what I can you go with a fence because it is a my security station is eight foot right. Yeah security fence eight so we'll put the uh the cosmetic fence eight or to hide at nine foot whatever's required we we open we I met what I said you know we'll come up with something y'all tell us which you don't want you need a cement post every 50 feet we wouldn't do it. One of the one of the questions that came up just so we could narrow this down into what is in your purview was really the the land use green belts or lack of. Haley just pointed out there was one other that's a major arterial your ordinance is 400 feet from Savoy should be for commercial development. The way this is described in the land use ordinances industrial so it's really it's all centered around the land use. Pam and I did meet with Mr. Anjel and Mr. Anjel we went through a few things that would be required on a plan submission such as drainage mitigation and so forth and at that time Mr. Anjel didn't feel that he would need any other variances on the on the property. We did talk about an exterior fence all new development. Any development of that nature would have to have a I think the way the wording is every 50 feet a decorative item like a brick column if you will. But let me let me say this I mean you're they're here tonight because it's a variance the variance I think suggests that you can request more things should you be inclined to improve it. You know I think one of the clear discussions is relative to you know there's a there's a strong sense of not on my backyard and I think we're going to hear from some residents tonight and I think that that's certainly understandable. I think the question before the council is really one of balancing the infrastructure with a maintaining of quality of life it's frankly it's a it's what we're doing with our water and sewer infrastructure our road infrastructure we need more of a lot of things across the board here police fire roads and everything so I think this is just you know this is along that same on that same path so it's the tree let me address the four trees that are there. Slumco did apply for a permit which would be to remove the four trees that are on this site if that permit's approved it requires a spacing equivalent number of trees to be planted I haven't done the math but I believe those four trees would probably equate to something roughly about 100 trees you know so we would have to work out at your direction you know what does that look like do we have do we have you know opportunity to have that many trees or is there a financial equivalent of what those trees would cost that could go into a you know a landscaping better a minute somewhere else you know perhaps there's areas within the you know within that neighborhood you know but I'm sure I want to get ahead of the conversation because the critical path the project's not can't be approved without the variance so that is the critical path this evening the permit on the trees is on essence on hold you know until the critical path is cleared just in summary my conversations with mr. Anjel I had a sense of confidence that they would follow the normal permitting process from the conversations that Pam and I and Haley have had with them thank you mayor yes ma'am also I see on the application because we do have an ordinance on old trees and I do see you have a report from the tree company however when and it was probably just a mistake on page 36 of your transmission type of work requested there is a a line item disease dead or dying trees that one was not checked off what was checked marked off X-dough was prevent prevents construction installation of utility lines or drainage facilities now just a report with says it does have some root right so can you talk about that a little bit yes ma'am I had an armors check them three of the trees are very hollow inside he says they want to survive the next storm the fourth treat is is probably in good shape he thought it was from one to ten probably seven it looked like it was really decent for this three of them that are really really he was able he had a pipe and he would shove it down the center the truck's only about these high on it they were maintained it's only about this high and the branches start that low so you get all this rot from the rain stuff and he says this trees three of the four are isn't very bad she it doesn't say it's disease though it just it's rot from rain our guests what about the entrances and exits will they be required to put an entrance a turn lane off it's Savo for for their trucks will be the only time that they would have more vehicles that's that's correct I'll access what what during construction there will be some large uh to deliver trying to transform everything else but once the station is complete we once twice a month you look at maybe two to three times a month two to three times a month with a pickup truck just to check meters that's it we don't frequent these stations at all there's no need to you get to realize the station it's going to be all it'll be is limestone it won't be insi man whatever but 20 by 20 foot control house that's the only structure on this site and then it will also be two transforms with steel coming in from the mission line and I didn't realize thank you for bringing that up about limestone sorry is he requesting a variance from concrete also a limestone variance the sides the trees and the sidebacks the conversation that we had the conversation we had we did discuss that we did get a commitment for a concrete apron from the from the front to the gate really until we see a drainage plan or more details I didn't we didn't really get too involved with that in the reason simply wise because there may be benefit from it being not a hard surface inside from a drainage standpoint so I just wanted to thank you for pointing that out I wanted to kind of reserve that one until we understood the project a little bit more in depth I think Pam has a comment just misamoned on the turn lane one of the things we had discussed was because a lot of that area had future road widening kind of setbacks and mr. O'Jale they did make sure that they pushed everything back should we ever want so they lined up with the commercial to where they I think it's like 67 feet back should we want to do it we did look I didn't look at it and currently there is a gas line and our waterline and the fiber optic in that area so even to be able to put a left turn lane even if we marty it it's only going to be able to be done if all of those utilities were moved or if we got we closed in the other side of the room but they are willing to they they've already set it back to where there is that reserved area and on the plat that he has it's already put on the plat for reserved for future road guys so will that reduce the setbacks even more because they haven't pushed back no no he still meets his front setback front so yes I'm talking about in the rear though if they have to start pushing the plant back so in the rear when when I was calculating which is but it's up to the neighborhood correct in the rear there or I think it's two little poles the majority of what they show this on the site plants kind of convinced to the center I was looking at what's the absolute very worst thing in the back so he has his driveway goes around it so I went all the way to the back of the driveway with the meat of the plant if you will is more than 30 or 40 feet from the back but there is the little poles that they're that they're showing that's on the other side of that driveway but not the bulk of what we see so those two little I don't know what they are I'm not a not electrical person but it's very small on the site plan and then you have the driveway and then in the center of the whole lot is where the bulk of anything they have but it all depends on where you may if we were measuring from the center they're really far but if you measure after the driveway and then those two poles that's what's 10 feet thank you that's all I have to wait now man all right thank you man that's my phone mr. Ameri oh so I'm trying to wrap my head around all this guys just have two questions first and I'll probably have more later but roughly about how long do I actually own the property or some go when did they buy it about two years two years ago okay was there any concerns what cost when I look at a map geographically and I understand what you say like you're on the line and everything at what cost roughly would you look at on a $25 million project of moving this south or even a mile to the west away from residential away from where we've invested multiple millions of dollars of infrastructure where developer has built and continues to build and also on top of that numerous business owners have invested in that area I spent a couple of months looking for a site this site hadn't come up there was a home on this site and hadn't come available for the first couple of months and I rolled up and down spent a couple of my guys also we're looking we couldn't come up with any site on the existing kind of mission so we really were staying well we might if we have to bring it further back and we got to start building transmission lines which are required which is a hundred foot across a hundred hundred twenty foot and build a transmission line and it starts taking you away from where your low center is this property can't be available we bought it we paid dearly for it but it was it was perfect so and I get that and I guess the reason I refer back to how long you've had the property because at the beginning you mentioned the rapid growth and the need it's nothing new it's been going on for 15 years here if not longer so that's why that's I was assuming maybe I'll own the property for 10-20 years we bought the property about we realized that we had to hurry we bought it two years ago and we got to realize you start a transformer delivers these types transformers two years two years so the material and everything was bought was ordered for this site when we bought the property and we still we hopefully it comes in in some yeah and I know you didn't really you kind of address it but at what cost potentially you look and like if you were to find property self or I'll say it's public record I gave a million two foot in sight okay if I have to buy three miles of transmission line oh sure okay we'll go up from 25 million we're going to spend to 75 million 50 million to be right back to three mile the transmission line at the same cost per eight yeah that doesn't include any of the modifications beyond per transmission that's just looking solely at the cost of right away acquisition and action material and I guess I'll touch on one of the thing I apologize I know I said two things if I'm not mistaken south of the complex sports complex there is I'll do have another plant energy plant okay how far away is that roughly how many miles have you had to get two miles two miles from this station well yeah essentially like I mean it was that an option to okay was that an option to upgrade that or to find property down there we also looked into that too okay to be able to do what we need to do number one and we'd have to double it in size and we can't and number two is there's five existing circuits coming out of there there's a two there's no way I could get 10 circuits out of it you're kind of limited on just on how do I'm how I'm going to bring the lines out of it out of that property on that property when this five already I've got double circuits on each side of the road one underground coming back to shred matter so it was just we looked at it had been a quick fix to get it done that or Charles looked into that for good wall it just couldn't work it's a good question or a councilman shun plan yeah yes sir but not good question and I brought another question to mind that I had because you talked about the alimax to plant right yes man had you ever thought because the alimax to plant from what I can understand is servicing 80% of russard 20% of young steel 75 25 75 25 did y'all try or consider making that plant totally dedicated to the city of youngsville and buying property someplace else toward russard because russard's growing also and dedicate to russard yeah we have two sub substations then russard area already and it's still I'd say the need and help me out on that outbreak we still have to it'll require an added sub substation and the substations themselves need to be spread out if you have two substations we already have pretty dense and substations in russard between our biotore to russard substations being pretty close already the more you can solidate these stations the less value you get and then the more burden you put on your members for having around additional lines so it really comes down to trying to make them as spatially equidistant as possible between them which I haven't looked at that I've costed it out to say dedicate alimax to completely the youngsville I think we've looked at it but just electrically it's not the most ideal situation to put sub stations that close together on our existing transmission configuration thank you and it's still required that we have another station and the yes and again this station is going to be dedicated strictly to the ton of youngsville all the circuits going to serve youngsville they're not none of them nothing's going to go towards the main power nothing all five circuits will serve the city of young I was going to get afforded the the residents I've spoken to a few and heard their concerns I feel like I kind of want to hear the feedback from them versus me regurgitating what they've explained to me you didn't say something that I kind of it just struck me just now was the you you had looked at purchasing some other properties and whatnot that were for sale the diswar were for sale didn't come up and what kind of I guess maybe remember something is that in 2016 when we had the flood youngsville and the greater beyond in the KDN region this community and this city specifically the mayor and Pam took an initiative to focus drainage 24-7-365 since that day right correct me if I'm wrong but I can't recall if any of the properties that we acquired were for sale the mayor went and hand knocked door to door and met with these residents day in and day out and asked about their properties that we could turn them into retention ponds to tension ponds that we could make that a better drainage success for youngsville I mean I get that they're not for sale but I mean the area that you're you're discussing for a substation I mean did you just I mean what was your we got the right of expropriation if I take that a piece of property is where it has to be and I can't buy we've expropriated the fast you know I mean I'm out of said for sale this was I was lucky it came up with sale so it was simple I didn't have to worry about expropriation anything else but numerous occasions we've had to expropriate and that takes three or four years but we've done but it was just it wasn't access to a road access you got to understand that I've got to get all these circuits off I don't know I understand that portion I guess I'm just trying to understand I mean we look at you know we look at future planning for this this community we're not looking at it for next year and five years and ten years we're looking at 20 30 50 years down the road so what point did you realize this should have been built when that whole development is about to be built out because now because now I mean it feel that to me it feels like we're trying to handcuff us or the residents to basically give you a win but I mean now that they've sent your whole life and sucking in this community now you're now you want to put a substation there right but but on their behalf they've been they've already invested their dollars but two years ago when you bought the property why didn't this come up with discussion then because now we're two years later and now it feels like it's like you got to do it today I don't I don't have an answer for them that's why I want to hear from them really because I don't I can't I don't have an answer it makes no sense I'm not quite sure I'm just you bought the property two years ago right okay yep so you knew that that was going to be a problem when you're both a substation there what was going to be a problem what what you're bringing forth today I we didn't realize it'd be a problem today the truth when I bought it two years ago there wasn't anything behind it it was a station it was there wasn't a neighborhood right there no no I'm talking about the phase I mean the the phase in development was already implanting two years ago that that was that that had already been in the I'm not trying to create a rye what I'm just pointing out is that I feel like we work really well in a hand in a business and I feel like we're trying to do today except I'm just having a hard time swallowing that you had you you had the property for two years let's say you because some code of the property for two years there hasn't been a lot of doubt the same dialogue has been regurgitated back and forth for two years about this exact problem but now I feel like it's trying to be handcuffed to desk to make a decision on it but these problems aren't going to just affect me they're going to affect all the residents living in there look we need power they all know we need power they're all in a green so that the problem is that where it's going is going to advance it's an eye sore a six foot fence is going to hide a 40 foot erection in the sky you know I'm just calling for what it is and I the variance in itself is something to discuss but the that's that that's this you know that's the elephant the room that we're trying to address so there's a lot of them that want to speak and I kind of want to hear them but I'll yield I think it's important because you're here that I think to hear from the residents in the area because yeah we're here to talk about three potentially three variances if you didn't have these variances you would be able to move forward with the project but the the thing is with our ordinances there are variances but it creates the opportunity for our residents to be able to talk about why not eye sore but we go back to quality of life we have preached quality of life since we've all been in office and if we're going to protect quality of life we have to look out for the residents in situations like this that's why I think it is important they speak I'd also like to yield the floor now all right thank you in any objection to to hearing residents I mean there's not a motion but okay all right gentlemen it may be you'll want to sit here to that we all have access to microphone if needed or thank you is there anyone that would wish to speak to the council this evening yes sir please come forward and if when you come if you want mine given us maybe your your name just we can have a further recommendation the resident of the neighborhood that's not directly behind but on the side um Cypress Gardens phase one uh been here since I think 2016 and left for a little while and then even came back to this neighborhood it's because I loved it I loved the quality I loved what y'all were all doing as far as you know building a community um and now you know I mean we all know that this is an eye sore we're all worried about our property values and we all worry about all that's you know the the effects of this and we all understand it you know the epicenter and I'm just using his words is a mile away so the epicenter is not where we are the epicenter is a mile away that they're servicing so they don't need it for us as a community they're not saying hey we need to power Cypress Gardens we need to power something a mile away but we're going to put it on your front of your yard in front of your property by your kids you know and I get it I mean you need it it's it's something we all need electricity I do not want to live in this community without electricity because it's hot sometimes I'm just being serious I don't see how this is going they they have a sugar cane field right behind it they have a sugar cane field in front of it they have a school and a drainage ditch on that same line back in front this is a community eye sore you're going to have baseball games and before they get to the baseball game from there are the community you're going to see a substation you're going to see this is how the community represents it's going to have a substation by your your baseball and by your kids and as they go by they see the substation and you put the ordinance in place to protect the community from these kind of things but you want to bend the rules because there's a need board and that seems like that's counterproductive you put it in there to protect us but you've been in the rules because there's a need that's all I got to say thank you mr Leonard anyone else yes sir hello my name is George Taylor and I just bought the first house in the second phase of Cypress Gardens we moved here from Knoxville Tennessee looked around Brussard Lafayette looked all over and decided to move the Youngsville ended up looking at Cypress Gardens and that second phase I found out today that this substation is going in directly in line with my my new house where I intend to spend my retirement or rest of my going to live and as the other gentleman just said there seems to be other other avenues other places nearby Struvichainfields or whatever I also wonder about the impact on the commercial there's there's commercial stuff right there on on Savoy Road and at some point in time it may be necessary to widen Savoy Road has anyone looked at the impact of this substation on widening that road we are less than a mile away from Lafayette Parish there seems to be land further down at that junction I don't understand just because some land became available now is the ideal place and they have to do it here so as the first resident of this new section I'm kind of speaking for all the people that are going to come behind me I don't know if they still be willing to fill up that section with this humongous substation right there right on front of them right on Savoy Road which is turning into a major thoroughfare to round about there I'm really impressed with how Youngsville has handled this growth like I said coming from Knoxville a largest a larger city obviously but they don't they haven't seen the plan as well as you have since I guess 2016 and Savoy Road leading to the sports complex is a major it's going to be a major thoroughfare it's a major thoroughfare to Lafayette now to Verrat School from what I see just in a month of being here and I don't see why if there and there seems to be industrial activity north of Savoy Road there should be other opportunities and maybe it needs to be looked at a little that's all I have to say thank you and I sorry I meet you today for the first time Mr. Anzalone the developer did we did speak today specifically about you sir so welcome welcome to Youngsville all right Bradley Court I am the owner of one-on-one Cedarview Lane it is the property that is kitty corner I think he said every direction but maybe kitty corner I took a tape measure today I'm probably about a hundred hundred feet from where my property ends to where that property starts I've got some real concerns with safety electrical hazards fire hazards explosions with substations noise pollution there's humming of these devices that can be problematic the lighting I believe that there has to be lighting of substations that close to residential properties my whole courtyard my whole house faces that direction we love those beautiful oak trees by the way EMF right we deal with that we decided by the house 10 years ago we like the gentleman before me we're not native to Louisiana I'm from the Midwest feel a little underdressed wearing my all my modern shirt here in front of all of you but 10 years ago we bought this house right knowing looking at the growth looking at the flexibility looking at the expansion we loved what we see and we love what we have seen over the last 10 years environmental risks oil leaks spills soil contaminations water contaminations that's a that's a problem for us you've all have mentioned it before property value right you can do the research right my house is a hundred and fifty feet from this thing right you don't think my property value is going to go down I don't have a choice right I own this house I've lived there for 10 years I don't think any of you would appreciate a substation being even considered to be built 200 feet from your house right there's a reason why we have land regulations right there's a reason to protect the people to protect the residential communities right I think it's I think it's pretty black and white my other concerns as he mentioned today higher voltage right I don't know if you all caught that when he was speaking but he wants to use bigger wire bigger wire probably more exposure right I agree with you all six foot fence not going to do it right these things that I've seen I've driven around the young spill I've seen them I've looked at them they're all 20 feet 30 feet high okay I like we should have a choice it should not be next to or even consider next to an established residential community it seems like there's opportunities elsewhere that have not been fully due diligence and and look that and it was just almost like a decision was already made up in in in some of their minds so thank you for listening thank you mr. Court hi thank you good evening thank you for being here I'm a electrical engineer masters degree I've worked for utilities for over 25 years I'm sorry your name sir Rick court kohrt this seems to be something being done for slumco's convenience they saw an opportunity to purchase a plot of land residential land at a very nice price well done but it doesn't serve the needs of the community early engagement in community is what can make this a successful project but building it here there are probably hundreds of other options for meeting the redundancy requirements that you desire other than placing a substation is an inter residential neighborhood the statistics are a substation like this visible close to residential property will reduce the value of that property by 44.7 percent if the same substation is located in a commercial area or an industrial area it's seen as an advantage for that area because it's known it does improve reliability but there are many ways that you could reduce response time for outages create redundant loops other than locating this substation this location I'm disappointed you haven't brought at least a one-line diagram with your circuits to show the council and the residents to explain in more detail why this is the ideal location other than the fact that you bought it at a convenience for yourself and it is too small for what you want to do unfortunately to meet the requirements of the city and a small advice for the council you shouldn't be asking them what they are willing to do you need to be demanding what will meet your requirements to retain the property value of people who have already made an investment here and will be looking to make future investments here it's the job of the council to protect the residents it's your most important responsibility to exercise and enforce the variances not make allowances for companies to make a profit at their convenience thank you thank you mr. Port good afternoon or evening now sorry my name is Reed Smith and I'm here for in a couple of capacities I am a resident of Cypress Gardens 11403 Cedar Lake Drive which is on the pond and we enjoy a great deal the other piece of my puzzle is I'm a realtor I'm actually a broker and I've been doing that for 13 years and and let me give you in case you don't know let me tell you how property values work property values are determined by what you're willing to pay for the consumer pretty simple here's what happens when you put a substation next to an existing subdivision it doesn't affect this gentleman's property that's a hundred feet away from it only because what happens when he goes to sell his house he now gets less price per square foot for his home well that affects every house in the neighborhood phase one phase two there won't be any phases after if this goes up I guarantee you that but that's what happens to property value so it does impact all of us in there listen to these guys today the slimcoe wraps I'm even more concerned than I was when I got here they're taking a reactionary approach to doing what they should have done 15 years ago what's gonna I don't know did the 1600 rooftop expansion did that get approved is that coming it's it's uh it's just conceptual well I would get them involved now because you can't do it like the way they want to do it it makes no sense they're trying to save their money at my expense my property value goes down my my house and I'm not bragging my house was over 500 thousand dollars and now you're gonna tell me it's gonna decrease by 100 to 200 thousand in value you gotta be kidding me Brian McLean's here today he's a preeminent home builder developer ask him how many times he's looked for land that had a subdivision on it so he could build a subdivision I'm sorry a substation never done that not gone there's a reason I think you shouldn't grant the variance they should have been asking for more space to add more buffer zone around this thing not less it goes against what y'all have done what young's will stands for how great our community is you're trying to tear it up this will not help us Savoy Road and I appreciate everything y'all have tried to do that poor road they put a foot of asphalt on both sides of it and it's already crumbling anyway that is not a main thoroughfare that's not a good place for this the whole structure of this thing there's already high voltage lines that run through there so now you want to add a substation the perception of the general public is those things are dangerous I'm not electrical engineer I don't know if they are they're not but that's a perception so people don't want to live near them that's just the facts so I am asking y'all to not grant this variance and let them figure out a better way to do this without costing us money thank you thank you mr smith hello everybody my name is Brian my name is Brian McElroy I'll live at 313 Cypress bridge view drive and Cypress garden subdivision first I would like to thank city council for allowing us to come here tonight and voice our opposition to this land use of variance secondly I believe that there is sufficient opposition to the proposed substation from residents present tonight and from residents who were not able to be here tonight for the location of the proposed substation to be reconsidered my wife and I bought a house in Cypress garden just three years ago we spent about a year prior to that purchase trying to determine where we wanted to live we looked at many different neighborhoods before deciding on Cypress gardens the aesthetics of the neighborhood and the property values were high on our list I doubt that our assessment would be the same had the proposed substation be on that property when we bought our home the fact in fact we would have questioned the reasoning behind placing a substation directly in front of any neighborhood and what effect it would have on property values gentlemen just before me spoke about property values I think it's pretty clear it's going to affect them I believe we can all agree that an electrical substation placed near the entrance to any neighborhood would not have a positive effect on either aesthetics or property values I can't imagine anyone driving past the proposed substation saying wow look at that beautiful substation I want to buy a house next to it now I doubt that slim co would be proposing a new substation if there wasn't a need for one that's not what we're debating a new substation would probably benefit the greater Young's Village community like the slim co representatives laid out for us we're not questioning that what we are questioning and opposing is the placement of the substation directly in front of Cypress Gardens what's before the council tonight is the beauty of our community this slim co proposal is not in line with Young's Village motto where life is sweeter it's not like we're here tonight questioning the placement of a small retention pond and public park with beautiful oak trees which would be equally beneficial to the community we're questioning the placement of an ugly electrical substation slim co can dress it up in a number of ways but it will still be an ugly industrial complex located in front of a residential community we believe a better location can be found for the proposed substation that is not so obtrusive and at the same time possibly save those beautiful oak trees on the property I ask that the city council not approve the land use variance to place an electrical substation that provoke at the proposed location and considering your vote I'll leave you with these questions if the proposed location was directly on church street in downtown Young'sville would you approve it if the proposed location was at the entrance at the entrance to Sugar Mill pond would you approve it and lastly would you want the proposed substation to be built directly in front of your neighborhood please don't approve the slim co land use variance thank you for your consideration thank you miss macaroid hello my name is cally daniel i've lived in cypress gardens for the past 10 years after just hearing about this slim co substation just on monday we've kind of had a discussion on our Facebook page about it and the opposition was extremely high just two hours ago i came up with a brilliant idea to get a petition in two hours just two hours where i said hey i'm putting a petition in my mailbox if anybody would like to come and oppose this i do have the the key concerns on there but most of them have been said already so i'm not going to waste your time on that but i do want to let you know within two hours from three to three thirty to five thirty i have three pages of signatures i have text that i can show you and and messages through Facebook of people that said they wish they could have come and signed it so i have it so whatever these three pages of signatures just from the people in our neighborhood just know i can show you all the text if you can give me 48 hours i'm pretty sure i can get almost at least four to five more pages to get everybody involved i just had two hours so i just want you to know the opposition is extremely high thank you miss daniel hi i'm catherine crutchview live at one oh five cypress view drive in phase one of cypress gardens thank you mayor and consul far along us to discuss the proposed substation while there is definitely a need for another substation to better serve all of our neighbors with the best service possible we don't think two subdivisions are ideal i'd like to thank slimcomb but having a representative talk to us and ask our questions about the proposed structure when we met they stated the need for another substation similar to the one on almondaster like you said that substation supplies 80% power generated to brusso and the remaining 20% to young's bill they stated the new plant would be similar to the one on albinaster and have a wooden fence completely surrounding it and some trees and would not be able to see it the oak trees on the property now would be taken down because they are supposedly diseased during the building process there would be two entrances on survive but after completion the only entrance would be in the back of the neighbor the neighboring house used for maintenance only we also asked about health concerns due to elevated exposure to electric magnetic fields close proximity to high voltage causing increased risk such as chances of childhood leukemia headaches or sleep deprivation from humming noises they said the noise level is non-existing the electricity level would be no more than you have in your house now and there would be night security lighting but said it wouldn't bother the neighbor another concern to all residents is how it would affect our property value since it would be an eye sore so close to businesses and homes the only advantage would be we would probably have power restored quickly after an outage again we are not questioning the need for another substation but we don't feel like between two subdivisions is the place they said it needs to be on transmission line and they would update that line also to adjust the increase of power that transmission line goes past Savon Deacon and Yee-ah they want to stay in the Youngsville City limits and don't want to build on a flood plane and have to do work to build up the property last year we attended a council meeting and another master plan community was discussed this would be on shaman mattery to date the taunt to deacon this proposed substation would need to be in place to be ready when construction would start on this project according to the slim co-representatives of course the substation would not be visible to that neighborhood but only to our but then you know have any problem building it on our neighborhood we'd like to have the city council table the approval of the substation to allow slim co-to purchase property in a more appropriate location as well as have some type of ordinance or zoning law to prevent any of the subdivisions to go through this again we appreciate the public notice that this was going to be on tonight's agenda i'd also like to thank all the council members for addressing our concerns within an hour of reaching out to all of y'all that in today's political climate as a constituent we were pleasantly surprised at their quick response and ready to concern and ready to listen to our concerns thank you thank you mr. crutchville you good afternoon my name is rickie murphy i'm a resident cypress bill subdivision thank you mayor and council for having us here and and hearing us out in our bills at thoughts of this substation i'm very disappointed in slim co for them to even think i'm their customer i get my electricity from them and them not to have more feelings on putting a substation right there in front of our neighborhood the safety of our children our families are property value you know they got a big power line it's a an h-frame power line it goes through phase two and i know from there you've got plenty of kingfield that they can put a substation but it's expensive for us the residents they chose to buy this property and that property i've lived there i didn't even know some sale so i don't know if they went knocked on the door and so listen to them to sell the property i'm not saying they didn't or they didn't but it seems to me that with that beautiful piece of property that so much would have bought that property and it's what it is they own it now but them to think that we don't need electricity we all need electricity to survive but for them to to intrude on our neighborhood and put an eye so in the and the dangers of our health in our children i just hope and pray that you're considered that the landowners and the homeowners and our children's safety that you will not pass us in back parents for our sake thank you so much for having us thank you mr. Murphy anyone else like to address the city council this evening relative to this topic you're welcome to maybe address any of those questions are not questions rather concerns if you'd like or i'd open it back up to the council mr. nightland um i have questions for uh slumco that i thought of while everybody was talking so one of the i guess things that was alarming for me um when this was first proposed was the uh the word critical critical failure um working in the hospital industry when i get a critical result back on one of my patients i know that if we don't address it quickly then you know the patient's nearing death in this instance when you say critical what does critical mean in terms of power grid failure how long do our slumco customers have in the current operating capacity and if or when you have to go and find new property to build what is the delay on that what is the what is the impact on the entire city um so help us understand when you say critical how critical is critical it's the ability to serve new load it's the ability to continue allowing expansion for the city of youngsville as every new commercial development comes up subdivision it adds to the constraint of the capacity of our system and we're near approaching a bottleneck we're not there yet but it's coming with the amount of growth that we're seeing that y'all have done a great job with it's and if it's going to continue on the rate that things have been growing it's very critical and we're just trying to provide the best reliability and service for our members and ensure it in the most cost effective means for our members because we are a nonprofit we are regulated by the public service commission we're not trying to do it to cut costs or corn but we're trying to make it to where our members are served in the best way possible and that's the city of youngsville and so it's pretty critical to us you had mentioned a term earlier when councilman lendi was questioning on you know why have it y'all going and knocked on doors or anything there was a specific term that y'all use whenever needing to acquire land to do what you need to do you said something like that takes three to four years is there an ability to expedite that one and then two is there anything that we as a city can do to assist in that if we are at this critical juncture where we need to be able to help assist in acquiring land to move this substation to then be able to service all of our community but not putting a substation in front of a neighborhood how do we go about approaching that so you're referring to expropriation correct yes well I'm sure you've everybody has heard about expropriation and the carbon capture and how they fight in that legislation everything and I'm afraid that if whenever a slim call or any other energy my good friend mr. swallow right here we're watching that pretty close because there's a big push to I mean it's going to be they fight net pipelines and appropriation everything legislation right now but that normally takes number one to try to find a new site number two if it'll probably require additional transmission line so I got to acquire right away from that the chances are it being one two three or four courses of the ground in young's real today is very minimal try to get a line off of the existing one thirty to another location with the existing substations houses as we looked at it it's just not practical it's almost impossible it really would be hard to be able and you just can't take this a transition line of that type in turn when you when you have an angle in this he can help me on that if I got to start when I turn a transition line they're going and stuff every cross probably an additional half acre right away so I got to have a room for these long guys and everything else it just it's a major major undertaking and if you got to stop and start appropriation an expropriation suit probably takes fast track two years so I am telling you if we cannot construct this substation where is the date we probably five six years ago before we get accomplished on you site and then start construction chances are we're going to take the material that we're going to use on this station and Scott is in very much of it we are planning a substation in Scott yet so we'll probably move all this stuff transform it takes us two years to get a transform we've been waiting over two years now about two years and still the they push it back four months four months so if if we start on this with this particular site and we're going to take we're going to move to Scott we would have to regroup and we entirely that this would push the substation down another five or six so we're going to use that material and we'll go to Scott and build a station there thanks um amputats with that but at the same time when I have the conversations with our mayor and two years ago there's a meeting and things are discussed and then even two months ago items are discussed and I bring that up with your representative who's not here and all I get back is a little small packet which already had of information but none of my answers were given nor the mayors and I'm not speaking for him but from what he had told me quality of life is the most important thing that we have in young's bill I can't speak for the energy plant or for the prior plant that y'all have I know it was well over several decades ago those were built but since I know I've been in office and others it is very important aesthetically pleasing to the people who reside there people who have future building there and not only that but also our commercial development which we have done a phenomenal job growing over the last several years especially this hinders a lot of that yes we need the electricity but at what cost personally I'm going to go ahead and say I'm a motion to decline all variances that are presented to us at this time all second it's back open for public it's open for public discussion or council comment of prior to any council action yes sir mr. Court yeah come on up you're both welcome what I call an energy expert with 20 plus years of experience yeah thank you for the opportunity I have to agree with you since COVID procurement of electrical components has had an extremely long lead time particularly with transformers breakers switch gear things that we'll be going into the subdivision or substation what I kind of can't believe is that somebody would go and procure these items without first obtaining the variance that would be required to install it in this location it seems putting the horse before the cart so it's for you you imply to these people though that if if you don't approve this it'll be another two years before you'll be able to deal with the problem no so it's one if I start if I start looking for another site because I spent three to four five months six looking for a site before this site came up if I start and you know that if I start tomorrow trying to find another site it's going to be hard it's going to be very very hard to find six five or six acres for a subsidy but it's not going to be able to get all the basic responsibility to look for other alternative solutions I applaud you for doing so but it's not their job this is this is you're right your responsibility and you know how best to do this and it's going to be more expensive and commercial and just going to take some time but when you mention that you're doing this for reliability and you talk about lightning strikes are gentle are friends from energy may may weigh in on this as well the greatest safeguard is probably static lines and grounding of your towers which unless you're keeping up with that is probably the largest contribute so maybe we can discuss it another viability that all I wanted to say thank you mr. cord y'all opened it back up so I'm going to say something again do I need to tell my name again or no we're good okay all right thank you I'm going to go back to where we started this man started with a prayer gong rule do unto others as you would have them do unto you if you think this is how you should treat us or how you would want to be treated and I'm not talking about a business because a business does not have a vote in this he does not have one vote the community has a vote for your citizens the citizens or what make young still businesses don't make young spill we have a need for water we have a need for power we have a need for a lot of things but together with the citizens we can make it happen we have reluters back there if they need help we can try to find them a place but without the citizens this is not a community thank you thank you sir it appears in list of the representation slimco they're making their problem our problem and I don't think that's fair I think that their non proactive approach to this he's been sitting on this for a couple years didn't really say too much about it and now it's critical is ridiculous it borders on incompetent I don't understand how this company operates I do not understand while they're putting us in a box where you guys have a hard decision because he's talking for six years away but it's critical today I call BS on that not by I don't think we should pay for it it's not what young is about to please please please do not grant this variance thank you I have a couple of questions I guess just pertaining to I met with the resident yesterday that's a slimco customer he said he's experienced 32 to 40 hours in generator power over the last calendar year I mean what would would just slimco customers I mean is there any is there any concern imminent concern we should have for slimco customers I mean maybe outside of this immediate area that first I heard from the sky yesterday he told me that he was excited you were built on a substation if we continue at this rate of growth we have development pipeline in today of of approved neighborhoods that are in your service area I mean I guess this is something we'll have to regroup on because the developers are going directly to you to get the development approved and we have probably a four-year development pipeline in place right now so it just gives me a little bit of concern about you know where that where that leaves so so I need for a station he said because we kind of maxed out the rest of the growth area the property available is all slimco services so anything new coming on that end where this property available will be slimco services so we'll be required to serve anything coming up all right thank you any further questions from the council or members of the public all right so that just to be clear this is a this is a question this was a denial of the variances so call for the vote a yes vote would be two denied the variance two denied correct miss champine yes mr. an island yes mr. Romero yes mr. Volgiano yes miss Paris yes variance denied gentlemen I just want to I wanted to say something uh the job that you both have by coming here tonight is not easy this decision is far beyond the both of you this is in personal illnesses uh your your your piece of a team that makes these things happen um and which I'm uh employ you for I don't I don't I don't know that your job isn't easy uh I just think that this is something that probably why I know this this has been communicated for several years maybe not with the both of you involved this has been involved with people higher up and and a part of the team and uh I'm hoping we can try to hopefully come together and figure something out in the near future I know we're in a darn need nothing your explanation for that was was very evident but I think the placement she's not going to happen for us so looking forward to hear from you guys soon thank you all right thank you lindy already gin at him 6.2 there's a variance request for a rear setback for a permanent shed located at 117 greenhouse road and Charlie's crossing a council there was two particular issues with this with this variance one was the building code of the fire proofing of the proximity to the neighboring house the the the developer on behalf of the owner has agreed to do the fire proofing that's necessary for it to pass building code that's that in itself simply doesn't clear the the setback variance though the setback variance is something that was uh is a is a would be a variance to the ordinance not necessarily the the building code we don't have the ability to wave any building code the building code satisfied what's not satisfied is the rear setback developers here and I'm happy to answer any questions for it as well misschamping thank you mayor uh what is going to be behind this this shed is there a home that's going to be they are see some concrete yes ma'am so so what you're looking at I think the the the purview that picture is uh that's a mailbox area so the picture is taken from the if you're looking at the picture of the shed itself the picture is taken from the road and it's it's in front of a parking area that I believe is mailboxes perhaps so and then behind the mailboxes for the community is the rear yard of the particular house the front of the front of that particular house where the shed is would be to your left of that of that photo view so so it's not really going to inhibit the house behind it with the with the setback variance no you know like drainage was uh there is well that's of course why the drainages are the setbacks are in place you know but uh you know you know and in the aggregate if everyone would do it um that's that's not been the that's not been my experience in driving through that neighborhood currently mr. amera um it's the home that this is going to be next to mr. McLean is that home occupied already or sure yeah i just good your year i figured this yeah uh uh uh council brine claims that they'll put Charlie's crosses uh of course it for sale it's we're building it it's for sale okay well i saw that yellow out i had seen it wasn't painted it had been painted yet yeah yeah and you're feeling on this i mean obviously it's you on the property just an odd lot it's a custom home for a lady uh we didn't uh sign up to do a shed we signed up to build a house we met all the setback requirements on the home sure she wanted a shed um my boys who helped me run the company now went ahead and put the shed and you know inside of the 10 foot setback we were only familiar with the three foot accessory setback in Lafayette um russard so it was like it was they didn't think anything of it they set it three feet off and the particular house that we're building there that is a far-proof wall okay um because it sits on a zero lot line it's really an odd lot because you come straight in off of highway 92 and then you turn left you know she's this is the last house on the left on the main street coming in the Charlie's crossing and then there's the mailboxes in additional parking there on the corner so it's really not on the corner the corner is the the common space for mailboxes and then you turn and there's additional houses that go back uh and it makes another turn so um so this house then back up to any open space it actually backs up to a side of a home but that side was far-proofed and we really have three foot distance between the houses because we we got an initial variance when we built the subdivision from the city for zero and six because we had done this in some of the other areas of Lafayette and that were real successful bringing some smaller homes into town so we just kind of have a little bit of egg on our face because we didn't realize it wasn't three feet it was 10 and this lady's been one of the nicest clients we've ever had and I'm trying to so we're agreeing on our nickel to far-proof the shed so it meets all building codes and requesting a variance so that we can leave her shed right where it is because if she has to pull it up next to her house it'll be right in her back porch it'll just it'll be terrible for her uh right now it's uh sitting in a pretty good spot and it's a movable shed I mean it is it's not all that it wants kids yeah that's what all we dropped it uh it's like it's the concrete slab that really made it uh yeah the variance is a very slight yeah that's correct yeah issue aware like if there's issues obviously it has to be slide would I be up or on the other calls yes okay and I'm assuming when I drove through there I did I think I saw a couple other buildings and backyards that you probably aren't aware of that have been or maybe are they people do they put a man without reaching out to the city and stuff yeah especially when your buildings are quickly in neighborhood yes okay thanks appreciate thank you councilman shampoen I'm good mayor okay thank you councilman nylon oh my motion to approve all right it's a motion to approve by council member nylon is there a second all right second by council member Romero any council discussion any public comment relative to the setback variance at 117 greenhouse okay there's no public comment miss leatherwood please call the vote for issuance of the variance miss virus yes mr. bullsiano yes mr. Romero yes mr. nylon yes miss shampoen yes motion approved okay yes well and will I think whatever yeah hailing I will yeah all right thank you miss mcclennie appreciate all you the you do force okay to gen item 7.1 resolution 202612 a resolution I'm ending the 2025 2026 1981 sales tax fund budget took except a $50,000 award an opioid abatement funds and to allocate said funds to a mobile camera surveillance trailer and further authorize the mayor to execute any and all agreements associated with this grant project motion by council member bullsiano and second by council member barres is there any council discussion chief would you like to comment on this brand is coming from the laughing consolidated government which in federal funds they required um they offered it to us to help with the opioid problem throughout the different communities in the city and I've looked at a lot of the chiefs got together we figured out a lot of us were purchasing camera trailers for to deploy to areas that we have problems in using this fund and if I if I remember correct chief this is this is a camera trailer that we that we tested or used at the marty reparative office correct yes or perfect yep and they worked out well they have it comes with three or four different cameras on the top of it to deploy and they can zoom in up to a half mile to look at different objects and they're mobile and they're solar powered so they can last up till a month in one location perfect all right see uh do you have a question you know i guess the board is not clear are any pop oh yes let's see um this one second please okay mr. nine are we using this full time as this only for events is it just get dropped off it just could get deployed random times if we have problems okay all right any other council comment public comment are there some motion and second to accept miss leatherway miss champon yes mr. nylon yes mr. remaro yes mr. boljano yes misbara yes motion approved right one ordinance for introduction tonight that's a genitim 8.1 is ordinance 5.11 2026 in ordinance of the city of young zoolo Louisiana many the code of ordinances chapter 1 30 land use regulations to establish procedures for commercial development variances is council member remaro motion to approve all right thank you sir in a second by council member boljano is there any council comment mr. remaro yes yeah uh just for everybody i'm sure y'all we've talked or Nicole has this not here but this is part of the discussion that we've had over the years where notification from the city to expand the footprint it's i think it is starting in a smaller step so we're not by no too much but i like the way that she worded it we're going to be able to notify people cost street adequate and kind of stuff that way it's not just direct impacted uh residents much like tonight where multiple residents even across street were notified so good example of that yard illness thanks for uh for your help with it and the ideas it's all Nicole all right any other comment any public comment relative to the introduction all right uh miss uh hailey please call the vote miss barrett yes mr. boljano mr. remaro yes mr. n'eiland yes miss champiom yes we'll bring this uh this ordinance back at the may meeting so if anyone has any additional feedback on it i'm happy to work with you in the meantime all right uh pam we have any updates do you like to share with the public and doubtful huh and then we'll we'll invite Susan up and then uh we'll ask Tim to go through his report please all right okay um so fortune road we're about 95% complete with the fortune road round about so we are um we are adding a apron for the big trucks so they can uh stop rolling over the curb and so you'll see that's going on right now there is a temporary sign telling big trucks to go around the roundabout just so that they don't um hurt anyone uh phase one a on highway 89 is 85 percent complete we're waiting for an asphalt uh crew to be able to do the last portion of the asphalt on that southern part in front of sable palms that's the last portion on phase one a to be asphalt and then we have just a couple of islands some of our splitter islands left to pour and then phase one a will be done phase one b that's the portion from heart to form north 10 bastard cavalry that's about 30 percent complete um we are waiting on Cox communication to move align again uh to get out of our way and then phase two which would be going south from uh sable palms coming south to approximately the grip and road area is about 60 percent complete with plans we're currently working on cost uh because it will be seymour as well working and negotiating costs with the contractor press got roundabout um i have 90 percent plans um available to share with the mayor for the press got roundabout um the contractor has not started shimee agriab yet their focus has been on the left turn lanes i'm sure many of you have seen on highway 92 where roughly about 35 to 40 percent complete with regards to that project um we are 90 percent designed on a left turn lane to school street off of highway 92 um we have a set of plans and specs i need to go over with the mayor so we can advertise for bid for striping throughout the city and for laribia road we met yesterday they are about 50 percent complete on that project highway 89 sidewalk we're still in the cooperative endeavor agreement phase for that grant and then we also submitted a grant for payment preservation on highway 89 south of church street to um shimeeh mettery so we'll know in a couple of months if we've gotten our payment preservation any questions for pan relative to those projects we are working to since darks here i've he and i had a conversation this week we are working on uh lighting on some sort of lighting plan for uh the young so highway insurance i do have all those ready i need to give you this okay perfect i have all the photo metrics ready so yeah so we can kind of complete that complete that insurance that um just to give you a preview that what is a median today is actually going to be concrete it's going to be an island so we just have to make a decision on whether or not we're putting lights in the middle or uh or not so um if we do move ahead with lights in the middle we'll just go ahead and run the conduit and then um you know i've have it ready so getting very close on all of that there's as you can all as you can all see so all right thank you uh well susans coming up i'll share with you we are scheduling a kickoff meeting all the grant paperwork's finally been shuffled for uh the kickoff meeting for the uh laribiaire and uh 92 roundabout project um like as y'all know that's 80% funded by a grant that we receive the 20% match as a cooperative project between us and the city of brusard um their council i believe next week's going to be passing some paperwork just as a cooperative endeavor so that way they can share within that match uh so real excited to finally get that that project at least into the design so i know that all the grant paperwork's been settled so susan thank you thank you uh for the wastewater treatment plant they have uh formed up the foundation of the headworks um they're going to be preparing for the foundation of the sequencing batch reactors over the next month uh the water plants complete we are now advertising uh to open bids on that the addition of the fourth filter and that happens on May 6th a shigamil pond we're progressing on those plans for the pump station upgrade the force main uh pump station five we're just awaiting funding and then the upgrades of pump stations one eight and seventeen pump station one that impalers the new impalers have been ordered um i think that's going to take two three months to get those in pump stations eight and seventeen have been submitted for um health department power meeting thanks susan just just emphasize one thing that she said um the uh well one thing that you don't know i don't believe unless i'll like shared with you the twelve inch cut-in valve was being installed today's my appreciation so that that cut-in valve uh is necessary that's how we're making taking our next expansion so we'll be bringing in what i estimate to be about six hundred homes into the youngsville water system that'll be sugar rich uh guillot uh grove and um moshery and i think maybe nest bk i think um but so that maybe it may have already happened um but it's in the process of happening now and then just emphasize one thing that susan said uh at the next meeting you'll be we'll have a recommendation to award the low bid for an additional filter out our new water plant so i know we just opened it but we are already within we're already expanding it so um that will be coming to you at the main meeting so all right thanks susan appreciate it Tim what um why i see t-ball and saltball and baseball open and day will be this Saturday it will be at eight a.m. on supreme rice field to kick off our season uh dope beach league continues on to use the wins the in thursday nights uh south side soccer has finished their spring league and south side adult spring league has two more weekends uh f and a flag football has started their practices uh two d baseball will be pretty much predominantly on the weekends now in all eleven uh ball fields our basketball camps and tournaments at the rec center beginning and some of south side soccer uh soccer camps uh lvl training the Louisiana volleyball training continues and their beach high school league will be starting soon uh the conference us a collegiate women's beach tournament will be on april 23rd through the 25th and this is the one that will be televised on the espn um our ys c easteric stravaganza which was produced by our savior's church took places past saturday uh with over four thousand attending with over fifty thousand eggs uh the as they mentioned earlier the hamburger and hot dog festival is this sunday at the amphitheater uh the young's little lines club fado dough festival will be coming up also at the amphitheater on saturday april eighteen and then there'll be a litter pickup day on saturday april eighteen that will be i think at eight a.m. at the ys c beach cabana and i know haley will mention the former's market too foster port yeah well haley i'll yield to you to do my updates well farmers market as timm said is this saturday at foster park so please come on out support our vendors shop local uh the chamber banquet is on the 21st of this month so uh if you haven't got your ticket and you want to come we've got our taste of young'sville showcase uh that's going to be taking place there so uh lots of our local restaurants will be featuring an item and you'll be able to vote uh for your favorite taste uh also rotary club has a scholarship opportunity that is open so for any high school student or anyone uh doing continuing education of any sort uh please go to uh rotary club of young'sville and apply um and last but not least i just wanted to say congratulations leadership class seven had their introductory social last night so they will be presented at the leadership banquet um i mean at the chamber banquet on the 21st so all right uh any questions for for me or our administration all right any other comments from council members this evening mr bull jano uh let's see excuse me i'm sorry make i didn't see you first uh i got uh two things um this weekend on sunday we have healthy kids running series kicking off at foster park um that's going to be for the next five weekends and one of our sponsors does have um some registrations that they're trying to donate to uh any kids um that are you know that have the need maybe financially they they can't afford it so if you know of any kids that would be interested in being able to participate please reach out to me so that i can get one of these registrations to them um and then secondly this is just um i've gotten tons of questions on this and i need to be able to provide some answers to our residents but um chief y'all made a post through the facebook page about these e-bikes and um personally i didn't find it very clear as to what the different types of e-bikes are there's apparently several different types of classes but um i know that we have a local person i don't know what was going on with the e-bike but they did suffer a brain bleed and i working in health care i know that these are going to continue to happen until we address um these types of things falsar park is turning into a raceway um my subdivision that backs up to falsar park around the ponds as a racetrack um whether it's it's dirt bikes, mopeds, whatever you call it i've seen comments uh you know let the kids be kids but when i was growing up we rode bicycles that we used pedals to get around not flying around on dirt bikes throughout the streets throughout the city um these e-bikes these electric scooters um i've worked e-art trauma and i've seen what happens when somebody's hit a wall or seaman going 20 miles an hour flying off of a bicycle much less a child um coming around a corner um and if you've walked the track at falsar park you know that there's there's holes in the track there's roots um and these kids are flying through there with no helmets no protection um the park is getting busier and busier as more things are hosted there through the sports complex um the trail goes right by the uh the playground where you have two year olds and three year olds who are playing and you've got these bikes flying through there if an e-bike hits a kid going 20 miles an hour that's two years old they're gonna die um i don't think we're doing a good enough job in addressing this issue i think that um there needs to be a larger police presence at least in our parks um and i think the parents need to be held responsible for not policing their own children um call me a grinch whatever but i've seen kids die um in my line of work because of things like this i don't want anyone to have to suffer that and it's not just kids being kids we didn't have these type of toys at least when i was growing up i'm 38 not that old um so we need to do something about it before we start seeing more of our children's suffer so okay number one I understand okay number one i do understand you can turn we are addressing this issue as fast as we can we have a limited amount of resources to address this issue we have been doing traffic stops on e-bikes and motorcycles as well we've been getting the parents to come pick up the e-bikes or the motorcycles when we do the traffic stops another thing i'm not sure what crash you're talking about with the brain bleed i hadn't seen that one yet um they hadn't did a pass on on it and i wasn't made aware of it i don't know if i'm sorry i interrupted i don't know if that you might um buy i don't know if was that here in town i don't believe i don't think that okay yeah i thought it was in town i thought you said it was in town as well sorry but um yeah it's a tragic situation regardless but um park security we do have people working security at the sports complex they do go through the parks and patrol we can't have somebody sit in the parks 24-7 like because we have to get them to roam around to patrol the whole city we don't have officers dedicated just strictly to a park we don't have the staffing for that right yes to correct me wrong they're roaming the entire complex which is expanded usually two they are three now it's predominantly in the city yep okay picking place my my recommendation would be to increase the amount of uh surveying right now to try to uh at least you know we're putting our foot down and get in the parks and start stopping it from happening you just i mean you're not supposed to ride a bike in the fall support period um or the sports complex they're not allowed there so okay we're also working on putting a safety class together for the city of youngsville sergeant Mosley has been working on that some to put an e-bike class safety class for children getting through wear helmets give them to know the ends and outs of the e-bike to know the safety concerns and the liability and what can happen if you do crash the bike i would recommend reaching out to Lafayette general and the uh the class that they teach to seniors about drinking and driving and being able to have uh maybe some real life examples of that would be like that class one of the officers used to put a class on four Lafayette general i'm trying to think of the name of it um they just need to know the gravity of it right yes yeah yeah his daughter did perish in a vehicle crash involving drinking and driving thank you yeah uh two things uh just hope you all had a blessed and happy Easter i was fortunate enough to take my son to the uh Easter extravaganza for the first time let's finally all for sure it was a phenomenal event um i've never seen kids run so fast in my life for Easter eggs so that was just the treat but everything the local vendors the food trucks it was great uh way to blast um only the thing i have is i wanted to give a one welcome back to uh specialist Miguel Cardoza combat medic with the second battalion 156 entry infantry division uh personally he's my driver with the fire department he's been going for a year deployed in Africa so we're a happy to have him back uh in the department back in the city uh i did ask him if he wanted to come tonight but uh being he i recently got married literally weeks before deployment and bought a new home uh he is going to enjoy that for the next two weeks before he returns back to duty with us so um just want to give him a welcome back from the safe trip awesome anyone else anyone else wish to not address the council all right well hope to see you Saturday for baseball day and um meeting adjourn hope you have a great evening motion adjourn motion motion to adjourn all in is our second is our second all right all in favor hi all right meeting adjourn have a great evening you're been to seconded that would be a first