 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you the community of Young'sville. Lord, I pray that you give us wisdom, insight, fresh perspective, innovative ideas, understanding, Lord, we just thank you for all of those, for all of just the fruitfulness of our of our labors and the fruitfulness of our ministry. Lord, I pray your blessings upon this meeting and just your blessings upon Young'sville. Lord, as we, as I was driving here today, Lord, I was just thinking about how grateful it is to be in this spring season in such a beautiful city. Lord, I thank you for for everyone who's just made so much effort to make Young'sville a wonderful place to live. And Lord, we just thank you and we just give you honor and glory as we just engage today. Lord, we thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Wedgley, to the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Ms. Kidry, please call the vote or call the attendance. Excuse me. Ms. Barras, here, Mr. Bogyano, here, Mr. Romero, here, Mr. Nguyen, here, Ms. Champagne, here. Right agenda item 4.1 approval of the meeting minutes February 12, 2026, a motion by Mr. Bogyano second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment, any public comment? All right. Ms. Latherwood, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Mr. Nguyen. Staying. I wasn't here. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Bogyano. Yes. Ms. Barras. Yes. And agenda item 5.1 approval of the January 2026 finance report. Okay. Motion by Mr. Bogyano and second by Mrs. Barras. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Okay. Here are no public comment. I'm talking slow. Ms. Latherwood, please call the roll. Ms. Bogyano. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Romero. Mr. Nguyen. Mr. Nguyen. Yes. Mr. Champagne. Yes. All right. We do have one public hearing this evening for a preliminary plated agenda item 6.1 is request for preliminary plated approval of good rich properties of Louisiana LLC, a residential development creating lots for a one and for a two located section 2T 11s are for E. Pam, you're handling this one? All right. Thank you. Erin, council, I think you have a new we had to do a revised letter that was put at your seats because there are some additional issues that an adjacent property owner has brought to light with regards to the plat. So we have some conditions that we needed to add. So first of all, we do recommend the preliminary plated approval but with these revisions and conditions attached to it. We need to identify the temporary access easement on the plat and submit the legal instrument for the temporary access easements. There is an access that was mentioned but the actual access is not put on the plat. Identify the data and GUI, the address of each lot and there was a previous dedicated utility easement on the east side which was not put on the plat but we were given a previous plat that had that on there. And then we need them to include existing buildings on the plat. Whenever there's existing topo like this, we like to have it because it's our understanding that one of the buildings is encroaching on set easement that has infrastructure in it. There are several historical utilities for adjacent property owners as well as easements and there are several permanent structures in the utility easements and right away. And so we would like to have a condition that all of the conflicts need to be identified and or address prior to final plat approval. And then the regular things that we have with regards to whoever would build on those lots are attached in the other conditions. Anyone on the council have comments for Ms. Grange. This is a public hearing so we'll invite any public comment that may exist relative to the proposed subdivision of this property. All right, Mr. Romero. Motion requests to put on a approval of good rich properties with the amendment of all conflicts be addressed prior to final plat approval. All right, motion by Mayor Proton Romero and the second Miss Councilman Sean Pine. Any additional comment or question? Okay, there's no public comment. Please call the roll. Ms. Barra's. Yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Romero. Yes, Mr. Nylon. Yes, Ms. Sean Pine. Yes, motion approved. All right, Janadam 7.1 is presentation and acceptance of the audit report for the fiscal year in June 30th, 2025. And Mr. Brad Polder's here to do that presentation. Brad, thanks for being here with us. Thank you, Mayor. Good evening. Mayor Council and public. This one. Good. Here to present the audit for June 30th, 2025. I stood here about a year ago and unfortunately I had to deliver the news that you guys had had 10 findings and that was a bit high for youngs but we hadn't had that in recent history for sure. And remember saying at that time that I was hoping to stay in here today a year later and say that we're down to one or two. I'm happy to report that you did better than that. You have no findings. And I don't remember the last time you had no findings. We talked about the exit conference. It was before my time. I've been doing this audit with my father before by myself here for 15 years. And so at least for 15 years you didn't have zero. But you do have zero this year. It's a lot to be proud of. Credit to Catherine her team from reducing from 10 to 0. Because to have zero we have a few points that have that. But to go from 10 to 0 is extremely uncommon. So credit to the mayor. You guys appear for doing such a good job and getting to this point. Also want to point out obviously we do all this audit. We're talking about a lot of numbers today but you have an unmodified opinion on the financial statements and on the single audit. Again you had that last year you had the findings that you're both unmodified. Unmodified being the best opinion we can give a CPAs. That you typically have seen. That's what you want to see. That's what you have this year. Wanted to get those opening comments out. It's going to be really booked in about a bunch of good news. There's really not any bad news in this report. It's always good to make these type of presentations. Any questions about the lack of findings or the audit opinion. If there's not let's go to pages 62 and 63 in the audit report and we're going to go over the utility fund here. And it will be a common theme of good news on top of good news throughout this meeting and the utility fund is where we're going to kick it off at on page 63. I'll go through the departments that will end with the front totals on page 62. I'm just going to hit the high spot but if anybody has anything please stop me. Starting with sanitation you can see that revenues in 2024 million nine ninety one increased to two million two ninety seven so over three hundred thousand dollar increase in the revenues. The expenditures a second to last line and also increase from two million one fifty four to two million three ten but look at the bottom line improvement. You had a loss last year of a hundred and sixty two thousand dollars. That loss was reduced to thirteen thousand dollars. I always say I like to see sanitation at profitable or at least break even. Last year we weren't close. We were very very close this year. And so hopefully I'm standing here here from now and maybe we have thirteen thousand profit and settle lost but still tremendous amount of progress was made in sanitation during two thousand twenty four twenty five. Moving on to sewer you can see a large increase in the revenues two million four nineteen a shade below three million a two million nine eighty seven almost five hundred seventy thousand dollar increase in the revenues. So very strong a healthy increase in the revenues. The expenditures listed out there but the second to last line and it's a total two million two fifty last year two million five hundred fifty five. So an increase of about three hundred five thousand year over year but the revenues four out past the increase in the expenditures and look at the improvement at the bottom line. Last year we had a profit of over so one hundred sixty nine thousand which is a pretty good year to be honest with you for sewer. This year though did a lot better than that at a profit of four hundred thirty two thousand. That's that's that's really exceptional because sewer is very difficult to make money because of the amount of costs that go into it and sometimes just unexpected repairs. You had an excellent year this year. Moving on to water a similar story just even a bit better maybe than that the previous two two thousand twenty four revenues four million two forty eight coming in this year at five million one forty one a shade below nine hundred thousand increase in the revenues. Looking at the expenditures those did increase four million seven sixty nine up to five million seventy eight so almost three hundred and ten thousand dollars there but the revenues four out past the expenditures here again and look at the improvement in water we had an operating loss last year of over five hundred and twenty thousand dollars that's it's not great but we had this year a profit of sixty three thousand dollars so to improve with a almost five hundred eighty five thousand dollars year over year again to make that type of leap in one year is uncommon but you guys did it so each department saw increases in revenues expenditures but revenues outpaste bottom line improved all three departments. Moving on to page six two you can imagine we add this altogether with the story is going to be but looking at two thousand twenty four revenues eight million six hundred sixty thousand up to ten million four hundred twenty six thousand about one point seven million dollar increase in revenues year over year that's that's really great. Expenses did increases we saw in each department so when we bring it together nine million one seventy four last year up to nine million nine forty three so about seven hundred seventy thousand increase year over year and you look at the bottom line we had last year from an operation standpoint we had a loss of five hundred and fourteen thousand this year we have a profit of four hundred and eighty two thousand almost a million dollar swing on operations in one year again that's exceptional I didn't expect to stay in here and say that I was hoping to be at least break even again you guys did a lot better than that that's not the other revenue story here in Youngsville though you guys do have a property tax that's in the non-operating revenue section those revenues did go from five hundred ninety thousand last year to six hundred thirty thousand there about in the current year and you do have some interest expense so total non-operating revenues in this case five hundred and fifty two thousand last year five hundred and eight thousand in the current year so income before before transfers excuse me nine hundred ninety thousand this year compared to thirty eight thousand last year so huge improvement year over year also worth pointing out so fourth the last line item is capital contributions I don't always go over this because it's not normally a big item to go over you see last year it was nothing this year six point five million you had a lot of money coming in from water sector and some from the wastewater project I think the way the water sector money was mostly for a water plant is that correct me yeah and so you can see six point five million of additional infrastructure was also put into place during this past fiscal year so from the utility point standpoint utility fund just an exceptional year overall on pages 62 and 63 any questions or whatever over here let me just share in case anyone in the audience has a iPad you can follow along it's on young zool dot us at the bottom left there's quick links that have the 2025 auto report so anyone anyone viewing at at home as well if there's no questions on 62 and 63 let's look at page two of the handouts that's the per customer per month and what we do here is we break down each department and give you four years of history of the total number of customers the income operating expenses and then that bottom line is called operating income or walls without depreciation on another simpler way to say that is simply cash are we generating cash or losing cash in that particular department so starting with water in the top left you can see the trend of the customers going up every year last year we had about 7,000 customers a shade under that this year over 7,600 water customers so about 10% growth in water customers year over year income you can see was relatively flat 22 through 24 a bit of an increase from 23 to 24 but 5631 is the high water more and open intended for the water department in the income and you look at the operating expenditures 5561 this year versus 5710 last year but look at the operating income we saw this in the audit report you actually had operation income this year 70 cents may not seem that great but coming from last year we had a loss of 623 some massive improvement almost $7 improvement year over year again not common depreciation is running give or take 550 and then we get to that bottom line as I said basically from a cash standpoint what are you doing you generate it $6.30 of cash this year and actually you lost 73 cents per customer per month that's a $7 swing in one year again want to be profitable for sure but I definitely want to generate cash we didn't do that last year I mean a big improvement we're doing that this year so water is where you want it to be which is great looking at sewer we have growth in customers not at the same rate that maybe we're having in water but we do have growth 5,700 customers last year almost 6,300 this year and you look at the income in sewer it's pretty much stagnant from 22 and 24 right around that $35 mark we pretty much just hover there for three years and then in 25 and make a big jump to almost $40 $39.59 the expense is kind of tick up each year pretty consistently but you do have operating incomes all four years in front of you 5,73 this year compared to 244 last year so a big improvement year over year you can see in 22 and 23 running about $11 we'll call it roughly into depreciation closer to $15 a past two years because of those increases in the infrastructure and the utility fund and then we get to what do we know from a cash perspective in sewer generating cash all four years in front of you but at $20.31 this is the high water mark for sewer this is the best you've done previous two years around that $17, $18 mark so at 20 and that may be the best it's ever been mayor quite honestly 20s certainly the best of these past four years but possibly the best ever and then bottom left is garbage you can see here again very similar to water and sewer growth in the number of customers we were right around that $20 mark in 22 and 23 for income jumped up to almost 24 last year almost 26 this year and you see the steady trend of the operating expenses somewhat outpacing or they are outpacing the revenues but look at the improvement we made we were losing between two and two 50 per cussing from a cash basis between two and two two two thousand twenty two and two thousand twenty four we improved only losing 15 cents per customer per month so I'd like to stand here and to be break even a little bit of profit but losing 15 cents compared to $1.95 I have to tell you that's a big improvement year over year so good job there and then bring it all together in the bottom right for the entire fund you can see the steady trend and increase in the income last year almost $110 this year over $121 look at how similar your expenses are in these batches in these two years so in 22 and 23 right about $96 around it and then 24 and 25 right about $115 again per customer per month operational wise we have a profit this year 628 compared to a loss last year of 574 year before that a profit of 670 adding back depreciation of about $20 similar to last year we get to a cash perspective utility fund of almost 2650 that's $12 better than we were last year at 1466 and here again the highest number on the page back in 22 and 23 are about $23 and change 2646 B&D best it's been over the previous four years for sure so as I said it's to be a lot of good news today starting with utility fund all good news any questions on the handout or the audit report pages if there's not we can go to page 65 and the audit reporting will cover the sports complex not as dramatic as improvements as we saw in utility but improvements nonetheless and I think you'll take them looking at page 65 you see the different sources the revenues are not going to hit each one I'm going to hit the total last year a million 376 in income for the sports complex this year about 73,000 increased to a million 448 so good to see an increase in the revenues expenses are listed out in detail I know we're talking with Mary Catherine the exit part of the effort this year was to reduce some of the expenditures in the sports complex which that really has not been something that's been able to be done almost ever to see a reduction in expenditures so while it's not a huge reduction I think any reduction should be commended and that's what we do have this year last year we had total expenditures of 5.5 million this year they decreased by about a hundred thousand dollars to 5.4 million so there's the movement movement between categories but because of the growth of that the complex has been uncommon to be able to reduce those expenditures but you did doing it fiscal 25 again excellent job there and so because of the increase in the expenditures excuse me a decrease in the expenditures and an increase in the revenues that operating loss got smaller not by a lot but it did get smaller last year we lost 4.15 million this year we lost 3.9 million again well I stand here and this line will become profitable one day I don't know probably not but we get to the non-operating revenues and expenditures and you'll see a change that we made in fiscal 25 and I like this statement a lot better now because of it to me you can make better decisions on it you look at it and you see the big number that jumps off in that section is sales tax net a collection expense we used to report the sports complex sales tax separately that money is dedicated solely for the sports complex it's all you can spend it on so now we're reporting it here and on this day but you'll get a much better sense of rather than me saying if you add back the sales tax and you do this and that where do you get you can see right here on the page so the only thing a feel lady with the sports complex not on page 65 is your bond principle and that's right at 1.4 million okay that's the only thing we can't report here so you get to that income or loss before capital contributions and transfer you can see last year's that big loss of 5.2 which is why we're typically say add back the sales tax and you'll be basically break even there should you can actually see it you actually have an income of 225 thousand dollars when you factor in the sales tax it might say we're Brad I mean with the bond principle of 1.4 million are we still in the in the whole cash wise no you're not depreciation is the biggest expense on the page 1.7 million so your cash positive round number about 500 thousand dollars and you take everything consideration the sales tax and the sports complex everything on this page your cash positive about a half million dollars so this statement to me makes it easier to understand and say that up here because sometimes between the pages is not the easiest thing to do and not everybody does it for a little like things so again big improvement here I know it's marginal improvement but improvement is good is good to report any questions here on page 65 okay with that being said let's now go to page one of the handout and that's going to allow us to summarize the entire operations of the city on one page rather than flipping through 1015 pages in this report the entire operations including the utility fund and sports complex to summarize your own page one you've seen this before the far left column is your final amended budget next to that is your actual numbers for this audit the variance between the budget and the actual numbers this year and then you have three prior audit year numbers on the fourth right four three columns to the right I just taking a look at the tax at the top of the page your budget at 20.5 million you're brought in 20.9 million 383 thousand more than you thought last year was 20 million 860 thousand so pretty much flat when you factor in the taxes across the different types of taxes you have but not a bad situation it is up a little bit not up a lot but up a little bit I think we were in the exit conference Catherine Cremacum wrong I think this year we're almost done with this fiscal year seven or eight percent up so standing here next to sales tax would be up seven or eight percent which is great moving on to licenses and permits a lot of activity here and you expected it your budget at 2.1 million came in at two million 68 thousand and you see that's the highest of the previous three years the high water more before that about a million five a lot of activity and coaching permits this year integral middle was the big standout between the budget and what you brought in you expected seven point nine million you actually got 10.9 million about 8.5 million of that is from the state for a variance of about three million dollars you see the previous three years back in 23 we got nine point four million but 10.9 being the highest of the four years on the page utility fund we went over that sports complex we just covered then we get to fines and forfeiture your budget is seven sixty seven you brought in eight sixty so about a hundred thousand more than you thought a bit below where you've been the previous two years though but higher than where we were in 2022 and then miscellaneous the catch all you budgeted two seventy three brought in seven hundred ten thousand quite a bit more than you thought but very comparable last year at seven thirty five a lot of this is interesting guys total budget of revenues for the city of youngsville 43.5 million came in at forty seven point four million or three point eight million more than you thought so if you're going to miss on revenue this is how you want to miss you want to miss where you come in with a lot higher number than what you expected second to last line on the page is the the variance from a percentage standpoint you have a positive variance of 12.6 percent that's the way you want to do it if you're going to miss miss conservatively moving on to the expenditures general government government administrative budgeted three point one million spent three point two million so about a hundred thirty two thousand more than you thought and a bit harder than last year at two point seven million do want to point out though all that activity and codes impermanence that we saw the revenue site there's associated expense and that expenses capture this line at them so it's not like we're ballooning salaries and everybody's going to pay a lot more a lot of this is codes impermanence driving that increase between twenty four and twenty five just want to point that out public safety police we budgeted four point nine million we spent four point nine million about thirteen thousand more than we expected and a little bit harder than last year was four point eight million fire very similar story budgeted two point two million spent two point two million or about seventeen thousand more than we thought and a bit harder last year when expenditures came into two million streets and drainage budgeted a million four eighty one spent less than that a million four fifty five and quite a bit less than last year a million eight twenty seven utility fund and sports complex we just covered that service principal retirement budgeted two million three eighty two came in at two million three fifty one or thirty one thousand less than you thought and about we will relax you at two point two million increased fiscal agent charges by an issue which expense budgeted one point one million spent one point one million about seven thousand dollar variance there and very close to where we were last year one point two million capital outlay always tough to budget but not tough for you this year nine million nine eighty eight budgeted nine million nine sixty nine for a variance of eighteen thousand capital outlay is always tough to budget as is intergovernmental uh... but this year you hit the nail right on the head uh... total expenditures budgeted forty million eight ninety one came in actually at forty million nine thirteen for a massive variance of twenty one thousand dollars on forty one million that's exceptional if you look at the bottom of the page on the infecision with the big number point one two percent it you can't really you can't get any closer than that i mean if that's hit the nail right on the head so what this tells me is you're getting good conservative revenue numbers actually really accurate expense numbers which allows you as a governing body to make good accurate decisions if this thing was all over the place if you made a good decision to be by luck where this tells me you're getting good information and making good decisions to Catherine her team as well as you got to make a good decision should be committed to that excellent job there and then we get to the access for deficiency access in your case your budget for an excess of two point six million did a lot better than that at six million four ninety four for a positive variance of three point eight million you can see last year this line item eight hundred thirty eight thousand surplus year before that a deficit of six million again this this capital drive some of these deficits we get to other financing sources not a lot going on this year this mostly capital least related you can see in some previous years we had some bond issuance didn't have any bond bond issuance this year very been committed i don't think we're going to have any bond issuance in the near future either so we have the bonds that we need then we get to the other revenues are expensive we really covered these this the advolume tax and utility funds some interest income the capital contributions we covered and some interest expense so we really covered all that and you get to the bottom bottom line excess deficiency for the entire city when you factor everything into it you expect it about seven million dollars of this line item came in way higher than that at almost thirteen point two million for a variance of six point one million higher than you thought which is exceptional remember that thirteen point one because it's the exact place to want to store the next handout but you can see the three previous years last year was one point eight million this line item before that eighteen point nine and a deficit back in twenty two eleven million so this number can vary wildly because of debt issuance among other reasons but the thirteen point one million if there's no questions on page one is where one again begin on page three of the handout that's it the surplus and as I said I want to start with the thirteen point one and where this is a lot of numbers on the page top right hand corner is two thousand twenty five actual so this is taken that line from that page one and we have six years total on this page there's a thirteen point one and what we're doing in the middle is just removing non-operational items adding back capital or removing grants or bond issuance to get to what if we do an operational surplus of deficiency surplus in your case how did we do this show we removed non-operational items you have a net operating surplus of five point eight million one of the highest you've had of the previous six years you can see we have in bold the total net operating surplus for the six years total over twenty six million dollars from an operation standpoint averaging over these six years about four point four million and one thing when you look at this you see the thirteen million that we have of a surplus and that equates to a five point eight million operational surplus but look at that very top line you're looking you see well what was the worst deficit we had and that year was two thousand twenty two you had a deficit of eleven million dollars but what did when we removed the non-operational items how did the net operating surplus turn out and you can see twenty two was the worst at the top of the page but for an operation surplus it's the largest my point is that bottom on the page one can be deceiving because of issuing bonds and it shows the revenue on a government conversely when you look at what was the best number on the top from an operational standpoint you see eighteen point nine million two thousand twenty three you go to the bottom which surplus at that generate operation the lowest on the page I just thought it was a good comparison to make that you can't just go with that bottom line of page one that's the reason we present this particular page is to show you from an operation standpoint how you're doing because when you factor in bonds and other items it can be quite misleading how you're actually doing but you're doing great and at five point eight million that's the second highest of the six years presented any questions on the surplus comparison we just talked about hearing none we will conclude the presentation with the statement of net position on page 59 another way to put that a few were a business is to be your balance sheet and on page 59 you can see the four two left columns is your governmental activities and business type activities we total those for your total in the third column for 2025 and then the far right column of your toes for 2024 I'm not gonna hit every line on I'm gonna try and point out some of the more important ones the first one is important cash and cash equivalence eleven point nine million last year up about five million to sixteen point nine million this year we just talked about the operation of surplus being about five point eight million unsurprisingly this number and cash increased by about five million dollars there's some correlation there next line on his investments is down a little bit from two point nine million to one point two million uh receivables are very comparable a lot of the other items are pretty comparable uh and I'll just bring your attention to the total assets 190 million in 2024 up 17 million your total assets for the city of young people over 207 million dollars so a lot of growth it's not a small city anymore it's a pretty big city to be honest with you the front outflows we're not gonna talk about liabilities are listed all here out for you what I'm gonna point out is a total total liabilities last year over 84 million 84 million almost exactly down to 79.5 million we'll call it this your decrease of about 4.5 million all that to say you guys are paying your debts you're paying your bondage is supposed to so you're seeing your liabilities go down that's the basic comment I want to make here the further inflows when I got to talk about and then we get to net position if you're a business this will be equity what's the equity for the city net investment in capital assets went up by quite a bit 88 million in 2024 2024 up to almost 104 million or over 104 million and fiscal 25 then you have your different restricted items you have the sales tax dedications debt service in capital projects remember sales tax dedications this is a number that I factor when I'm giving you days of operations this is one of those items we consider so you're at 6.1 million in sales tax dedication last year versus five million this year so about 1.1 million dollar decrease year over year and then the second to last line on is also very important unrestricted there's no restricted on this money last year this number was 1.7 million this year up to 6.1 most 9 million so a huge increase in your unrestricted it really correlates with the increase in the cash which is what you want to see you have it and you can spend it all that to say we went over page one and we have your total expenses I'm I'm just talking off the page now and so you have your total expenses and we're back out the capital what are you spending per day and this 365 days a year for the city of youngsville in 2025 about 87,700 dollars 365 days a year how does that compare last year 84,000 to 50 last year so bit of an increase but not a large increase when you factor in the unrestricted net petition we talked about the sales tax dedications how many days of operations do you have citywide to cover your expenses assuming no incoming revenues the benchmark is supposed to be 60 days last year you're at 130 days this year you had 177 days so big increase 47 days about a month and a half increase year over year so citywide we have a lot more money available to expand to cover our expenses almost six months so a big increase year over year also we always point out your days in the general fund because when you can't use your restricted money for something you have to use general fund money so it's important to have a healthy general fund to have a healthy city so again the same 68 rule applies where were you in 23 24 48 days in 23 50 days last year where you are at fiscal 25 or 128 days the strongest has been in quite a while again more than double the 68 requirement that you need over four months of operations in general fund so as I said when I started it was a good report front to back and as you can see starting off with zero findings ending here on some of the highest days you've had in many many years general fund as strong as I've seen it in many years the utility fund sports complex doing great just really a great report overall I mean I don't have anything bad to say about it which is the type of report you want to present say this opportunity thank Catherine I heard team for doing a great job the mayor appreciate your help throughout the council for allowing me and my firm to do this audit we're going to appreciate the opportunity to certainly study a young bill and look forward to serve hopefully many more years any questions or something I did cover or did not cover you yeah yeah yeah yes sincerely Catherine not very proud of you you put in a lot of hard work a lot of extended hours you've implemented a lot of processes that have helped us grow that have enabled us to get where we are today you know I jokingly say that when I started it was mom and pop up the operation but we're not anymore and it's because we're surrounded by great people so exceptionally grateful I believed in you from the beginning and I knew that you would work hard and get it done so your husband even said that we knew from the onset so but overall for the operation exceptionally proud you know as well I think the biggest takeaway for me is that success is never final and that we've got to continue to work hard every day to maintain the trust of the public that we are privileged to serve and it starts with a sound financial house so that's not lost on me this is an oh one-time thing you know this is that there has been a method to this we've invested heavily in building infrastructure and this year was strategically to accomplish what we did to to grow surpluses back our long-term debt is decreased as it was so to have no no no findings no material weaknesses no instances of non-compliance there is a lot of grant money that moves through this building so our team of consultants Pam Susan in particular you know the accuracy of those paperwork that you do Nicole from top to bottom I couldn't be more proud so with success comes more scrutiny and we continue to rise to the occasion so sincerely thank you for the effort that you put in and Brad it's a pleasure working with Colin your team and I look forward to the continued relationships. Appreciate the final words thank you thank you thank you next bro thank you all right agenda item eight oh yes please Mr. Volgiano all right and second by Mr. Romero is there any public comment or public discussion all right there's no public comment Ms. Leatherwood please call the vote to accept the fine the the financial report for the year ending 2025 Michelle Vaughn yes Mr. Neiland yes Mr. Romero yes Mr. Volgiano yes Ms. Faris yes motion approved right thank you all right several resolutions tonight 8.1's resolution 2026 06 a resolution authorized in the mayor to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement between the city of young zone the young zone chamber of commerce and providing for related matters motion by Mr. Volgiano second by Ms. Champagne is any comment or questions from members of the council any public comment relative to this cooperative endeavor agreement okay there's no public comment Ms. Leatherwood please call the vote Ms. Bares yes Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Romero yes Mr. Neiland yes Michelle Pynch yes motion approved 8.2 resolution 2026 07 a resolution levy and the milled rates for 2026 see if we can entertain a motion in a second and our assessors here this evening Mr. Justin Centani so we can hear from him first if you'd like Mr. Centani welcome sir all right thank you Mr. Mayor councilmembers chief Bruce R. I wanted to give Catherine a high five myself after hearing that hearing that audit report congratulations on such a I hope y'all get 10 stories that you would have gotten with findings on such a clean audit report I know you're not but I hope but I hope you do let me thank you staff to protect particularly Ms. Leatherwood and Ms. Gidry for the data sharing that they do with my office so we rely heavily on municipal permits to accomplish a lot of the work that we do and diligent and accurate sharing that data helps us you know get new properties onto the tax roll and the timely fashion so that you guys have the funding to provide all the unglamorous things that are so important to growth like roads and drainage and I see a resolution later for your water system capacity so it really working with your with your staff is a is a pleasure forgive my need for glasses these days I'm gonna I brought some statistics for you guys just we started doing a monthly report where at the at the current about five months into this year's tax roll and what that means is this is the the field guys driving around measuring new houses anybody added onto a house any new businesses any new construction things like that so about five months in and what I'm gonna show tell you tonight is you're only about 5% off of last year's ad volume tax revenue as of today we still have another 273 residential permits to get to for young's bill we still have another 31 commercial permits for young's bill both of those are about 50% of your total permits that we're working through and we still have to get through about 93% of your personal property so the movable property and inventory for your businesses which those returns aren't due until April 1st so we've we've started to get a trickle in so I say that to say you're the lowest percentage off of last year's ad volume tax revenue right now so what you can expect next year is continued growth I think you know that with the the plants that you approve and the permits that you approve this is this data is gonna match what you know to be the case as far as new construction and development within young's bill that is going to continue I think as long as you guys continue to make the sound decisions the blocking and tackling the government I told the mayor that several weeks ago it's not glamorous but this is what gets the job done so thank you for making good decisions and being sound managers of your city with all that I'm just gonna say to you is anybody have any questions about your milled rates about your tax revenue about anything else thank you all so much all right thank you just and appreciate the update and so with that I'll entertain emotion to all right mr. motion mr. Romero makes emotion councilman borrowers seconds any council comment or discussion any public comment okay there's no public comment mr. Leatherwood mr. Nylon yes mr. Romero yes mr. Volgiano Miss Barrett yes miss Shalpine yes I should approve and if any of y'all are interested mr. Centennies offices providing this great information now one number that really stood out that we've been utilized and already and sharing is how much the the business permits in our community on that one sheet are that are standing out so especially relative to like the city of you know other other areas of the parish there so all the data is helpful so thanks for we'll send it and send it our way as well so all right thank you very much Brad thanks all right agenda item 8.3 resolution 2020 608 a resolution let me well let me say this the next couple of resolutions what we're doing is where we are moving funds or monies around within our capital fund these are we're not overall changing the expense of what we're doing is just drawing attention that we're using changing within different project assignments so resolution 2026 08 is a many the 2526 capital projects budget a capital projects fund in the amount of 250,000 and provide various funding to provide funding various projects be funded from the 1968 1% sales tax right emotion by councilmember Nylon second by Mayor Pro Temboll Gianna specifically what this is going to achieve we are finally have suffered all the paperwork for the federal grant for the Young Street and LaRivia around about project so this is going to enable us to to give the go ahead to the to the engineering teams DDG to do the design of that intersection and then the second component of this I shared with the public recently that LCG is doing some drainage projects throughout our community and what we I didn't what we've done previously when they're here is we work with that vendor to do additional work here in town and the vendor honors the same rate that LCG had it bid out so I'll be sharing if with your approval we'll be sharing what additional drainage laterals will be cleaning with the funding if you allow the reallocation this evening so is there any question or comment about it any public comment I'm just glad to win Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Perez yes Miss Champagne yes Mr. Nylon yes Mr. Merrill yes thank you council 8.4 resolution 2026 is 0.9 I'm in the 20 25 2026 capital projects budget general fund in the amount of $979 for about additional funding for multi-equipped track track buggy to be funded from the general fund a motion by Mr. Nylon second by Mr. Volgiano again this is just moving the the prices have gone up since we got the initial quotes once ago any public comment all right this is your whether we please call the roll the vote Miss Boris yes Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Romero yes Mr. Nylon yes yes motion approved yes yes and then finally 8.5 resolution 2026 10 a resolution amending the 25 26 capital projects budget from the what we're doing here is basically the the item that I had proposed to you and the budget was for led change out on the baseball field so what we're proposing doing here is just moving $5900 to a couple different various projects throughout the sports complex our parks and wreck facilities motion by council Romero second by councilwoman Shampon any public comment all right miss leatherweight please call the roll the vote Mr. Romero yes Mr. Volgiano yes Ms. Boris yes Ms. Shampon yes Mr. Nylon yes and this has an FYI at the last meeting you had approved LED lighting change out on the tennis courts and that has been that has been completed so 8.6 is resolution 2026 11 a resolution authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to the fiscal year 2027 community project funding CPF for the city of Youngsville water system capacity and pressure improvements project and further approving 20% in local match funds it's a motion by councilman Shampon in a second by councilmember Nylon council comment any public comment this is just an additional effort to help strengthen our ability to produce more water to again less than our dependency on our wholesale provider miss Shampon yes Mr. Nylon yes Mr. Romero yes Mr. Volgiano yes Ms. Boris yes motion approved then two ordinances for a public hearing and final adoption 9.1 is ordinance 509 2026 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville Louisiana meaning the code of ordinances chapter 110 design standards in chapter 107 commercial development requirements as it relates to finished floor determinations for residential and commercial developments Pam would you mind just given a update I had a question from a council member earlier and I just want to make sure that we're getting it right here with what we're doing this is the one where we're doing you know basically 18 it's 18 and so basically the finished floor is 18 inches above the roadway or foot above the BFE whichever is higher and it doesn't matter if it is curb and gutter or if it's open ditch so that was one of it to make sure to clarify that it didn't matter how the road was built that is the requirements and then the second one was we always had it in our residential requirements and we never had it in our commercial requirements so just to verify we went ahead and to clarify we put it in our commercial as well so just to clarify Pam so this is an event that in certain areas if the if the land is a lot lower than our residential commercial roadway that they're going to bring the business up to the same level we're not going to have water to protect them essentially the water's not flowing back into the business itself that's correct we do have some areas within the city that might be listed as zone x but it's unsteadyed or it's in an area that it's just because there wasn't a whole lot of growth it's called x but it may be property that is well beneath the roadway so yes that is to keep many of them if you look at the ditch as soon as water is going to top the ditch it would be into the property and we have seen it from a standpoint of the property being vacant so in order to make sure that the building is above that and we don't have buildings that are below and then someone say oh well the ditches are full comes a drainage issue whatever the requirement needs to be you need to be above the road. Also okay we were trying to we were just brainstorming a little bit earlier about you know just trying to think about where do we have because we previously changed this to include to make it if was only carbon gutter because we left it to be open ditch I guess because we came across a specific example that I can't think of now but it's my understanding because it was in my recommendation it's my understanding that it was because at the time most of the development we had was always on a carbon gutter street and there was so little and I think what came to mind was in areas like on railroad where we don't have a whole lot I think someone had come for permits to do something on railroad and it's like well you know well that property is pretty high already above the road the problem we're having is that we have a lot of places where the right now that's being developed land that's been vacant for a very long time and what we're seeing is the property that's adjacent to this open ditch street we're seeing more of them being lower so for example if you're on highway 89 think about how much of that property is lower than highway 89 and think about how many of them have lots of water in their driveways and how much we water we end up having in our ditches now we're getting ready to subsurface drainage the whole part of it anyway so they still have to build because it's going to end up being so right now if they went and built they're like well I don't have to be 18 inches above but we're literally going to be carbon gutter in less than a couple of years in most of that area that would come to develop so again to protect everybody because it also makes it really difficult when you're trying to design something carbon gutter the way we need to if you have such property that's so low to begin with so in light of the areas that we are now seeing developed it's becoming more and more of an issue and we just have a lot more designing think about it you have 92 there's a lot more interest along highway 92 that's open ditch a lot more along parts of 89 that's open ditch and then some of the areas of shaman-metery and when you look south on the south side of shaman-metery that's all unstudded x and we all know we can drive by there and we can see which areas hold water naturally and have hold held water historically so this comes back to the same kind of issue that 14 years ago when we did st. David's Cove again open ditch area water was always in that what do we have to do we have to bring in dirt so because of what we're seeing in the trends nobody's going to do anything unless you have it unfortunately in there nobody under nobody will voluntarily want their building higher than the road no matter what we explain so this is really to protect the businesses and the residences that come in the areas where we have open ditch yeah for the for it's less of a change for residential as we already we already have this provision for residential the only thing we're modifying for residential is the unstudied we're removing the the the the the curbing gutter but then also saying that if in zone x we may require additional if it's unstudied because we do know those areas that are unstudied that if you do a study today it would be it by all intents it would probably be an A so what we don't want is someone to come in and say well that's an x and then they build too low and then the phone never stops because technically if it's an x female and everybody says you don't have to be high there's been enough there's been enough studied here to where we know the lay of the land well enough on the unstudied zone x's to have that's correct more current information that is correct yeah okay any other questions any public comment okay there's no public comment please call about oh my apology misbara's motion to accept all right is there a second all right council member umero i'll ask again if there's any public comment all right there's no public comment it's called a miss champon yes mr. nylon yes mr. umero yes mr. boljiano yes mr. barres yes emotion approved all right thank you hailey 9.2's ordinance 5 10 2026 in ordinance of the city of young zoole Louisiana declaring movable property is surplus and further authorizing the demolition and disposal and accordance with state law motion by councilman shampoan second by councilman barres is there any council comment any public comment this is an appropriation this there's a building on a piece of right away that the city acquired ad bone and iberia and press god so this is just basically starting the process as the plans are getting further along with it with uh with the roundabout design there so already if there's no comment call the bill all right yes mr. umero yes mr. nylon yes yes thank you susan you want to give us an update and then we'll have Pam and then Tim please okay on the wastewater treatment plant upgrade they are excavating for the sbors they run into some debris they're removing that um and then they'll be able to prepare it for the concrete pours they are forming up the foundation for the ptu and they are getting equipment deliveries so things are starting to move they're about i would say 15% complete on the water plant we're pretty much complete they're addressing the punch list they're doing full load test on the generator on march 16th with regard to adding that fourth filter we're just waiting on ldh to concur with us to advertise for that so we're ready to go on that chugamo pond we're finishing up those plans we're kind of waiting on bidding some other projects pump station five same thing we have the ldh permit um we're just kind of awaiting funding then number five the pump station upgrades of pump stations one eight and seventeen pump station one we found we were able to um chain down impellers rather than doing a full upgrade saving a good bit of money in doing that so we um have placed the order for the impellers and waiting for that to come in and then um i think clear stream's gonna do that work replace those impellers eight and seventeen which is the derail boat bowge on down pump station and the field crest pump station we're working on those we'll be submitting them soon to the health department for permitting and then we can go to bid any questions for Susan they'll give an update just quickly about our new water plant uh things are going great we are uh taking initial steps to add probably another roughly 650 homes onto that system that would be the area like sugar ridge uh guillade guillade grove moshery so that's gonna be next in line um so um you know it'll be there will be no issue you know it'll be easy for the residents there'll be no change so we're continuing to look at ways to expand our footprint and serve uh serve more area with our plant so that's that's the main event there so all right thank you Susan Pam. All right so uh highway 89 we're about 80 percent complete on phase one a um today they started the asphalt on the southbound south south of fortune road on the southbound lanes what will be the future southbound lanes um they also are working we are advancing to phase one b which is from heart to form towards uh russo towards ambassador to capri and they have started doing the drainage put in the drainage on the east side so um we anticipate it would probably be about 90 days good weather 90 days we may be finished with phase one which will put us phase two um we are beyond 60 percent designed to the point that we've got we've already met with all the utility companies and most of them have cleared the utilities that said that there's there's nothing so as soon as funding is secured we'll be able to move towards uh getting cost estimates from the contractor and um and being able to move forward in phase two is from uh where phase one ends just south of sable palms to griffin road um fortune road we are 95 percent complete on that we have some concrete islands remaining um to do on the fortune road round about um next month we probably will be bringing a um an acceptance uh in uh uh what little punch list we would have on the fortune road portion of the project um left turn lane project they are on the left turn lane in the area of singblaze doing the uh culvert installation so we've been doing all of the drainage installation first and then they got to come back and start doing the actual roadway portions of the work um just so at last month we had cage and play was one of the items y'all had a preliminary plat that's right there by community first just to let you know that tomorrow we are getting there um what they're doing for the roadway improvements so they've already designed they've taken the design of the left turn lanes and incorporated and we'll be given us their draft plan so I just want to give you guys an update that they are work indiligently to um address the issues that we talked about last month um the striping we have uh plans and specifications I will meet with the mayor to go over the quantities that we have come up uh mainly starting with shaman mettery and some of the crosswalks that we have determined and some other areas that we feel we need to uh refresh uh so we were we're hoping by the end of the month to start advertising that for bid uh 92 impressed got where 80 percent complete with the design shaman agriab they should be starting in the next few weeks um most importantly is larybia road they're about 60 percent complete they're um they've made significant progress on the northbound lane but they're now at a point that they need to do the bridges and do the southbound lane and as you all know there's a huge difference in elevation and to be able to do the amount of work they need to do with that difference in elevation it becomes a little bit harder so they have requested in two weeks to close down the road which you would only be for local traffic so we're gonna work with them with regards to that um but they definitely have to do that to replace the two bridges so we'll definitely miss an anticipated closure yes this was all there's no way to there's no way to um install the bridge without closing the road and we have two on this project so we're gonna make sure that people do have access that actually live along that but we're going to ask for everybody if you do not have a laryviaire direct laryviaire address you need to find an alternate route um and then of course everybody at the mayor had announced that we had gotten the sidewalk grant and that is for a portion of highway 89 starting from where your sidewalk ends just before new news and start working your way up north um we might be able to go past hawk if we have if we're started the phase two of the project of highway 89 is started with the drainage already and then your grant money's gonna allow you to put more sidewalk because you won't have to put as much in drainage so it all depends on which one comes first how far it's gonna be we'll be able to extend that sidewalk um and then we will be submitting for a roadway payment preservation grant uh submit and for that uh with APC before the end of the month any questions yes ligny um the how much i guess i guess i may be in feet how much more do we have to take into the property on uh young so highway at the ambassador intersection for that's at the bruce roadside or i guess the turning lane when we're widening for the restriping for that portion that one a section we're talking about we didn't we didn't purchase any property no i guess what i'm asking is we're we just restriping the existing right way to accomplish to accommodate the two lanes no it's being widened so you're gonna there is some widening that's why we're closing in part of the ditch to be able to do some widening that we are but we are not it's not just a restriping there is some widening the i guess one of the family members of the the home on the corner of that property had asked uh how much of the property were re encroaching into it we're everything we're doing is staying within the right away okay does it mean that we don't use that as our response i just didn't know how much more into the right way we're going into it and we're using all of our right away we don't you know say we're on the west on the east side address but uh i had the so the project that we're doing just um the what we're they're doing the drainage work on the east side right now for hard to farm to roughly ruse so yes it doesn't go all the way to ambassador right because ambassador already pretty fair so you you can they're on the side where they're doing the drainage work now um yes it's the it's the only house on that corner the this that last brick house on the corner of the ambassador in youngsville highway oh we're not even gonna be in that area so you're talking about past missarine doby tiles the next house the last one i guess yeah i guess so we're stopping before that because that's already widened yeah yeah that's already wide because the other turn of the name is already existing in that lane that's correct so we're just meeting it to that point that's correct perfect yeah that area might be restored right to order to tie in just first to tie in yeah but we're not widening in that area so we're widening just in up into basically our city limits the portion of ruseau but you have so much of it that's already been widened by do to the that was just striped anyway but yes so in that corner i thought you i was thinking you were talking about the fun jump place was and then as for us for the rivier how are we managing i guess letting local residents in and not only i mean how how is that going to be i mean it's an honor system and usually it's supposed to be but i'm just thinking for the purposes of like emergency traffic if we have to get down there and how that's going to be a pain with we can get cut through metals and and come through investment and whatnot but i can ask the consulting firm that the state of Louisiana has chosen in order to do that construction management and ask them to get back with us on that but yes just i'm just curious i don't know yeah they they've been well they've been communicating with principle bulimura they have asked them to communicate with her directly so that way it's one again she's been anticipating it i mean just like we all have we avoid the road at all costs because it's extremely there right now and it's yeah one wrong move and you're gonna put a million dollar per adus into the ditch so we just try to avoid that whole road always that there was someone in the ditch today yeah yeah yeah i think we are actually it's an increase in that that intersection solely because people are just trying to speed down the road where there's no doubt the the traffic is not as much but every time i go out there for a field meeting the few cars you see by no means are they going to be reduced speed limit any other questions any other questions about any cap infrastructure projects all right we don't have any uh Tim you give an update to the council and the public please thank you thank you mayor bitty basketball hosted their regional all-store tournament February 27th three march first and now they'll host their national tournament which will be March 20th through the 24th at the rec center our ysc baseball softball and t-ball teams will begin practice on monday march 16th ysc open and weekend for that will be saturday april 11th arc of baseball and softball practicing games at the expansion continue 2d baseball will be here this weekend again at all 11 fields occasionally volleyball will have their tournament this saturday and sunday at the rec center southside soccer continues all their practicing games on the weekends spring beach league continues to use the wins the in thursday nights the kdana school baseball and softball league tonight will be the last night them in plan during the week their league the south lane conference mid season collegiate women's beach volleyball event will be march 19th through the 21st at sugar beach while they're here they'll also be looking at the expansion for possible the possibilities maybe some south lane conference tournaments pertaining to collegiate baseball hope fest will be saturday march 21st at the expansion we have a slimco family fun night roughly 800 families will be at the expansion friday march 27th an mma event on saturday march 28th at the rec center and they're possibly looking at labor date weekend september 5th possibly doing one outdoors in the in the expansion in the amphitheater area the rotary glow pickle of all tournament it's going to be saturday march 28th we have an oceaneering um carpet event on saturday march 28th at foster part roughly 200 family members of of their company will be there uh the chamber the former's market will be this saturday at foster port and then one last one last thing as the leader of our department um i would like to thank cathrin um from me and our department for everything that she does uh her commitment to understanding all the departments uh that we have her time a lot of it away from her family and just to accuracy that's demanded in her job and we have so many moving parts in in our department uh in all the departments but she's been such a great asset for us and i think the city also well said thank you i agree completely any announcements from the council are the days here councilmember nyle um yeah uh healthy kids running series and youngsville uh registrations open right now um we do our races on sundays at foster park uh so that starts april 12th and it'll be the uh five weekends following that and then uh i just want to give a compliment to tim and his team um my guys we work out at the sports complex five days a week and we've noticed that like the from the grounds crew to maintenance like everything is looking absolutely amazing i know just outrunning like the the sidewalks are edged even at foster park the walking trails edged like the guys are doing a phenomenal job um it's noticed we've all noticed it so just wanted to give a uh you know shout out to them for the the great work that uh they're putting in out there thank you appreciate that anyone else like you sir yeah i was sort of thank all of our visitors and uh our residents for attending the youngsville mortgared operate it was uh other tremendous year's success i thought it was a nice fresh breath there to have father russo and the catholic diocese a part of that experience um honest it was kind of a humbling experience to have a sort of parade with a prayer um i wanted to thank uh crude as a me for you know our grand marshal that was a also also a treat um and then uh and the de cathana thank you for all your hard work that you've been putting in uh i can't tell you the amount of times that we have calls late at night and i still still see you here crank out the hours uh your hard work is paid off and it's it's greatly appreciated for everything you do for us and and uh in the city uh we did i was asked to put the the marie-grove crews that were the winners on the agenda i uh forgot as taley to to make the announcements on social media so those have been notified uh we did have a after action meeting as we do every year about marie-grove um that's a beast um it is sincerely it's a beast uh every year um i mean we rise to the occasion and it gets done um i think the challenge continues to be upon us to think about ways to continue to to uh to do it and to do it better um but i'm going to tell you it is extremely hard to scale a independent parade in a community of 20 to 21,000 that swells to nearly a hundred thousand people um so um certainly open to suggestions and ideas i'm very proud of um our marie-grove crews um you know 40th or 45th anniversary the 40th anniversary of the parade ideally what i would love to see is our two marie-grove crews even if it starts small and make a commitment to you know you filled one float great you know maybe have a second level of membership where you could fill you know maybe you can't be involved year-round but you want to have a membership to where you'd have a spot on a floater too um because we have figured a lot of things out in this city and we figured a lot of things out on how to do it well uh i still think that we have opportunity with marie-grove to make it a experience that we can all continue to love and all continue to enjoy so ideally in a perfect uh world uh you know given the opportunity i would love to see you know even if it's small like the crews start off small two three four you know floats uh could have coveted spots on those to sell memberships to or you know spots to and then you know in doing that we can maybe uh shrink the size of the independent parade to follow you know that parade and we can actually have hopefully a better structure with you know a crew a theme more orchestrated music you know more the things that we've come to expect and so i think i think we can do it i think we can figure out how to do it uh i'm just uh it's it is we have figured out a lot of great things here uh marie-grove is one that i need the communities help with so this is a call to the marie-grove crews to help lean in and see how you can um you know how impressive that we have marie-grove crews that have phenomenal balls so i think that the creativity of the crews are the are the are the are the are the missing ingredient here that we can lean into further so but anyway great after action meeting we have some great notes some great takeaways and as i mentioned earlier continuous improvements so we'll continue to make strides even to do it better so thanks marie-grove. uh Tim talked about a few of the events that i was gonna cover but i'm just gonna touch on them again because they're important farmers market this weekend please come out support we also have a a cadena animal aid that's gonna be out this weekend with some pets to adopt so if anybody's in the market to adopt a dog uh they will be out there this this weekend as well so um but one of the big things right now it's going on is the hop and shop that the chambers putting on so please go visit our local shops and local businesses more information is on the chambers facebook page um but this is an opportunity to go in and invest right back into our community by shopping with our local uh our local establishments also uh hope best it's a free event for the public so i encourage you to go out and support saint tomas mor and the options program um they all put on a a fabulous event uh so that is next Saturday the 21st uh also again pints and paddles by the rotary club that is on the 28th they still are accepting team registrations as well as sponsors so if you need any any any information please reach out to rotary club of young zill and also uh the extravaganza event there's going to be 50,000 easter eggs out that Saturday uh before easter out at the expansion so bring the kids bring the family let them go hunt for some easter eggs out on the baseball fields and happy easter everyone because we won't be here again before so great thank you hailey any other other announcements all right is there a motion to adjourn all right motion by councilmember ramera second by councilmember bull jano all in favor hi meeting adjourn have a great evening thank you for allowing us to serve