 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you All right, a good evening everyone. Welcome to Young's Will City Hall. It's June 11, 2026, the meeting for the City Council's call to order. I'd like to ask our mayor, pro-tim, Mr. Boljano, to lead us in an invocation and if Councilwoman Barres will do the pledge following that. Dear Heavenly Father, as leaders of our growing, leaders of our growing city, we are gathered here tonight asking for your guidance and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding, and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at the mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. God is in following your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands in the name of Jesus. We are on the rise of the United States, one nation, under God, and in the visible with liberty and justice for all. All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barres, here. Mr. Boljano, Mr. Romero, here. Mr. Nylon, here. Ms. Shampai, his accent tonight. Right, agenda item 3.1 is, let's see, approval of the May 14, 2026 meeting minutes. It's a motion by Councilman Barres, second by Ms. Boljano. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Okay, no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barres, yes, Mr. Boljano, Mr. Romero. Mr. Nylon. Ms. Gidry, I'm sure you're seeing a motion of motion approved. A agenda item 4.1 is approval of the Finance Report April 2026. Motion by Councilmember Romero is in a second by Councilmember Boljano. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment related to the finance report? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Armaro, Mr. Nyland, Ms. Bares, motion approved. All right, 5.1 is to designate the official journal for the City of Youngsoil for the fiscal year. 2026, 2027 is required by Revised Statute 43, colon 141A. And we did receive quotes from the Acadiana Advocate and also the daily advertiser. If you don't know currently, our official journal is the Acadiana Advocate. Is that correct? Yes. But both of the quotes are in your packet for review. Let's see, we weren't specifying a particular one. So, a quote, a Acadiana Advocate. All right, Argonne. Motion by Mr. Armaro for the Acadiana Advocate. Is there a second? All right, second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any council discussion? Any public input? This is for the official journal where we published meeting minutes and also bids things of that nature and legal requirements. All right, if there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Armaro. Yes. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Ms. Bares. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Motion approved. All right, 5.2. We have a request from Mr. Brian McLean, Request in a variance to section 130, dashed five, which is to waive the requirement of the minimum length, minimum depth, excuse me, 400 feet for commercial development, along major arterial districts for a couple of parcels, which is beginning with 602, 07, 3, 7, along the road and then 602, 07, 2, 3, and 6, 0, 2, 0, 7, 2, 8, along the Dayton road. And this would be an exchange for fire protection, improvements as negotiated by the mayor. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. Is there a second? I can. Okay. All right, I have second by Mr. Romero. Yes, Mr. Nyland. I don't think they're here, but is there any reason they can't? I guess do whatever they're trying to do while still staying within the 400 foot set back that we agreed upon? Sure. Well, let me address that in Mr. McLean's night here just because he had a, he had another engagement. I told him that I would be able to address that on his behalf. This particular, as you know, we did some modifications recently to the land use ordinance, basically just expanding a few additional areas where we are considering them to be major arterials. The premise behind that was for several reasons one was to encourage one day future commercial development. And that specifically was what we kind of honed in on in the conversations here. But in conversations with the developer, I shared with him that we have a very imminent need for increased fire protection south of Shimmy Metry. If we continue to grow south of Shimmy Metry, we are going to need additional resources for fire protection. So it was in that conversation that we offered a solution to where he could contribute towards a betterment fee towards, towards fire protection in lieu of saving space that may or may not ever become commercial development in the future. What there will be any kind of footage. Some is 200, some is 400. Would it be 200 instead of 400 or just nothing? They're doing some preliminary preliminary design right now. And so I don't know. I think we'll be having them come for their preliminary plaid in the next couple of months. I think the area is around the subdivisions that are already there. There's no footage at all at the front. There's no. The only area that the only property that is commercial today is areas marine on Giott. That's currently that's currently commercial today on either one either side that I'm trying to think down both streets. I don't I can't make sure maybe but I mean it's really. It's nursery for it's down. So if we approved that it would be there would be no requirements or a setback. Yes sir. That's correct. So just eliminates any commercial for future development then on that on that on that one that one of the source. Yes on that parcel. Which the total furniture on those roads. I'm sorry what's the question the total furniture of date on in the total furniture on Giott. Let's see I think we have I can pull it up it's not or maybe hailey if you want mine doing it. I'm just curious. They look about the same. It'll be about 60 70. I'll ask for any public comment maybe while we're waiting for that answer if there's any public comment relative to the request before the council. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. On Giott it's about 825 feet of frontage. Let me also add I mean they go ahead. I was going to say it on day time it's about 2,200 feet of frontage. But let me also share that while the agenda is noted as being requested by Brian McLean the property is still owned. This particular the first parcel is owned by Bill Barley. I had conversations with him. He was unaware that the property had been changed to be included in a different district. He looked at the Board's Hornet bill that's not a report. The first pass of this bill was again not a copy of because now he's stuck there. I was there what did he say there's been a pipes when floslow the taxiff issued before that. I also wanted to, it was my recommendation to work with them for something amicable that I thought would be suitable for all parties. Mr. Romero. Yeah. Oh, I know when we introduced his ordinance and we passed it, it was three years ago, four a year ago. It's been a while. I know it was more like a starting point. A lot of what was having an on shim and mettery, 92. And I feel like, I know we discussed that time, but we didn't add in the ordinance. It was really the major arteries is what we were more concerned about anything. Just saying that because I know it was part of that discussion. I feel like this is a, you know, somewhat a busy street. It's not a major artery in my opinion. Not a shim and mettery, not an Ibertan, you know, it was a highway, 92, bone, and shim and all that kind of stuff. So that's why I'm okay with it personally. Also, in the fact that there's nothing else in that either area that right now has that even 200 puts head back. I drove through there this morning. I didn't see you. So just my two cents. We should that. Mr. Niley. So I'll just piggyback off of that. I would say that the reason you're right, there is nothing out there right now. But if we pass this, then there is no potential for any commercial development in any of those areas with the residential homes being built. So we either want to focus on economic development and bring in businesses here. We just want to focus on residential. You can still have a residential lot by abiding by the 400 foot setback. So you can get both. That's my opinion. Okay. One of the things I want to bring out based on what you said, Councilor Romero, this is one of the few pieces that's left that DOTD still controls. Just like on 89, you had all that property that should have been commercial all those years. The problem is nobody wants to deal with DOTD for commercial driveway permit. That's the fact. So everywhere else when you actually own it, then you end up, it's a lot easier for us to work. We have no control over DOTD from a standpoint of driveway permits. It took, even for a subdivision, it takes them a little while, but nowhere near driveway permits and you are going to be limited. So on 800 feet, there's not going to be 10 of them. I can rest assured. They don't have any intention on even right-size in it to us to be able to give us the funding to at least six years, which is what the latest that they said. So we're not going to have control of that portion to be able to control any driveway permits to be able to get them fast tracked, a safe-ass tracked. We take a lot less time than DOTD. So just keep that in mind that you're going to be limited to driveway permits in that area as long as DOTDs in control, which is the whole reason why you had such a slowdown on highway 89 compared to everywhere else. 92 goes gangbusters because you were in control of that. Sherman, a matter of you're in control of that. So just keep that in mind. I'm all about economic development too. I just know from a standpoint on the permitting and how hard it is exactly why your highway 89 property has stayed dormant for so long. You're going to probably see a huge difference now that we have it. We've been under construction since the day that we took it over. But the amount of interest that we have seen has grown tremendously. And when we're going to be done with the construction, I think you're going to see something in that area that you would have never seen under DOTD control. Yeah. And I guess somebody who's familiar with our thinking about the aerial view of that property there, you're surrounded by mastery, wells landing, datant lakes. Frankly, when we did the modification to the land use ordinance, we cast a pretty wide net and changing some streets, frankly, without going pretty thoroughly parcel by parcel through the process. Because we're going to have more of these that come through not necessarily on this particular area, but I can think of a parcel on Iberia Street. That's Iberia Street by Randy Road. It is one that comes to mind that I know what the developer or the owner's intention is for it. So I don't think it's mutually exclusive. I think we can focus on more than one thing at a time. And I don't think that not having property next to neighborhoods reserved for commercial in this particular area is puts us at a disadvantage for economic development. Along Stimmmetary Parkway as an example, we have we've had numerous requests for residential development that we have not entertained whatsoever. In some cases, because they're close to the school board property, which where we have a tentative date for an announcement on the certified sites now. So yeah, I would just I would just offer that it's not mutually exclusive. We can do more than one thing at a time. Any public comment? All right. Let's see. There was a motion in a second. All right, misguidry, please call the roll. Mr. Fares? Yes. Mr. O'Losiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? No. Motion approved. 6.1 Resolution 2026-15. A resolution to adopt the 2025-2026 Minutes of Award or Pollution Prevention Plan for the Young's World Waste Water Treatment Facility, LPDES Permit, LA-0055328. Motion by Councilman Barres, second by Councilmember Bolgiano. Is there any council comment or question? Any public comment? All right. No public comment, misguidry, please call the roll. The vote. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Mr. Barres? Yes. Motion approved. 6.2 Resolution 2026-16. A resolution to the City of Young's World Duclaire Immovable Property of Surplus and further authorizing disposal and accordance with state law. All right. Thank you. Motion by Mr. Romero, second by Mr. Barres, any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? All right. Misguidry, please call the vote. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Mr. B<|br|> Giano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. 6.3 Resolution 2026-17. A resolution authorizing. The mayor of the City of Young's World Duclaire Immovable Committee of Accrediting for Law Enforcement Agencies. Also known as Calia, agency support program application. Would you like to address the council? You're on. Okay. Council, I appreciate you guys' time. We've been working with Brian's shoulders with Kallia to start the Kallia accreditation for the police department. This form that we're getting trying to get signed is a grant to pay for the first initial Kallia accreditation. They have to go in front of the board in July. People that don't know what Kallia accreditation is. It's accreditation for law enforcement agencies. We go through. They come evaluate all our policies, procedures, standards and everything and make sure we're by and by those standards and come evaluate the department. It also could help with numerous other things, could help with liability issues with the department. If God forbid, we'd ever get into a lawsuit or anything like that. Do they have any questions for you on this? Council member Nyland. How long does the process take? It can take between two and three years. And would you say that currently all of our policies are up to Kallia standards to where we would be good jumping in? If they were written to Kallia standards problem, our arrival, we have been tweaking them to help with the newer Kallia standards. So how do they have the policies been reviewed? And they're good at this point or are we still in a review process? When the review process, because the Kallia accreditation managers should come down and show us what we need to change in policy to tweak it to get to Kallia standards. So how long do you think it would take to get to the point where you have those in place to start this process? Because isn't there a cost associated with this as well? Yes, it's with the grants for. And it covers it 100%. It covers up 90% to 95%, which would be under $1,000 from what I've been told that would possibly have to come up the city's budget. That's the application. That's for the entirety of it. That's the full cost. Yes sir. Okay, from start to finish. It's kind of like the hospital accreditation that they have to do. I can't think of the name of the hospital accreditation, but kind of the same process. Yeah, joint commission. Mr. Marron. Yeah, Chief, what other departments of our size are also accredited by Kallia? The ones in Lafayette Parish, there's none really our size that are accredited. Lafayette Police Department, Lafayette Parish Sheriff's Office, Louisiana State Police. A lot of the larger agencies, but us being the second largest municipality in the Parish, I'd like to work to try to get us accredited as well. Okay. Mr. Nile. Who's the accreditation manager that's going to be leading the process? Sergeant Larry Hollins been helping with accreditation. He's been doing the accreditation manager slot. Okay, and he's got, I guess, experience in this. No, sir. The accreditation gentleman that for Kallia, Brian Childress has been helping Mr. Sergeant Hollins with this process step by step. Have you all done this mock assessment? Talent. I'm sorry, which question? There's a mock assessment from talent, a neighboring accrediting agencies that. No, sir, we haven't got that form of the process yet. Is that an extra cost? No, sir. It's covered in the cost of the grant. Chief, the application references that create police department. The where? C-R-E-T-E police department. I'm not sure what that. I'm not sure what that is either on there. Not familiar. It's on page 68 in the second paragraph. Who's building up the application? Who filled the application out? It was Sergeant Hollins, I think. Frank and Brian Childress from Kallia. Did Brian Childress hit the audio review of this application? Yes, sir. He said it's good to go once we get the signature. There's a quite a bit of a, quite a bit of grammatical errors. Just for a quick glassary. What are the pros and what are the negatives of the accreditation? The pros bring more transparency. Have the department Kallia credited shows it's where operating a higher standard than most departments. We have to have proof with these standards that were operating at these Kallia standards. Negatives, the minimum cost for a Kallia accreditation. That's all I want I can see for C. There is a cost every year thereafter though. Yes. Yes. What's that cost? Approximately 3000. Every two years. Every two years. The floor is open, Mr. Mileylin. If you'd like to comment. So if we don't meet the timeline and we have to file an extension, do we have to pay back any money from the grant because we did not meet as their stipulations with this grant that you're applying for. And if we don't get the grant, are you still going to go for the Kallia accreditation? I'll see where I can get the funds from. If we don't get the grant, but it's more likely we'll get the grant after speaking to Mr. Childers. And then are there any stipulations with the grant that if we don't meet this 36 month, 24 to 36 month mark that the money has to be paid back? No. That's my knowledge. We would just have to pay 50% of the total cost of the program for an extension. I'm assuming so I don't have the contract directly in front of me. How much if we don't get the grant as a program cost? About three to four thousand dollars. Initially. That's what yes. Like I said, I don't have the contract in front of me to start looking at stuff. I mean, I feel like that's kind of important to be able to have. I don't want to sign off on something just in good faith that we are going to get this grant. And then we don't. And then we go through it anyway. And then we're paying for it. It'd be nice to know whole numbers. Especially if we don't meet how much it's going to cost, you know? I can get that information for you. Maybe. Chief, you're saying worst case three, four thousand. Yes sir. Two years that we said. Yes sir. Catherine. Sorry to put you on spot. Assuming there's room in the YPD budget for three, four thousand or two thousand every year. It's budgeted. I mean, we didn't include it in this. No, but there's a little bit of operating expense left in the budget right now. I mean, we're coming up on the fiscal year at the end of the month. Have you put it in the new budget? Possibly. I'm not sure. Did I? No, I did not. Okay. This. The application says that we have a. A CEO in the city, but we do not have a CEO. And it also says that you're operating under a four year, a let it term as of December of 2026. Four year term as of when? As of December of 2026. After though, you talking about my term would be a four year term after the election. Yes sir. No, but it's yeah. I think it's stating you personally. Okay. So I'm just going to say just a quick Google search for one to 24 employees for a year. Like I said, it'd been nice to have like some actual numbers to look at. In case there is no grant, you know. What is the size of the department? 36 officers. Okay. Mr. I would just make a motion to table item until actual financials are showed with what true the process can be with this. We would actually be looking at on annual basis or by annual or the full accreditation process. All right. Let's take. Which one do I take? Let's take Mr. Nileans motion first, which was to table this item until there's more information presented. I'm going to take a second on his motion. All right. Is the second by Ms. Barra as any council discussion? Yeah. What is it debatable? Yeah. All right. Any comment related to the table? We welcome public comment at this time. Thank you. Yes, ma'am. Yes, please. If you were in mind giving us your name, I don't think I've met you yet, ma'am. I'm here. How are you, Ms. Holland? I'm great. Thank you. I just want to say a few words real quick. As a previous accreditation manager for a department, you want to hold your police department to a higher standard. Getting a clear certification does that. With these standards that the department has to meet is for the public to see. They have to meet these standards yet holding them into a higher category. Less mistakes. Hopefully. That's what you want. So as a former accreditation manager, this is great for the youngs to go police department. I've seen the sheriff office just received their triple crown. That's amazing. That is state recognized. As a small department, we would be recognized ourselves for getting this accreditation. That's all right. Well, Mrs. Holland, maybe. The cost also depends only if you have a jail. If you have, there's other factors into those costs also. Not just how many people you have working with. I have a question I'm thinking about it as since you are an accreditation manager. Less. Was okay. Is the purpose of Kalea to verify what you have in place? Are they here as a, is it an inspection tool that's coming to review what you have? Or are they coming in to assist you and building it together? They help you build together. They, you are also the Kalea sets standards. You have to provide proof that you are following these standards for the state for your department. Okay. It will, you will build a relationship with them and they will help you create certain forms. They will help you tweak certain forms to meet those standards. So I hope that answered your question. It does. If it doesn't. No, I'm, thank you. Okay. I appreciate it, Mrs. Holland. I don't know if I'm, I'm from a board's accurate. Mr. Voljana, do you have a comment? No, I'm okay. Okay, I'm Mr. Amerin. Yeah, I'll just say, I appreciate you coming up, Ms. Holland. Thank you. Thank you. I think if anything, and here's another popular comment, but I'll say it. I think right now our police department could use some positivity, some good accreditation, some good PR for that matter, what not. And I know so many different topics or items that over the last 12 years have been in front of us. Not too many of them have been said a no to or question too much when it comes to financial spending that is available within the department budget of YPD. Again, I'll go back to the money's there. This is something that the chief feels passionate about and wants to do. I feel as a council were verifying if funding is there for that. And if you're going to budget for it, so be it. I'll just say my, my, I don't think for me it's really about the, the budget per se. I think that over the last two terms. I feel like we made a lot of decisions. Literally coming into an election and leadership being changed and then it changes and then we get stuck with the aftermath and that's what's happened. And maybe I'm just being gun shy about it, but I mean the last two times we've been left with the remnants of a post a little bit official of whatever whatever was left or whoever's put that place and then we're left to deal with it all. If it changes or when it changes and I think right now going into it, this is almost a three year process. I would hate to make a decision and then got from there we changed leadership again and I've got to do this all over again. Or it's got to change hands like I don't you know that's just my own thought process behind it. The money side of it's pretty self explanatory from the grant side of things, but. I think that's just one matter that I think this is a lot of missing key factors and. Per the grant application I think that probably needs to get reviewed thoroughly because there's a lot of misinformation. Anyone else wishing to address the council. Yes sir. Good evening or Leverton. I hesitate to oppose anything that would improve the police department. As a former law enforcement officer I've been involving clear the accreditation process. I know that chair was involved in it. as I was have its Defenders association on the motive to the plead regional administration with Approach whom I would notice as well as rather than theluding council to comply with any prior investigations. I really do want to work on this too, and I will just go right away to this thank you all for joining me TCU and thank you all for your time. Sargent within the agency, the council, table did defer, did iodide, based on the fact that there wasn't an upcoming election, and they felt like that the timing was not appropriate. I would suggest the same in this case, I don't think we know I certainly don't. whether Cleo will grant the waiver and what dollar amount will that waiver be. What I do know is that when you get to a point in the process that there's an onsite, there is an additional cost for the onsite because it's based on your geographical location within the nation and what the assessors cost is to fly in. There are costs to put them up while they are here going through all of your policies. There are going to be some associated costs and I can tell you this from experience. For instance, if you're, I don't know what the evidence room looks like now, but I know that there are some very strict standards associated with evidence. For instance, money, drugs, guns, they all have to have additional levels of security. So the Sheriff's Office did spend a significant amount of budgeted funds in order to meet those standards to be approved. Once you initiate this process, then you've committed some taxpayer dollars to it and it's going to be difficult, I think, to turn back at that point. You've already committed some public dollars, so whatever issues that the police department may have that would limit their ability to comply with the standards is going to require another budget amendment. So again, I think that the clear process in and of itself is good. But based on what I've read doing similar Google searches is that once the mayor signs the request sounds like based on what the chief is stating the board, the commission will meet in July. I presume at some point soon after the July meeting, you'll get some response as to whether they approve or disapprove and probably in one amount, dollar amount. But then you have 60 days to initiate that contract and upon initiating the contract, 36 month time clock begins in order to finish it. And I reached out to Kalea to find out if there were a CEO change within the agency, does Kalea take into account the mere fact that there's a change of command? And is there any leniency in the 36 months and the answer is no? So I think again, I'll wrap up with, I believe it's just a question of timing and is this a good time to move forward. I appreciate your time and I appreciate the chief's effort. But I'm not sure that committing public funds at this point would be wise. Thank you. Okay. Anyone else wishing to address the council? We had a motion to table. Motion on a second to table. Comment on table. So misgid your please call the vote to table. Ms. Torres? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? No. Mr. Nguyen? Yes. Motion approved. Right, agenda item 7.1. It's ordinance number 5, 12, 20, 26 in ordinance of the city of Yung Zoolo, Louisiana, declaring intent to acquire full ownership of a movable property designated as 504 avenue A. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second by Mrs. Bara. Any council comment or question, any public comment or question? This is a piece of adjudicated property that we're just working to hopefully clear off the roles and get it back into commerce. We're seeing a lot of people that are interested in developing this part of our city. So I'd like to see if we've been cutting the grass on it for a long time. So I'd like to see it returned to commerce where possible and let someone from within the community hopefully purchase it. Any public comment? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Nguyen? Yes. Ms. Bara. Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. Right. 7.2. Ordinance 5. 13.2026 in ordinance of the city of Yung Zoolo, Louisiana, meaning the code of ordinances chapter 12 nuisances as it relates to operations and fines for construction or repairs. Motion by councilmember Romero. Second by councilmember Bolgiano. So open for council discussion. Any public comment? All right. I do want to share that there was a letter that was distributed to the council for public comments to make sure that you've all received it as a letter and opposition. All right. See if there's no additional public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nguyen? No. Ms. Bara. Yes. Motion approved. 7.2. Ordinance 5. 13.2026 in ordinance of the city of Yung Zoolo, Louisiana. Excuse me. 8.1. Ordinance 5.14. 2026. In ordinance of the city of Yung Zoolo, Louisiana, authorizing the city of Yung Zool to sell certain and movable surplus property located at 2.25 tall, Oaks Lane, Yung Zoolo, Louisiana, which is not needed for public purpose. This is very similar to what we are doing at 504 Avenue A. Motion by Councillor Romero, second by Councillor Romero Bara's, any council comment or discussion. This one's, this parcel is just a little bit further along in the process. All right. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nguyen? Yes. Mr. Bara's. Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Right. Also for introductions, agenda item 8.2, budget amendment ordinance 5.15. 2026. In ordinance of many, the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Yung Zoolo, Louisiana, for fiscal year 2526. Motion to. All right. Thank you. Motion by Councillor Romero. And a second by Councillor Romero, Volgiano. Any comments or questions from the council or the public? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Bara's. Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Nguyen? Yes. Motion approved. And finally for introduction is 8.3 budget ordinance 5.16. 2026. In ordinance adopting the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Yung Zoolo, Louisiana, for fiscal year 2026, 2027. Do you want to inform the public that on June 25th, 2026 at 6 p.m. will be having a meeting at City Hall to discuss and hopefully approve the budget for the new fiscal year which starts 2027. And copy the budget will be available at City Hall for inspection and believe the council is being provided with that tonight. So is there any public comment? Any council comment? Right. Here in none, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Nguyen? Yes. Ms. Bara's. Yes. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Marrow? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. We'll move into our announcements from our engineers. Let's see. Pam and then I'll invite Susan up to come brief us as well. Okay. Thank you, Mayor. We're working on the 9th phase 1A. We're still working with energy for the lighting in the median. And we did some additional striping and some additional painting to help reflectivity on the concrete portion of the roundabout phase 1B. We're working on drainage that's north of heart to form. And on phase 2, we are finalizing with utility companies so that we can move towards a 60% GMP and contract on the phase 2 portion of the project. Fortune Road was accepted, the roundabout, and the roadway extension was accepted last month. There was a few punch list items. Those will be finished tomorrow. Shime Agriabh on the eastern portion of the project. They started the asphalt work. They did binder yesterday. So they should be doing their wearing course soon. They also started milling overlay on the west side so that they can start that reconstruction on the west side next week. Left turn lanes phase 1. They have, they're in the process of dressing up and will be striping in the next two weeks. So we should be accepting that one phase 1 next month. Phase 2, we are at 60% plans working through utilities that's left hand lane onto a school street and onto Seattle. Larivier. They're more than 50% complete with the drainage on the west side. Everyone knows the east side was completed. And also the huge box culverts for Kool-Uli-Lisau have already been placed. We're anticipating a September October completion if we can get some weather like what we had this week. And May, I think some of our projects only had like five good working days in May with the rain. Press got round about is in review and we are working with the MPO with regards to getting that funding moved. Let's see. We're also currently working on some additional grants from our hazard mitigation plan. We're also working with the fire department on a grant for radios. And we're looking at some improvements along Shimemetter Parkway talking with the bear on that and finishing up our last piece of paperwork for the sidewalk grant that we were awarded for Highway 89 from new news to Hawk. Any questions for Pam but any of the projects that she just outlined? All right, Susan or Sarah or both of you. Okay on the wastewater plant, they, most of the reinforcing steel has been delivered to the site. They are forming up the headworks walls and plan to pour, start pouring walls next week. The SBR excavation and embankment should be finished Saturday, weather permitting. Then they should be able to put a lean working bottom probably around June 22nd is the plan. And then they'll start forming up the bottom and the walls. And the flow distribution box or the site piping is supposed to start probably in July. We are setting for the additional filter at the treatment plant. We are setting the pre-construction meeting hopefully in the next two weeks. Pum<|nn|> pump station upgrade and pump station five. We're just pretty much awaiting funding for those. For pump station one, which is on church street, they are supposed to be changing the impeller on one pump tomorrow. And then the other one is going to be worked on and completed probably in early July. For pump stations eight and 17, we've set the bid opening for July 14th. Perfect. Anything for Susan largely wastewater, wastewater. All right. Thank you, Susan. Appreciate it. Any announcements from the days? All right, Haley. Just a reminder that this Saturday is the farmers market. We've got some great vendors that are going to be out there, some new vendors, some vendors who haven't been with us in a while. The bearded food junkie will be out there serving up both breakfast and lunch. And then who ya is going to be out there doing coffee as well as snowballs. So come on out and spin your Saturday from any time from eight to noon with us. Get a jump on that Father's Day shopping. Also our Independence Day celebration is going to be at the Amphitheater on Friday, July 3rd from 5 to 9. The night's going to kick off with Acadiana's own DJ digital. And then end with another one of Acadiana's favorites, Mark Brusard. And then our large fire works display. So lawn chairs, blankets, it's all welcome. Just leave your eyes chest at home, please. We will have quite a few food trucks and obviously ball-tongued concessions that will be out there. Dancing with the stars is happening on July 18th, put on by the Chamber of Commerce. We have quite a wonderful lineup of the stars dancing for us this year. Both Councilman, Island and Ramero danced for us. And so we're looking forward to the lineup this year. So if you haven't attended, get your ticket, get a group together, get a table and come and watch these stars dance their little hearts out. There are sponsorships still available as well for that as well as for Independence Day. So please support either the City or the Chamber in these events. Also, I'm sure you've heard the news that little big town is coming to the Youngsville Amphitheater stage on Saturday, September 12th. Tickets are on sale, YoungsvilleSportscomplex.com. It's going to be a great evening. Family friendly, Grammy award-winning artists on the stage. So come out, get your tickets, come and see little big town. We will be announcing our opener at a later date. This one is not. Chair is welcome. You have to purchase a seat on the ground if you'd like a chair. But blankets are welcome for sitting out in general a mission on the grass berm. But yeah, come out. Again, YoungsvilleSportscomplex.com Saturday, September 12th, little big town. Thank you, Haley. All right, any final announcements from the desk? All right, I'll entertain a motion to adjourn. Motion adjourn. All right, thank you, Mr. Romero. Second, by Ms. Voljana. All in favor? Aye. All right, meeting adjourned. Have a great evening. Thank you so much. Yes, ma'am.