 you you you you you you you you you you you me by Council Member Romero, second by Council Member Boljano. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Okay, there's no public comment. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barres? Yes. Ms. Boljano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Ms. Shantneye. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. Agenda item 4.1 approval of June 2026 finance report. Motion by Council Member Barres. And a second by Council Member Romero. Is there any council comment? Any public comment or question? All right, Miss Gidry, please call the roll. Mr. Voljano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Ms. Shantneye. Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Motion approved. Preliminary plans for public hearing. In adoption, a gen item 5.1 is a request for preliminary plan approval of a boundary survey creating common areas 3A, 3B and 3C Sugarmobon phase 27 located section 12, T11S, R5E. Let's see. Council in your packet, Ms. Grange has got a letter that will review with you. And then also want to take a moment to acknowledge that the owner, representing the owner, Jordan Dable and Tread Trahan are here in the front row behind Ms. Grange. Pam? All right, thank you, Mayor. Council, what you have before you, there was a, we had Sugarmobon phase 27 and this was the common area originally for that. That's kind of commonly known as where the cottages area is. And it's our understanding that the owners would like, there's, again, it's all the same owner owns both cottages and of course, Sugarmobon from a standpoint of the HOA or however I might be saying, the verbiage wrong, please don't hold me against that against me. But they would like to be able to separate one common area into four and that's because some of it's going to be under the ownership of the Sugarmobon HOA and the other will be up on the ownership of whoever would own the rest of phase 27 commonly referred to as the cottages. That's my understanding. However, the reason you don't see whether we don't have a full recommendation is I don't have any of the legal information that shows that in order to be able to say, hey, you know, normally we have a preliminary plan that goes before you guys. Construction happens and then we do a final plan and the legal documentation comes in. This one it's already constructed. So the preliminary plan will go straight to final plan with that legal documentation, but I'm assuming that's what it's going to say. But what we want to make sure is that we know who's maintaining what, who still has the privilege and the ability to access because again, when you do common area, it has to be common to all everybody has to have access. I want to make sure that nobody is restricted access because that's not how it's done preliminary. So just to get that, that's what the first one, A, means I don't have a legal instrument that says how everything's divided, how they share it. Two of those areas that appears I believe is where we have some pipes that go into the detention pond. So I need to make sure that there's no issue with two different people. I don't want to sit on behalf of the city and have to entertain any disagreements if any ownership changes in the future between a pipe and a pipe being allowed to go in or out of a pond. Not saying that's the intent, saying that I want to make sure in the legal document that all of that is taken care of so that there are no issues in the future. So that's all we're asking here and there are some documentations that need to be, again, just our standard of things that they would need to do to make sure they have all of the easements, servitudes, identified, any of the other infrastructure that's already there be nice if now that it's been constructed, it'd be nice if that's there so someone knows that that's where it's at and who are the Jason property owners like any flat where we always ask that information and again we just have our standard language so if you have any questions I'd be happy to answer. Mr. Champagne. Thank you, Mayor. I don't have any questions for Pam but Mr. Daco would you trade mine getting up and explaining a little bit about what you're all doing in the areas. Sure, please. Good evening Mayor Council. Kind of what Pam said all of this was previously plotted as common area as part of the kind of rental community in face 27. What we're trying to do is all of it's going to remain common area but because we own the rental community some of the elements of the common area currently it's just one large parcel common area three but some of that is not attributable to the sugar mill HOA and the HOA should not have the maintenance obligation to maintain that. So if you look at your plat up along tide water way you'll see like a little square carved out right along the road for an inch that is what we're proposing the carve out. It would just be common area three a that's where the dumpster enclosure is located for the rental community. So we want to make sure that's a separate lot. It can be titled in the rental community's name so the maintenance and liability falls on the rental community and not the HOA. Similar to common area three B and three C there's two rectangular pieces in between the townhouse buildings at the bottom of the page. Here's our just breaks and buildings again more attributable to the rental community and not the sugar mopon HOA. It's going to remain common area all the easements that exist today are going to remain. We can show that on the plat certainly but we didn't feel like it was fair for the sugar mill HOA to need to maintain that or take liability for that. So it's still remaining common area but the intent is to create two separate lots that can be titled in the rental community's name and not the HOA. And then lastly is kind of that long rectangular strip just south of lots 20 through 34 similar line of thinking that is going to be a separate lot platted as common area three A or sorry three D. Same easements same everything applies to what's currently in place today but that five hoods triple allow us to have access to the fences make repairs to the back of the townhouses as needed takes the liability off the HOA and remains in the rental community. So all the common area that's there today remains there all the easements that are there are going to remain there. We're just trying to divvy up the boundary lines of the ownership is correct and the main of the obligations are correct. Mr. Dago how long will it really take you to get the legal documents to us on this plat? A couple of days. Okay. Yeah. Thank you ma'am. Yes ma'am. Any other council member? Great. Any public comment? Ma'am. I wanted to note that the large plat on your desk and theirs is a revised plat from what was distributed in the packets in the legal notice. So if you decide to adopt it it needs to be as amended to include 3D. Ma'am I would like to make a motion please. Yes ma'am. Make a motion to approve contingent upon special conditions and the legal documents being sent to us that shows ownership and maintenance so that there aren't any maintenance disagreements in the future on both the pond, the where the dumpster area is all the common area as well as the pipes leading into the pond and also on 3D. Okay. We can call it. For the second. I think we have a motion. I have a motion. I have a motion. I have a motion. Thank you. I have a motion. I have a motion. I have a motion. I have a motion. I'll call it. Including 3D. All right. Motion, by Councilman Champagne. Councilman Barraza. Second. It's open for Council discussion. I guess just to clarify Councilman we receive them. I mean, are you requesting that we do any type of review or vetting of them? I mean, we can receive them and record them with the plat. contingent on these special agreements. Okay. With our emotion to pay us it. When we get that legal document. I got you. Okay. contingent upon that. Okay. I'll uh, find with me. All right. Any council comment. And again, any public comment. All right. There's no comment. Miss Kajra please call the vote. Mr. Boziano? Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Island. Yes. Yes. Miss Baran. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Other business agenda item 6.1. Mr. Wilkadeys here. And he would like to announce this candidacy for the 15th JDC District Court Judge Division. I. Mr. Katie. Welcome again, sir. Good evening, Mayor. I'm in the women of the council. Thank you all for your civic duty. My name is Wilkadeys. I'm chief. Thank you. My name is Wilkadeys. I'm from Lafayette. I grew up here. I came back here to raise my family. This is where I'm from. This is where I live. Right now I'm just right over the other side of Ambassador in the Bruce Art area. I'm running for District Court Judge Division I. That's Tommy Deplache who's served more than 33 years. Wonderful on the court. He's left a wonderful legacy and I hope to maintain that as your judge. I want you to know that I think the title of judges is honorary. I'm not as honorary but it's also just another job to help the people. I'm here as a public servant. If I become your judge I want to be accessible by the community as much as possible. I certainly would respect the people who come in front of me. I'll listen to them and I'll make sure that I give great difference to both sides and apply the laws as it is. I don't want to take up much more your time. I just want to thank you all for inviting me here and I appreciate your time. Thank you, Mr. Katie, and best of luck to you in the upcoming elections. November 3rd. All right. Thank you, sir. And I didn't see David Wei here, but we do know, okay, well then we'll move on to the next item and pass over 6.2. All right, 6.3 is a bid review for the 2026, 2028 roadway striping. We got the bids back this week. That's the project we've been talking about for a little while and like Pam to review it with you. I think we had the bids on your desk. Yes. All right. Thank you, Mayor. Yes, we took bids on Tuesday, August 11th. And this is for striping for three years. We had we had year one striping in there. And then the contractor can do a mobilization. We asked for mobilization and for traffic control to come back. But the per linear foot price is going to be there for three years. Our engineers estimate for the year one work was 195,000 and we had a low bid of 139,000. We had a high bid of 1.1 million. But we recommend taking accepting the low bid. We also usually tell you to set aside for the three years for any inspection materials testing 25,000. But also recommend since we had our engineers estimate at 195 that was pretty much what we were budgeting for that. In case there are some additional striping that you would like to do in your year one. And then recommend year two, year three, you budget for what you want at the associated prices that you've received. Any questions? Motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Mr. Volgiana. Yeah. What was the reason for such the large discrepancy in the, I mean, I didn't know if it was just cost materials. Or have we used highway graphics policy before in young school? They have been a sub, a sub to some of our roadway contractors. So they've been a sub. I've never personally worked with the second company. One of their big things was their just their mobilization alone was 120 something thousand. I've never even seen a mobilization like that even when we have our roadway work. And they're pretty close compared to what's interesting. Yeah. So you, I don't think you would be doing three years just to get somebody here with a striping equipment. But a lot of their stuff was a lot more expensive. I think a linear foot you, you know, 85 cents with one $13 for another. So I think that's a lot of things that I've never, I've never seen a striping equipment. I've never never in the history of any projects I've ever done seen striping that high. So even with all the different contractors I've worked with. So I'm not sure. I don't know if somebody. I don't know. So it's always. That was just that was new one on me. I've never seen a project. Have that. Have a cost and striping. So. For your benefit and for the public benefit, this is largely. Shim and matter. Excuse me, face to, which is from Giat to VLA road. It's that area. It's some additional cross walks in the community. And the biggest change. We're going to refresh them up the bikes, the bike lanes. And then we're also as part of this. I'm going to do turning lanes at Southside High School. To be able to queue cars there to aid with school traffic. And on the sidewalk in order to be able to turn left on to oceans. So right now that's kind of scratched out. But to be able to turn on to oceans. And then in these wide openings. Where we have enough for three lanes. Oceans on the sidewalk and Paul free on to Bonnet. We have room that we need a left turn. We are finding people have people are backed up because there isn't enough for you know everybody. Even left or right there all behind each other. So we are striping lanes in areas where we have wide enough for that. Mr. Mayor. We're just told my striping. Are they coming back through on 92 with the addition of all the turning lanes. In fret refreshing up. Like the in between areas. Yeah, because you know it's kind of. Yeah, well, the only the only area that we have. That is in the works at this moment is the patch area by near Romero Street. Romero Street on a various street. But I agree with you. And I think once we start once we start once you see the impact of striping. That's why we asked for a three year price. So that way we could. Because I completely agree. I think. So that's not in the road. If you were asking for if that was in the roadway contract. That wasn't on the left in the turn lane contract. But that can be added to this contract. So that's what I think. Yeah. All right. Is there any public comment any any questions prior to awarding the bid? All right. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. We had another bit opening. And that's a genitum 6.4 for pump station upgrades at eight and 17. We received seven bids. The lowest of which was 809,512 dollars. The range went up to 1.1 million. We recommend a war to the low bidder. Any council comments? These are the ones that we're going to be doing. We're going to be doing a lot of work. We're going to be doing a lot of work. We're going to be doing a lot of work. We're going to be doing a lot of work. We're going to be doing a lot of work. We're going to be doing a lot of work. For values that you're trying to condemn yourself in that direction, what will leads to things powder when that person goes to the twitch store. They're going to anticipate this. Hopefully how much of those total comments. These are two bid, two upgrades that we anticipated that are going to. Working conjunction with the upgrades at the new wastewater treatment plant. So a lot of work happening there. All right. The motion by Mayor, for our tenро. Council? comment. No. Okay. All right. Thank you. Please call the vote. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Miss Barrett. Yes. Mr. Bojano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you, Susan. It's a great to see seven bitters. That's really exciting. All right. The agenda item 6.5. We have a request to omit the installation of a sidewalk along 4,900 Deacon Road. The property on Mr. Drake Bojano is here this evening and I think he just has a dirt pad there today, but it was in the reviewers comments that there would be a sidewalk that is installed in that area. This is part of the what is planted as the Hildago Farms subdivision. If you will, I think there's maybe five or six lots there. This is the third house that's constructed in that particular area. Councilmember Nyland. Motion approved. All right. Motion. Councilmember Nyland. Is there a second? All right. Second by Councilwoman Champagne. Any council, additional council comment or question? Yes. Sir. No. Mr. Bojano. I guess Mayor Pam to the 30-all slightly. Do we, have we remembered that there's any other variances that were asked for for these lots in the past to not put a sidewalk? I did not review the first two house plants. I know the first two were built in Ontario, but I don't have a recall having anybody asked for a variance with sidewalk. I'm just trying to yeah as this continues to develop and then as the Baylor grow development will eventually develop in years to come not to mention down sidewalk, just one connectivity as that becomes a problem, we're going to have no connectivity to that area. In the future if someone doesn't live there, then they're going to have a house in the sidewalk to have connectivity for a I know it's a short section, but we may have to follow up with the other two owners and ask those questions. Yeah, I'm happy to have the plan. I mean there are two relatively new houses and we can pull the plans to see if it was indicated on the on the house plans. This is a little bit of an anomaly for we have a few pockets like this that are throughout the city. VLA, Deacon and I agree with Pam that based on the reviewer for some reason, I think these outlying areas it may have been easier to overlook depending upon who the reviewer was. We'll share with you that in giving sidewalk variances before we've set through many meetings, largely really at a development stage and they always seem like they're out in the middle of nowhere for a while, you know, until they're not. Now of course that entire development across the street still has to be, will still be developed. You know, we've had preliminary conversations about that. I mean so I've support your decision, you know, which either way you want to go, I know we will have to get across the street, right? You know, as that gets developed, but to answer your question, I mean I'll go back and see because if according to the plan they should be there. Yeah, because I'm just thinking if we if we grant a variance today and the other two never ask for one, then there's nobody go back and recommend or force them to put a sidewalk which eliminates all connectivity, which is kind of what we're trying to do throughout the community, kind of counterintuitive. I mean that's a legal question with regards to our board. I guess what I guess what I would say is if we if we didn't force them to put two sidewalks in where they never ask for a variance and we're granting a variance where he doesn't have to put one, then they would really be out them out. Then there's two sidewalks. Correct. If you give a variance then it would be hard for you to ask the others to do it, but if you don't give a variance, then you need to request the other two to meet the applicable code if they didn't have a variance. It's still required. Okay. Mr. Gailin was the was the does sidewalk just that was that a budgetary return or you just didn't want one just for this year not not needing it not wanting it. Would you would your mind coming up? It's Mr. Budgeois. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah Gailin Morales is with the home builder. Yeah good evening guys. Yeah yeah no more just doesn't go anywhere. One side of the property goes to go to a fence the other side it's just empty lunch right now on the other part with other lots inside that same development don't have one you go down the road on Deacon, the larger houses down the street close to Savoy, don't have one so just be kind of an anomaly. Yeah no no I completely understand where you're coming from. Unfortunately you're just one of the first few houses that are built down there so to you it makes no sense but whoever builds first is now going to sit the standard for the future to come. So if so when anybody else comes and they build then I would just ask you I'll take a look at the entire scope of Deacon. Oh no yeah no right well that road in the future is going to be widened I know right now it seems like it's kind of pointless and seems like it's narrow but as that becomes a beautified area of the community and it is the city limits that's going to be widened stretched out but then we have no connectivity so just trying to try to come the terms where we you know yeah where we grant one that it becomes a grant file that everyone's got to be granted and then let's say you move it 10 years from now the new owners complain when saw walks like activity it's because we'll get one one back then yeah now we can't force it so I get I get it I know you're coming from it seems narrow does it seem yeah seems pointless I get it no yeah absolutely and then also I'll ask to on your review processes if plots are reviewed preliminary and the ordinance states development should have that in there there should probably be there from the gig right so just what you're referring because it's not there now yes yeah I mean if I was to be able to yeah I get it if I was there now reviewed it I'm sure I would have called it but I'm not there but I understand no I'm just asking you know I think the ordinance reads developer right yeah would do that so just bring that to the ordinance is all for yeah I mean we can and council district for future reference and we can what we can do as y'all as y'all directors too in there I mean a lot typically we'll have the developer do in front of any common areas where there won't be a home construction prior to final platt and then the homes we've we've left it to the the home builder but I mean we'll follow your you know preference prior to any future final platt as you desire give questions to me how far long are you with the property we're currently in the planning stage so yeah they started doing the dirt work kind of clean up pads yeah access right away so you got a little ways to go tell the sidewalk comes into play I mean I wouldn't be opposed to the variance because looking at the house next to you the fence obviously is right up to the ditch you go down about another sugar cane farmer and you have to see my mansions that one has a gate you're like I'm able to get a sidewalk there but I really wouldn't I would also need to maybe table in it to review those other plattes to see what happened there and then maybe we can revisit this depending on that and they make a decision make a decision based on the development was it approved without sidewalk and if so then you know we have to just you know deal with it for me or was it overlooked I just respect but I don't want to entertain another homeowner ask me for a variance and this exact same development if we're going to keep rehashing the same conversation because the next time somebody wants to build we're going to do the solver again and it's it's clear as day that the sidewalk is required but we missed the opportunity it's for the last two so maybe it's we table it there's a couple more that there's two built there and then your pads going up and there's there's another lot or two yeah there's six and in the four forms development yes sir and then nothing down the street maybe the what you were referring to they had recently in the last two years of large I don't know how many thousand square footer house right that that fences up to the road as well yes so it's just a couple examples I would say that that don't have this sidewalk fronting the road in the same case so you've run out of the house in the corner shimmered agreeable and uh deacon the the large room with the brown direction towards the board oh the other corner sorry yes there if I could I would like to comment one thing about why a developer we don't have them do it when they're doing is that if houses aren't built and it's not in the common area trust me all the as the house is being built they're just going to break this sidewalk and then you still have to go on to the homeowner to ask them to fix the sidewalk anyway um I mean even our our own sidewalk our own path that we did to sugar mill pond has had to be replaced as they built out phase 20 of sugar mill pond and then because of the fact that they had to break it out to do different things and do and and where the driveways are so if we don't know where people's driveways are going to be on those six you're still cutting out the driveway right heart you're still and again as they're bringing in all materials I have yet to ever see that somebody's going to be able to go on something with sidewalks and not break it so if you did make the developer do it then you would have to have the developer warranty it until the last house is sold because otherwise you you would be replacing the sidewalks or even the homeowner that's the reason why we say the common areas because in front of the common areas nobody's going in and building but if it's non-community it's up to the individual homeowner to do it unless they they're they're willing they can work something out with the developer to say hey you pay for the sidewalk in front of my house if that's something that they would like to do or it's something that we would have to require the developer to come and do after the house because I really don't I know public works does not have time to maintain sidewalks during all of these houses construction that would just be a nightmare miss miss an island would it be possible to just right now just say we make a variance for all of those lots right there to not have to worry about a sidewalk since they will literally never go anywhere even if it's developed it's it's just going to be 800 feet of sidewalk to nowhere except for the houses that are right there so it's just it's kind of like that neighborhood that was just built by the Cajun mansion there's literally a sidewalk that goes along the neighborhood and just ends at it coolly so it goes nowhere nobody's ever going to use that sidewalk but we have all this cement that runs along the neighborhood for literal no reason other than the fact that we had an ordinance that because they developed they had to have a sidewalk but it goes nowhere this is kind of the same thing here it's it's pointless to have a sidewalk right there like I looked at the arrow view and I looked at everything around there and even if it's developed across the street a sidewalk on his side of the street does nothing to help a development on the other side of the street it uh I don't know it seems silly to me and a waste of money and resources to uh to do that yeah I would think as one goes they you should consider the same application for all far across the board I mean since there's only six lots there's six or eight hundred feet yeah so is that is that emotion yeah I'll put a motion the grand aberrance to all those lots well it we if that's probably do that I mean is it a mid motion yeah yeah or you did withdraw your motion what I would recommend to make a substitute motion but those want lots on the public right you can't ask and we can't open the agenda I mean you could put it on the next agenda all those lots to whatever this decision is I'm just trying to be I thought I'm against it or important yeah I'm not sure we're because I could be a homeowner that wasn't notified that's well you you guys have you guys have lots of options I mean he's just in the pad stage now so I mean we if you want to look at the development is in its entirety I mean I think that's a reasonable you know decision to make I mean if you I'm happy to get those other plans pulled whatever whatever y'all like you know first to do I don't want to I certainly don't want to delay you but I yeah I appreciate it looks like you have a little bit of time yeah we have a little bit of time we're trying to start production I mean the bill is here you can kind of stay when we're trying to get into actual production start framing everything but in terms of like getting alone from the bank and getting everything on the time and like clonicking perspective we are already on the on the clock to get started yes sir I got you so so sounds like you'd prefer decision well if it's up to you but but yes sir I mean also from a budgetary perspective we're in the planning stage of like signing plan with finance this week I got you with the builder so if I do have to go for maybe 15 20,000 wherever it is for the sidewalk I have to then reduce plans for the actual house to then compensate for that so I can't execute with him until I kind of know they outcome here sure sure okay well okay all right so we're in the public we already had a motion second on on the one house all right is there any additional public comment relative to a waving a meeting the sidewalk for 4900 Deacon all right if there's you sir the only other thing that I was going to say is that regardless of the vote if I believe at this point we're held on the building permit so we can't we can't start construction even if we table this yeah or a later vote yeah so if you guys do both the the request would be could we move forward with the building permit yes yes we'll work that out with you all right yeah there's no public no other public comment so the the motion second is to omit the variant our mid-to-side walk at 4900 Deacon all right and then we can we'll based on your decision we can look at the others at another time if you buy all right miss Ketry yes yes Mr. Volgiano no Mr. Emerald yes Mr. Nino yes motion approved all right thank you guys we'll we'll as soon as you're ready for that permit I'm sure we'll yeah nothing will be held okay thank you all right agenda seven point run is resolution 2026 20 resolution of the city of Youngsoil authorizing signatures for bank authorization cards and other financial matters motion by councilman Shampon in a second by councilmember Romero all right this is a simple just housekeeping and acknowledgement of Catherine's married name so all right any public comment all right there's no public comment in the schedule please call the vote yes Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Emerald yes Mr. Nino yes yes yes resolution number 2026 21 a resolution of the city of Youngsoil adopting the Lafayette parish hazard is hazard mitigation plan for 2026 all right there's a motion by councilman Shampon and a second mayor pro-tem Volgiano any council comments or question any public comment all right there's no public comment on the resolution please call the vote Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Emerald yes Mr. Meyra yes yes yes motion please genitum 7.3 is resolution 2026 22 a resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute four and on behalf of the city of Youngsoil of the parish of Lafayette Louisiana active substantial completion from Glen Lajje construction LLC pertaining to the completion of a contract for the long-lane road extension also known as south east west connector shaman agriab roadway improvements project motion by councilman Shampon second by councilmember Volgiano any council comment or question any public comment all right this project is this what it was intended to do if you notice I had a comment about why the middle part was left undone that was intentional because we were saving that second the middle part for a future phase we did acquire some of the necessary right away and having made I had some initial conversations for the remaining of the right away but we were just waiting till we get the next round of finding to really make any more significant progress there all right there's no no comment misgideer please call the vote on acceptance Mr. Emerald yes Mr. Neyland yes yes Mr. Volgiano yes motion approved genitum 7.4 resolution 2026 23 a resolution of the city of Youngsoil declaring various equipment from the Youngsoil Police Department of surplus property and authorizing the donation of said equipment to the sunset police department in accordance with Louisiana Revised Statute 38 23 19 21 all right motion by mr. Romero second by miss Shampon any council comment or question any public comment all right there's no comment misgideer please call the vote mr. Neyland yes yes yes Mr. Romero yes motion approved okay genitum 8.1 ordinance 517 2026 in ordinance of the city of Youngsoil Louisiana I'm meaning the code of ordinances chapter 130 land use regulations as it relates to regulations of gas stations okay motion by councilmember Volgiano second by councilmember Romero guys look through it if you have any questions on it feel free to give them this is something that mr. Volgiano had asked us to look at in a Nicole and I and with the input of mr. Volgiano also reached out to two of our existing gas station owners gas station owners and the goal here is simply to create some minimum standards for future gas stations today we have four gas stations that are either in construction or plan approval so we took a look at some good best practices hailey and I recently traveled out of town and we we enjoyed going to one town in particular to kind of get some ideas and Nicole's done some research and and again Lindy you know added a lot there as well so you know it's just for introduction and you know with your approval this evening we would bring it back at a future date for adoption uh council i think i may have mentioned some of this to y'all if not if most of it but uh my i guess motive a mission behind this ordinance kind of a little bit of redoing it was essentially just to kind of continue to have well-rounded businesses and gas stations being built in the city of Youngsoil um i didn't want them to be kind of overlapping over each other i find it went to kind of be like the they will mean of Mexican restaurants and core washes have been i don't want us to become that uh in this great community so i wanted to see quality gas stations being built while still reserved in the right for free and in prison and business owners to to do business here which we welcome that uh but i want to do that um officially and improperly sudden wants to have two-thirds gas stations within 500 yards of each other they're going to be spaced out and with uh high standards so i think uh Nicole you know did a really good job with the mayor kind of pieced this together to what i was hoping to accomplish all right thank you sir any other council comment all right any public comment all right there's no public comment misgidry please call the vote for introduction miss barris yes just a volgiano yes just a maro yes mr. nylon yes misshaulpine yes motion approved all right uh let's see would uh Susan or Sarah you don't want to come up to present and then we'll hear from Pam and then we'll we'll uh entertain comments from the uh from the days if any of you have any sorry um the wastewater treatment plant upgrade um it's progressing the ptu upper walls are being formed and should be complete by the end of August the crew will begin the flow distribution box and site piping after they complete the ptu and the sbr bottom has been poured and they are forming up the walls for the concrete pours the water treatment plant filter addition is in progress delivery of the filters expected in February 2027 and it should be complete by May 2nd of 2026 or 2027 um the sugar melt pond pump station upgrade is um to run a parallel force main to serve the growth of sugar melt pond and we are working on plans and awaiting gas line letter of no objection and funding pump station number five entails uh pump station on the youngsville highway across from new news to handle sewer flow from new developments in the area we've received the LDH permit and are preparing final documents to bid this project and awaiting funding the pump station upgrade for the wastewater treatment plant uh the bid was awarded tonight for to upgrade pump stations eight and seventeen they're necessary to increase uh due to the increase of head conditions posed by the upgrade of the wastewater treatment plant the contract documents will be executed and the pre-construction meeting will be scheduled and the contract time for that is 180 days. Anything any questions about wastewater or water? All right thank you, sir you can definitely along railroad street you can really take note of the of the um a lot of concrete and a lot of rebar going on over there so some big big changes so all right thank you ladies Pam. Sure all right on highway 89 phase 1A we are working with uh energy on getting the locations for the conduits to be run for the lighting that we're going to put on 1B I'm sure you've noticed they started the actual work all the drainage is done and they started doing the um the base work on that for that particular phase phase 2 we are 60% complete with plans work we've already gotten one price from the contractor but we're working on utility relocations there is um on phase 2 we do have to work with delta utilities the gas company they've been very good they've already got their plans designed we met with them today because they have relocations for um phase 2 the guy did say that he's got a contractor available they're going to get started pretty quickly so if you see work going on that's the gas relocation we need in order to be able to move forward with phase 2 um we also have a to relocate a portion uh as well for the left turn lane that we're trying to do for school street so one of the reasons we haven't submitted final plans on that one they're done but we've been working with utility companies on any utility relocates and the same thing with regards to highway 92 and Prescott there is a portion of that same gas line so delta already has what already showed us what they need to do and they are where you need to get them some easement documents so that they can but their whole goal is to take it out the right way put it in the easement that we have we believe there's utility easement there we have a water line there so we believe that's probably there but we did meet with them to go over each one of the projects but phase 2 of 89 is designed by them so they will start that construction pretty soon um on the highway 92 Prescott that's 90% complete like said working on the utility relocations first to get that out the way so that we have uh we can finish our plans um the left turn lane phase 1 um I don't know if you guys see but we've noticed that there's they've helped tremendously especially uh with the route about now I didn't go out there with school that you know just starting but next week I will be out there to see how it is but we have seen some improvement on highway 89 due to the left turn I mean on 92 due to the left turns we are you notice they're working on some of the drainage work between Park Bonnet and Maxi do y'all road um in that basically doing the ditch work there and then we still have some truncated domes that we're going to put in the curve because despite public works putting left no left turn despite putting the island it is amazing how people in this city will still make a left hand turn there and people will still come out take a right and then make a left hand turn so we're going to put some truncated domes in the center and and uh to make it hard for that behavior uh Pamela quick can we while we're at it is there where we can add any excuse me on east Milton um approach than the veterans run about because the accidents that were near misses right now the ticket left into the opposite lane into Rasa's parking lot against flow traffic how the dividers see this supposed to be a right turn lane in or right turn lane out they're turning left right past uh so that same island people turn the same exact thing right there but they're oh I mean just come into the meeting today I mean there was a sheer accident she like she will miss about a split second but it was about to be a t-bone because she backed up traffic all the way to the other run about trying to take a left hand turn versus just yeah turning by El Paso or going around the run bomb yeah we were we were Terry and I have been discussing that and we uh I think that that island there would need to be rebuilt probably at this point um we have some work planned in that area to close in the ditch in front of CVS um as well and um about I I don't disagree I think that a car taking a left there um it shouldn't be happening so I mean I'm fine with it I mean it's it's uh it's just center center lane domes to make it more difficult to take a light I mean you have to really be intentional yeah it'll still happen but you can still drive over it's just not comfortable I'm sorry are we coloring like painting the island um we weren't planning to now but no stick out I guess there are some there are there reflectors we do have some reflectors we have some more reflectors that are coming the reflectors aren't there yet they when they striped they didn't they weren't they didn't have enough reflectors didn't have the reflectors so they're sorry so we do have reflectors coming as well as the truncated domes the reflectors will help to illuminate it um without it being um like the colored concrete is a lot more expensive than the regular yeah there it is more expensive and it is a small job for the colored concrete um but you can and uh we didn't want to paint it because then that becomes the public work you know it's a lot of keep but it's a lot easier to upkeep with striping and illuminate knit with the reflectors and then just to keep that and and as well and you know and we know the police department's been enforcing it so you know and and and catching many people you know making the left hand turn so what we need is for people to obey traffic laws that would that would help without us having to have you know we do have sign orders we're trying not to put all these sides we have all the signs that you need but I'm not quite sure how many more signs yeah the jobs that this particular project still still open yeah still waiting on their reflectors and stuff uh always gonna echo Pam to say the last I was gonna to echo uh PD has been enforcing that exact intersection that I watched some single handling uh right like I think 11 tickets within an hour and they I mean they were writing wine while someone did it right in front of them so it's not they're just not oblivious the internal purpose it's intentional but it's gonna cost us a serious bodily injury when they can do that yeah yeah yeah um you you talked about striping there's been so complaints about this uh splotches and not all the turning lanes everywhere uh like not it there's a lot of uh paint dragged out everywhere oh okay not not clean I guess I don't know are they coming back to scrape that up or is it well then we come and plus we well it's not good I mean we still have a punch list items that will do we haven't done a final walkthrough so it's all gonna be taking care of yes but they are coming back to do the remaining work they have and so we will make sure that including the bunch of like three times to me that's okay yeah no no problem um La Rivier road I'm sure most of you know that from Hillridge to Shaman Metery Parkway that is open they just need to do the last lift of asphalt in that section um we still have to do the cross-strain or they have to do the cross-strain slash bridge that is closest to Highland Ridge um as well as the roadway work to the west side so hopefully by um you know we were hoping for end of September September October is what the hope is that they will be able to whether permitting be able to be substantially complete of course Shaman Agriop that's in their lean period as we accepted that um and then the striping that we accepted today we are going to start with the striping near Arca School to get that done to be able to help with the traffic flow flow of school and Paul free um I'd like for them to do the smaller thing and then go down to uh Shaman Metery and uh do all of that because that'll take a little bit so that's the order in which we're trying to to do the work right thanks Pam. Okay. Chief. Appreciate you guys time tonight I just want to introduce one of the new officers Mr. Glenn Rice if you want to come up. They had uh Glenn's been in law enforcement for nine years comes to us from the Sheriff's Office he's also retard military he is the newest SRO for a Youngestville Middle School. Thank you welcome aboard Glenn appreciate you guys. And a Youngestville resident too. Yep. So and a Youngestville resident as well. Welcome aboard. Any other announcements from the days okay I'd like to give that Haley will give our update. Sorry. Okay uh just a reminder each sweet restaurant week is going on currently through the end of the month if you haven't picked up your passport you can do so at any participating restaurant we have uh 38 restaurants that are participating lots of deals and specials from these restaurants. At the end of the month you could turn your passport in if you've visited 20 or more you get entered into the grand prize drawing we have two grand prizes the first is a complimentary night stay at Cypress by you Casino Hotel along with the $400 Mr. Lester's gift card the second is a VIP table for two to the little big town concert and if you do 10 restaurants or more but less than 20 you could also be entered into a secondary prize drawing we have gift cards that we've collected from all the participating restaurants and we divvy divvy them up into prize packs of about a hundred dollars worth of gift cards in each prize pack so lots of great prizes to win so please get out support our local restaurants during the slower time of year and eat sweet all the details can be found on each sweet youngsville.com so get out there and get your passport stamped. Second on that note a little big town is playing the Youngsville Ampitheater stage on Saturday September 12th please get your tickets come and enjoy a great night of live music we also just announced that Kylie Fry who is a native of Opalusus will be joining the lineup to open for a little big town she's got tons of hits and is playing in Nashville currently she actually just recorded and released a song with the famous Reba McIntyre so she should put on a wonderful show and again it's a little taste of a Kadyanna and opening for Kylie is actually a Youngsville business owner thealissy who just came off of her win for judges choice for dancing with the stars for the chamber so Thia is an incredible talent she has also played many different stages in Nashville and has toured internationally so it's going to be a great night of live music so even if you're not a fan of little big town or country music if you just enjoy seeing a good live music show this is the place to be on Saturday September 12th Youngsville Sports Complex.com for your tickets and finally we have coffee and keynotes for the Chamber of Commerce that's taken place on Thursday August 27th it is sponsored by the Rotary Club of Youngsville this month we have or for this coffee and keynotes session we have Mark Muton with Lida that's going to be talking about small businesses and growth and ways to for small businesses to really be economic forces in in the communities that they serve so if you are interested breakfast and coffee is included sign up on the Youngsville Chamber website you should be able to find a link to the event and be able to come and enjoy coffee keynotes and some fabulous networking. Thank you Haley and and thank you for for all the effort you're putting in to help the restaurants I've talked to quite a few of the restaurant workers and owners and it's noticed a once the biggest year yet so thank you the participation has been great very proud of your efforts there. Haley and I did attend in Catherine the for part of the visit of the Louisiana Municipal Association conference was held in Monroe last week and it's always great to network with with other you know elected officials people that are in the industry and other mayors you know hearing about some of the challenges that they have and sharing best practices but we we did come home with didn't bring it down but we did it'll be in the lobby here we did come home with an honorable mention in for community achievement in basic services and it was for the South La Riviera road reconstruction and resiliency project so very proud of that project. I know it's it's the end is in near or is near if you haven't been down it come come up through Highland Ridge you know maybe from Almanaster and then you can take a ride and you can exit at Shimmie Metter you can really get a great feel for the the width being increased six feet it's not final there's still more asphalt that needs to happen but the drainage being closed the the curving it's a it's a it's a great project and this is also kind of great because it's it's a it is a drainage improvement project too and I'm sure everybody realizes 10 year anniversary of the of the 2016 storm event so this is one of those projects we've been planning in a long time once we shifted kind of got out of structure flooding and started looking at ways we can improve keeping water minimizing water on roads even where roads cross floodways so so that's excited to have that project wrapping up and then you know well documented what's what happened with drainage but I do want to share that we are in the property acquisition phase for the Louisiana watershed initiative we did we do have a hundred percent paid grant to construct about a 20 acre pond in a you know large a large part of its floodway farmland and that's going to be on the Anzlem Kool-A-Yaw recall that three main drains if you've been through leadership you know three main drains two of them is where we did the seven regional ponds previously the third one is largely where we focused a lot of attention on public private partnerships the veterans park the Louisiana gymnastics easement and then also the bark park but this is a federal grant that's just now materializing for 20 acres on the south side of east Milton it's actually right kind of south of your neighborhood Matt so we're gonna have to maybe show you show you what's up on that get you ready for it but it's basically just to the it's just to the west of ascension high school like the water tower and then south of basically the end of Manolta so anyway property acquisition and is it ambitious that think maybe this time next year we may be starting plans are done we have environmental clearance we have our core permits we have everything so once you have property acquisition you go you go straight to advertising and construction yeah thank you so we don't talk about drainage as much anymore but we still have a lot of work that's happening behind the scenes so all right I also want to take a moment you the sports complex manager and gave you their give you their update report I won't read it but you have it in their packet and I'd like to ask mr. Jim Hayes he's here with this I had some conversations of we mr. Hayes here in the lobby before about something that's of in particular importance to him and and invited him to to share his thoughts about it with you tonight I appreciate you guys hospitality and your service thank you and I'm gonna try to go as fast as I can if I talk too fast you slow me down if I talk too slow just say get on with it and hopefully this will make sense Louisiana in 2005 was rated the unhealthy of state in the United States there are a number of reasons for that and I want to talk about one today which is sugar cane smoke mayor Ritter you and I talked about that in December when we first met on a day we walked outside we could hardly see the end of the street because it was so smoky and I'm gonna tell you some information I've gathered since then to the best of my knowledge that sugar cane smoke is in fact air pollution that can cause great bodily harm and death including respiratory distress lung damage lung cancer asthma COPD pneumonia heart disease kidney disease DNA damage short-term gestational period of death of unborn children premature death of other vulnerable people it's especially toxic to children inference unborn children elderly asthmatics and sugar cane farmers and farm workers even at great businesses aside note the risk of lung cancer among sugar cane farmers and workers who burn their fields is more than two and a half times the rate of the general population the problem with sugar cane smoke is when you take these leaves and you burn them you turn them into microscopic particles to a large degree of silica they call PM 2.5 I didn't know what that meant a few months ago but it's particles two and a half microns or micrometers or smaller in diameter so we're talking about nanoparticles and micro particles for example red blood cell maybe six microns this is a third of the size of a blood cell we've got black carbon in the smoke a number of metals a number of gases a number of chemicals residues from herbicides at pesticides and fungicides just as a frame of reference these aren't real size but it's a comparison to show you what these these two and a half micron particles and smaller look like relative for example to a red blood cell and I do want to mention that we've got coming up here soon before harvest season the LSU AgCenter recommends that sugar sugar cane farmers spray all of their sugar cane about 500,000 acres each plant with a ripener and what the ripener does it kills the leaves and it makes all the nutrition go to the stock increase in the sugar concentration which is what farmers get paid on this ripener has another name it's called Roundup, PowerMax 3 and some people may not want to hear this but it causes all kinds of cancers that's debatable but I don't think it's debatable from the recent research I've read this is a picture of my 10-year-old grandson's baseball team who last November had a tournament at the Bruxard Sports Complex and the the fuels next door will be in burned the the winds were blowing directly from the from the burn onto the sports complex on both Saturday and Sunday and we see a text between two of the mothers down the bottom she says we had to leave the game because we couldn't breathe and my throat is killing me and we started to get headaches my grandson 10 years old experiences first migraine headache a number of the boys were throwing up from severe headaches and my grandson also had his first episode waking up in Bill and I panicked and think he couldn't catch us breath I was very upset about that closer to home on January 5th is viewed from the sports complex there was a you know a burn that took place south of town and I took a ride to see what smoke was coming from about a mile and a half south in about a half a square mile area the a burn taking place and you can see the smoke being launched into the air and a rainbow pattern dumping into young zoo that is young zoo right there and the young zoo area explains why there was such a horrendous smoke event this was smoke from my backyard there was some severe smoke events at at a number of locations these blue dots represent schools by the scale here is just a little over an inch a mile so you can see how close these burns are taking place to the city of young zoo and there is a farm or a track of land bordered by three on three sides by the city of young zoo between deconday taunt shaman agreeable were the most severe smoke events have occurred now I look back in history on January 5th and if you'll get the fifth column to see where the winds were they were coming out generally out of the south this this farm is south of young zoo that meant all of the smoke was blowing in the young zoo and in life yet on March 2nd from the same fields the wind was out of the south blowing the smoke smoke from the farm onto the young zoo in the surrounding area and the Louisiana the state of Louisiana has delegated to the Louisiana Ag Center the role is being a coach or a delegator to the farmers who burn some protocols and they they have they they start out by saying a couple things like their numerous numerous environmental and public issues regarding this practice and there are a number projects underway to reduce the need for for the burning in the first place there's also a disclaimer with their say and hey if you do this there could be consequences if damages or injuries occur because of negligence because of this activity this this is a voluntary program on the part of the farmers they're supposed to have a responsible attitude towards the environment and the public they're supposed to identify smoke sensitive areas within 20 miles in all directions of the field being burned these sensitive areas include communities recreation area schools hospitals subdivisions homes and nursing homes people with health problems should be identified before the harvest season begins they're supposed to notify individuals in any sensitive area of an upcoming burn they're supposed to notify the local fire department the captain bulls-jana you'd probably know about that the day before the planned burn there's supposed to be jack leg meteorologist determined wind direction velocity and temperature inversions to make sure that no sensitive areas are affected by the smoke or ash they're supposed to draw a line where the prevailing wind will be then look 30 degrees each side so there's a 60 degree arc I made some notations on the right how much area that covers and it's pretty amazing I don't see how this even possible but anyway the sixth degree arc here's a depiction if the wind were coming out of the dew south that arc would be 60 degrees at the top and you see how much a laugh yet that would cover they're supposed to determine a category day and burn between hours of ten and four ideally with everything said the most toxic thing I found in my research regarding smoke is the small particles two and a half microns it PM 2.5 kills millions of people a year around the world it's not all from sugar cane smoke it comes from traffic it comes from factories it comes from all kinds of pollution while fires and so forth but they're saying we need more monitoring to let people know when there are events there are two websites that I'll give to you that I think are worthy looking at one is airnow.gov and government sponsored website and what you can do is you can look here for example there's a same Martinville reporting here is a is a sniffer by the way it's a laser instrument that's used to monitor air and it's made by this company called purple air.com and on airnow.com um if you look at a lot of the reporting sites they're using these instruments I just ordered one I'm going to use one at home um it would be I think a very very wise thing to do one of the things I remember you telling me because this has been done for 200 years it's not going to change and if it bothers me I should go inside almost got offended and I started thinking you know there's a lot of wisdom in that because let's take uh 8,000 plus students in mind for example and if there's a large burn knowing how toxic how poisonous how catastrophically dangerous this smoke is whenever there's a smoke event these children should be told to go inside where there's filtered ventilation now who's going to tell them to do that there I don't know of the system to my knowledge there are no monitors in young fill uh there's going to be one by the way whenever you buy these they do come with a um an electrical outlet needs to be plugged into a weather protective outlet on the outside of a building and has to be an under and overhang so there's no direct rain hitting it but it's Wi-Fi so that you can tie it into your Wi-Fi system and actually project it onto the national database of monitors so that um let's just say there were one or there were ten of these in young zool you could you could go onto this website click on that dot and see what the air quality is at that moment and you can see it on that graph in the upper right that the air quality goes up and down throughout the day I don't I haven't seen what it does during a a a burn but I would imagine that the numbers would be quite elevated down at the very bottom left you can see a there's a multi-colored kind of a bar there and uh the uh quality of the air goes from green to yellow to red to purple and brown the darker it gets the more dangerous the air gets and if you look at this thing on up in the northwest with the wildfires all right now it looks pretty bad um I took I I've probably done a couple hundred hours of research uh two of the best papers I've found was this paper here uh health burden of sugar cane burning on agriculture workers in nearby communities and the adverse health effects of air pollution sugar cane burning a scoping review of observational experimental evidence I talked to my personal doctor I talked to a retired respiratory therapist about that and if you want to take a picture that by the way here's the other one two great articles they're kind of technical um I asked my doctor I talked to my doctor about one and he said you can stop right there he said he used to be an ER doctor every year at this time during burning um he said uh our respiratory ER visits went through the roof and from one I can understand in general hospitals ERs uh urgent cares they beef up their staff and their equipment inhalers ventilators and so forth uh to the tune about 35% percent uh greater visits and hospitalizations due to this uh miss Nicole has my personal information contact information I've got I've got probably 50 times this amount of information on I'd be glad to talk to anybody about I'd love to see our schools our children protected in particular I myself have had a condition called ERRs acute respiratory distress syndrome so I'm particularly sensitive to this smoke and I have had to do exactly what you mentioned on on a number of days just go inside because I start getting the feeling that I can't I can't catch my breath and I know I have some kind of lung damage I don't know how much but there are a lot of compromised people that'd be fair to them to know when this is coming particularly as they should be communicating with the public which the Ag Center says with the fire department um and with the public the the vulnerable public in general thank you thank you mr. Hayes appreciate your time and um I'm clear to your passionate about about this topic and I look forward to doing some more research on those sites yeah anytime holler thank you mr. Hayes all right and also uh mr. Lucas Lidu is here this evening as well to address the council okay how you doing sir? Good evening council mayor uh just want to talk to y'all about what happened to me about a month ago at the roundabout over there the new one at uh youngsville highway and fortune I was touched by an angel and it's not the one from upstairs it was a driver not paying attention and he didn't he had a passport and he thought that was in driver's license I'm here just to talk to y'all to see if we can do another public service announcement or another video explaining the dos and don'ts of how to operate said roundabout and if that roundabout is complete a hundred percent completion okay that's what I'd like to know and lastly I'd like to know if an officer can sit at the roundabout and watch everybody play on their phones and then direct another officer to write a ticket to those people playing on their phones that's all that's it I thank you for your time and hope you'll have a great evening okay thank you mr. Lidu appreciate your time this evening sir any further announcements from the council all right is emotion to adjourn by uh mr. bulljano second by mr. Romero all in favor hi all right have a great evening uh thank you for allowing us to serve have a good night