 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you to order Thursday, July 9th. That's 6 p.m. I'd like to invite Pastor Manning from Church of KDN at the least in the invocation. And then if you remain standing our pledge this evening we'll be led by Councilman Ramara. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, you are God and we are not. It's all about you and it's not about us. Without you we would surely fail. You are both our Creator and Sustainer. You give life and breath and every good thing. You are a provider, our wisdom, our protector, and your our joy. Our city has experienced tremendous growth over the past several years along with many new exciting opportunities and developments. We give all the glory and the praise to you. Today we pray for your divine blessing on the city of Youngsville. Not because we deserve it, but because surely we do not. But because of your mercy and your grace. We thank you for providing intelligent and talented leaders for our city. We thank you for giving them the desire and the ability to serve. We pray a special blessing over them and their families, both elected officials and city employees. And in this moment we pray for wisdom and courage for this Council as they meet this evening. Wisdom to know what is right and the courage to do is right even when it's hard. And Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Congratulations. I'm the United States of America and the two republic for which it stands. One Nation under God. Invisible liberty and justice for all. Miss Gidry, please call the roll. Miss Boris here. Mr. Volgiano's absent. Mr. Nairou. Mr. Nylon. Michelle. Hi. All right. The gen item 3.1. Miss Amanda Blinco is here representing the Lafayette parish assessor to announce satellite locations for the assessment review period. Welcome Amanda. Thank you. Good evening, Mayor Ritter. Members of the Council and everyone in attendance this evening. Thank you for allowing me a few minutes to speak tonight. My name is Amanda Blinco and I serve as the director of operations for the Lafayette parish assessor's office. The assistant sent me to extend his appreciation for the opportunity to be here this evening. He regrets he couldn't be here himself but he wanted to make sure we had the opportunity to share an exciting new initiative with you in your residence. Our office is launching parish popups. A new outreach program designed to bring the services of the assessor's office directly into the communities we serve. One of assessor's and tannies priorities has always been making our office more accessible. While our downtown office is open year round, we recognize that work schedules, transportation and other commitments can make it difficult for some residents to visit us. Parish popups is our way of meeting people where they are. During the first two weeks of August, members of our team will travel to municipalities across Lafayette parish to provide one-on-one assistance with assessment related matters. Residents can visit us to review their property assessment, learn for, apply for or discuss their home-to-the-exemption, learn about other exemptions or assessment related benefits or receive general assessment with any property related questions. Whether someone recently purchased a home has questions about their assessment or simply wants to better understand the process, our staff will be available to help. For the City of Young'sville, we'll be here at here at City Hall at August 4th from 134 and on August 6th from 8 to 1130. No appointment is necessary, although appointments may be scheduled to our site LafayetteAssessor.com. The timing of this initiative is intentional. August marks the beginning of our annual assessment review period when property owners have the opportunity to ask questions before the tax wall is finalized. We help bring our staff into the community makes that process easier and more convenient for everyone. I'd also like to ask for your help in spreading the word. If you could share this information through your city's website, social media pages, news letters, or other communication channels, it would help us reach as many residents as we can. This program reflects our office's ongoing commitment to excellent customer service, transparency, and making local government more accessible. Thank you again for allowing me to be here this evening. On behalf of assessors and tanning and the entire Lafayette Heritage Assessor's office, we appreciate your partnership and look forward to serving your residents. I'd be happy to answer any questions. Any questions from Ms. Blanket? Thank you. We sincerely appreciate the communication and the community having the satellite office here available. So very grateful for that. So thank you and keep up the great job. Thank you so much. All right. Thank you for being here this evening. The gen item 4.1 is approval of the June 25th, 2026 meeting minutes. Emotion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Champagne. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? All right. Ms. Gidry, there's no public comment. Oh, in the minutes. So please call the roll. Ms. Barraz? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nguyen Island? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Motion approved. The gen item 5.1 approval of the May 2026 finance report. Okay. Emotion by Councilman Champagne, second by Councilmember Romero. I don't know if it matters on the computer, but it's it's off for what we're voting on. This is on the approval of meeting minutes. We'll try in front of us on the screen. Okay. I don't know if it logs it or not. Okay. All right. Thank you. Any other council comment? All right. Any public comment or question related to the finance report? All right. Ms. Gidry, there's no public comment. Please call the roll. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nguyen Island? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Barraz? Yes. Motion approved. A gen item 6.1. We'll consider a motion for Vito override of ordinance 5132026, which amends the code of ordinances. Chapter 12 nuces as it relates to operations and fines for construction or repairs. Yes, sir. Yeah. If the motion would be to override the Vito. All right. Ms. Gidry doesn't sound like there's a motion. So it does. Okay. So remains. I just want to know for the record that we did receive public comment via email from Mr. Todd East. It was distributed to the man the council is on file. I'm all. All right. Mr. Todd East hadn't seen him in a while, but I understand it's his birthday. So I hope that he's recovering well and we wish him a happy birthday. So a gen item 7.1 resolution 202618, a resolution authorizing the mayor to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement with Lafayette Charter Foundation for school resource officers at the Acadiana Renaissance Charter Academy. Commencing on August 1st, 2026 for a two year term. Okay. A motion by Councilmember Romero and Miss Champagne Councilman Champagne seconds. It's open for council discussion. Allow it to be for only one year, not a two year agreement. If miss. Champagne's okay with that. Okay. So that there's a motion to approve the resolution except the resolution on the contract is presented, but the motion is for to be one year contract. Okay. It's open for council discussion. It's open for any public comment. I have a question. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, my apology. It's not going to like negate it on their end or anything. If we say we don't want to do it too. I mean, I don't want to do it. Yeah. Wait any thoughts? Wait. It's been the one that's taken the negotiation. I don't believe so. And I'm just being presumptive on that comment. Councilman Nilem. I think they wanted a two year agreement to ensure that this would be a continued relationship, but I don't think it's going to in effect kill the deal. If, you know, we limited to a one year term. We had in the contract if you read it a two percent increase. And so I don't believe it'll be a deal killer. Let me just put it that way. Just for context, it was a one year. It was a one year contract that we're finishing up on now. So it's not like we haven't had a one year contract before. I just want to make sure nothing to change. Oh, sure. That's fair. Nothing to my knowledge. I mean, they've agreed with the they've were an agreement with the terms as they're written now. So if we, I mean, assuming assuming that's the direction of the council. And if there should there be an issue, we can notify you. Yeah, at that point in time, but I don't think it'll be an issue. We typically like to do long term agreements so that we don't have to revisit this. Every year. But if this is the council's decision to do it on a one year basis, so be it. You're okay, Mr. No, all right. Any public comment. All right, Ms. Kidry, please call the vote. Oh, yes, sir. Officer shopper. Just over the currently. It's a row at Orca. I'm not a public speaker. I just would like to know a little bit more. Why not why do not it to your contract versus going back to one? No, please. With the conversation we added the last budget meeting. It's not about have not having officers in the schools. It's about funding. And it's not a 100% funded position at any of the schools for SROs. I think it's about the same. I think it's about the same. I think it's about the same. Archa does contribute more than probably LPSS right now. But there's still other things like uniform training, vehicle, gas. I'm sure health insurance traffic. That aren't covered under that. That the city is having to front that. And then we're also lacking officers in certain positions. And that's always being asked for vehicles or being asked for. And I think that's the only way to get the police department to do that. I know Catherine's not here less than $80,000 to help the police department grow. And we're only able to do two leases is what you ended up for $40,000. So as the economy is getting things got more and more expensive. Raises the, you know, all the calls that goes into the department itself. We're having to pull more money out of general fund. And we're revisiting it. And if it's 100% funded, hey. But if it's not able, there's going to be a timeframe where we have to look at. Do we as young as bill as a city not allow. YPD officers in every single SRO position. That doesn't mean those officers aren't going to be, you know, working for YPD. It's just, you know, funding wise. We need to make sure we're putting ourselves in a good situation. Because when this is done eight years ago, we had. A big slush fund of funds to be able to use. So it wasn't an issue. But also we at the time, it was only three SROs and it's grown to eight. Hey, right now. I think they're asking for another one. So it's just that kind of like, hey, we still want a partner. But at the same time, we don't want to lock ourselves into too long to where, you know, changes might be made or my not made. If that makes sense. Officer Schauber just from my perspective. I haven't talked to anyone that doesn't find the value or I haven't spoken to anyone of my colleagues that doesn't want to see an officer in the school. So I want to make sure that that's abundantly clear this this contract we expected to negotiate this summer. I did the same thing last summer. In summary, the every school has this as a has this as an as an expense item. But the reality is the cost of the service for us has grown faster than the contracts provided. So all we're trying to do is just to as we've grown wages and expenses. We're just trying to get the contribution to rise with it. So it from my perspective, that's all it is. That's all it is. So like if we potentially put those bathrooms for pickleball courts on backburn. Yeah. Would that be able to. It's a different funding source. Because you're talking about the 19, the sales tax. That's dedicated to that department much like the 81 cent sales tax is dedicated solely to YPD and fire. And what about the general fund. General fund. I mean, we also have roads, ditches, water, sewer. I mean, it's. And the police department. Need more vehicles. Obviously, I'm in one of them. And it. I'm running on fumes. Any day, it will leave me on the road on the side of the road. It's unsafe. And we, we need units. We 100% need units. I just feel like nothing, nothing against any of y'all. But I feel like we need. More from y'all like seriously. I know everything calls. I'm well aware that. But the police department. Need more from you. We need help. The city is growing. The call volume is high. There's a lot of times where the calls are impending for a while before police officers can get there. We've had it just recently working the road officer. All of us are. Although I'll do respect that discussion. Item is relative to permission for me to sign the contract. Thank you mayor. All right. Thank you sir. Is there any other counts? Any other public comment? All right. Miss Shampine. You had a comment or question. OK, Miss Gidrew, please call the vote. Is. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. Yes. A gin out of 7.2 resolution 202619 a resolution authorizing the mayor to execute a change order for the highway 92 improvements planning and construction left turn lanes in the amount of 323,126 dollars and 62 cents and further authorizing the necessary budget amendment. Say motion by councilman Shampine. And a second by councilman Romero. We are expecting just for the council and the public's benefit about 120. 6 or 120, yeah, 126,000 I think 600 coming in from a traffic better ministry from a developer to offset some of the six months. Right. Is there any public comment? All right. There's no public comment. Miss Gidry please call the. Miss Barraz. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. Right. A gin item 8.1 is ordinance 514, 2026 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville authorizing the city to sell certain and movable surplus property located at 225 tall looks laying Youngsville, Louisiana, which is not needed for public purposes. Motion by councilman Romero. Second by councilman Barraz. Is there any council discussion? All right. Any public comment? No public comment. Miss Gidry please call the. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Miss Gidry. Let's see for it. I don't know. I don't know. Announcements. Why don't we let's see Pam and then maybe Susan Sauer. If you have something and then I'll entertain any any announcements from the from the days. And I'll also be sharing the sports complex and Tim's absence. All right. Pam. Thanks, man. On highway 89 we are working on the base removal on the east side of highway 89. We have completed the contract complete the punch list for fortune so they will be submit in their clear lean certificate probably sometime next week to get their retainage. Larivier road they're working on the west side still as far as we know hoping to complete in the September early October. So we have turn lane projects of course we will stripe and I'm sure some of you saw we have our crosswalk that got a striped today with really large letters that say crosswalk so hopefully everybody slows down. We still have a little bit more striping and some additional pavement markers to put in for that project and then we have some drainage that we still have to do. We're working in conjunction with we need the park bonnet driveway to be completed so that we can complete the drainage so we're working with the developers schedule so that our contractor can also finish their work. For the left turn lane space to we have that design that's under our internal review so we can give that to the mayor that's the left turn on to school street. We have a councilman Cooley we're in the appraisal phase for the properties once we have appraisals we can make compensation offers just so everyone knows the property acquisition is 100% funded by the federal government just like everything else so we have to meet there the federal government's process with regards to purchasing property. Everything else on the insulin project is complete so we're pending getting the property in order to be able to move forward with construction. Sheme Agriabh they finished on the west portion of the street so we had already done the east portion up to the curves on the west portion they finished the base today so next week we're have that's going to be curing and so next week they'll start with the binder the asphalt binder on that portion of Sheme Agriabh and then our striping project this is going to be where we're going to be striping some of Sheme Mettore Parkway and some other areas we are doing a three-year contract where we have areas identified for the first and then amounts for the second and third so that we can do striping throughout the city and get some some prices that's advertising next week with bids second week in August. Perfect any questions for Pam about any of the projects. All right there's no questions Susan or Sarah. On the wastewater plant the material deliveries are continuing the reinforcing steel on site piping has been delivered the contractor has completed forming up the headworks walls and they're going to be forming up the top in preparation of the bar screen delivery. The SBR excavation and embankment is complete the frequent rain slowed that down a bit they are scheduled to pour the lean concrete working bottom tomorrow. They hope to pour at least part of the SBR floor by early August and if things go well the SBR bottom can be complete by the end of August after that the contractor will begin on the walls and the crew hopes to begin the flow distribution box or site piping by the end of July. On the water treatment plant filters the addition of the filter the notice to proceed was issued effective July 6th and scheduled the project to schedule to be complete by May 2nd they're preparing the submittals for equipment and materials. The sugar mill upon force main we're still working on and awaiting funding pump station 5 that's done and permitted we're just waiting on funding for that and for the pump station upgrades the other pump station upgrades pump station 8 which is the derail pump station. Those we open bids on Tuesday on July 14th for that. For pump station 1 church street which was being upgraded just by changing the impellers the impeller to pump to impeller and where plates were replaced on June 12th and the pump 1 rebuild with impeller and where plates is complete and then will be picked up tomorrow and installed next week. That's great. Maybe while you're up here let me just address as well the the water plant we did have an interruption of service on Sunday as I share with the public. The electrical engineers the contractors and subcontractors are still working through some of the program settings to help ensure that in future power outages there would not be any type of interruption of service and that that transfer would be seamless. So we just wanted to share that with the public progress has been made but we're still working through testing and just additional confirmation that that will perform flawlessly and seamlessly as it's designed. So as everyone knows it's a brand new facility under warranty so we're going to take the necessary steps to get it right so apologize for any inconvenience during that time period on Sunday. Any questions for Susan or related to any of the infrastructure projects from the public as well. All right. Thank you. I'll share for Tim his just on a personal note his therapy and recovery is going really well. He's making great progress. It is still have a lot of things happening at the sports complex and in parks and rec. The registration for the YSC indoor volleyball and the YSC volleyball camps has opened the volleyball camps start next week registration for adult softballs open. A beach plays continuing Tuesday Wednesday Thursday evenings and then the YSC Americans and the YSC nationals in both Shetland which are the six U boys and Pinto eight U boys will be playing in the world series that we're hosting on July 15. With an opening ceremony starting at 9 a.m. at the amphitheater and we're expecting 45 teams in that tournament coming from Dallas for a fourth area Austin Houston San Antonio Florida and then also from of course here in Louisiana. And then our eight U girls teams plan and booted Texas and our 12 U girls are planning some Marcos Texas for the pony girls world series that started on July 7. So I guess that's that's going on now. The sports for all games have begun for. For our special needs players and that's been that's underway now. The boys pony 14 U zone tournaments hosted by the sports complex will start on July 22nd and that's teams from Louisiana Texas Florida and then there's usually 18 teams in that tournament. And then finally for for baseball or baseball the Mustang world series is going to be having their breakfast banquet on Friday July 24th at 9 a.m. in the rec center and then we're going to have the leadership class lined up again that morning to serve breakfast. So we'll have more information coming out about that you triple say I forgot this when you triple say world series. We're going to be one of six sites across Lafayette that's going to be hosting with opening ceremonies a cage and field on July 29th and that's going to be through August 3rd. The 2D Southeast Cup will take place at the expansion on August sorry July 30th through August 2nd 18th representing eight different states. All high school age tournament baseball teams. The corn hole there's a corn hole tournament this weekend at the rec center. Loast on the for everybody. And then just a capital outlay update happening there the the Foster Park tennis courts the fencing is up the resurfacing of the courts has been delayed but that's going to begin July 27th. And then the spring and upper mute on the to expansion feels is at about 85% grow in so that's going to make a really nice place for additional practice feels for all of our teams at the complex. So it's open for announcements from the from the day of so if any of the council members have anything or the chief Terry anything. This one's that concern. Would you mind hitting your button for me? Yes, sir. Thanks about the two units. I did get a total thing I sent the mayor email to you mayor. It is a total for a four year installment would be $39,402 and $12 cents. For two units. And that is equipped and that budgeted for $16,000 for equipment to get installed into the unit. Into that. The does that that's including lighting to yes or that's a fitting equipment. Yes, sir. Submit the PO and it'll be promptly approved. Thank you. Yes, sir. All right. Haley. Thank you. So farmers market is this Saturday at Foster Park. So from eight to noon, we got a great lineup of vendors. We are going to try a little bit different location for set up. So instead of between the tennis courts and the baseball field, we're going to be closer to the second street entrance under the trees. So we'll still be at Foster Park. We're just going to kind of shift the location. And that's just because it has been so hot. We want a little bit shorter distance for our vendors for set up, but mostly for breakdown because it is so hot in the middle of the day for them to halt all their stuff. So please come out, support our vendors. Smash will be out there serving food so you can come by your breakfast from from smash out there. Also, finnell, Louisiana, which is the new Vietnamese coffee will be out there doing coffee. So come out and support also just a reminder, dancing with the stars is next Saturday, July 18th. So I don't believe there are any tickets available. There is one table left. So if you do want tickets or a table, please go on or get with Jamie to purchase tickets. But you can always go and vote for your favorite team, even if you cannot attend the event, make a contribution as a vote to support whatever team you'd like. And last but not least, each sweet restaurant weeks is coming back August 1st through 31st. We have 38 restaurants participating this year. So passports will be available for download later this month. Or you can pick them up at any of the participating restaurants. Again, beginning at the end of this month and starting August 1st. So please go support the restaurants. It takes 20 restaurant visits to be entered into the grand prize drawings and also 10 restaurant visits for the secondary prize drawings of the gift cards from the participating restaurants. So each sweet young zool dot com is where you can get any information about the participating restaurants, see all the deals and all of the rules. And finally, if you haven't yet, get your tickets for little big town September 12th at the young zool amp theater tickets are on sale now. It is you can go on young zool sports complex dot com. There's a button at the top of the page that says little big town click there to buy your tickets. That'll be a great night. All right. Thank you, Haley and great job on the restaurant recruitment. So that's how that's the record participation for the third year. Councilman Shampa. Thank you. I have just have some questions for Haley. Sure. I saw in the news where we get an brewery. I think it's a micro brewery. Yeah. And it was a name in the shop. It's about KK. It's in there when Marco pizza. Cypress gardens. Yeah. Do you have a, do they say when they might be opening? We don't we don't have a, nothing yet on a date there. They're still doing build out. And I saw a little pizza has some activity. Yes, we are not 100%. There's been a couple conflicting reports as to what's going there. So, um, but we have been told that Elise has been agreed to or maybe signed by them. Yes. Yes. Okay. And I just want to congratulate our friends at KK's. They're not leaving Youngsville, but they are expanding to Calencrow. So I want to, I want to congratulate them on their good work and that's right. That's exciting for. As long as they stay in Youngsville. I don't think they're going anywhere. They stay pretty busy. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Michelle. I'm, I guess one thing that's relevant to add in case you haven't heard. We just finished a two year process of a lot of due diligence on 130 acres, roughly a long shimmy, and we're going to have a couple of other guidelines, gas, a litany of things. So the state can now have this, has this available at their fingertips. To, in an effort to try to help accelerate any company that's looking to do business. A commercial or light industrial. So we're very excited that this property is now into play and that it will not be residential within the city limits. So if anyone knows of needs space, 130 acres of properties now available for someone's business expansion. Louisiana site selection. If you go online and Google Louisiana site selection center, you can go on there and see not just our certified sites, but the certified sites throughout the state. So that's, that's a place if you want ever interested in going and looking. All right, thank you. Any other announcements from the, from the council, anything from the public to share with the city council. All right, if there's no other business before the city council, we'll entertain a motion to adjourn. All right, motion by Ms. Barra second by Mr. Nylon, all in favor. All right, meeting adjourned. Thank you so much. Have a great evening. All right.