have an ambitious agenda, not just with money. And, you know, we can't build money. I mean, fortunately, we can't build everything at once. We're also going to have constraints, you know, and even if the money was there and I had complete plans and we can't have the whole city under construction at one time. So this stuff tends to work itself out, which I know this will be no difference. Can I say, I have made arrangements with the seller that if you were to consider this, we could place an offer to purchase the home with a 21 day due diligence period, which might give you a chance to look at all the different options available to you. And that that would be with a small deposit, which the historical society would make. And that would be if for some reason we just can't do it, then the deposit is returned. No questions asked. That would give you some time. I'm just going to talk about acting quickly, houses like this, don't say I'm curious. I didn't see on the MLS how long has it been on the market? It was originally listed for 365 in July. Okay. And then just lowered within the last week or so to 325. I did some research and I feel that it's still a little overpriced. There really isn't a lot to go on with the comparables in young skills specifically. So I use, you know, Lafayette comparables for that age home and historical type homes. The home that's the duplex home right next to Morvans was on the market several years ago for 725 at 160 a square foot. And this one is still at this one's at 167 a square foot. And I mean, while this house is beautiful and gorgeous, it's not anywhere compared to the duplex house, which has three acres and so forth. I do think this house maybe could come down just a bit. So, you know, that I think it was overpriced, which is why it stayed on the market a long time. And now it has spurred some excitement since the price has been lowered. I mean, I'll say I love your drive and fire. I know that personally, hear about this talk outside with my wife being on that committee with you. But I do I want to reiterate I had a lot of conversation with the mayor about this over the last just day because I know it's when we started talking about it. I wanted to see and I don't I know we didn't have time to talk to the chamber, make sure where that plan is because there is a couple different scenarios with the annex building with the building of chambers in. And I worry that other, like I say clubs, but you know city groups might feel that they were owed a facility or another piece of property as well. And in budget, obviously, I'm always