Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you. That's right. Okay. Okay. Ray Alberado. 114 Parkwood, which is a blockoff of church. Old town. First thing I'd like to say is a thank you to this group for having this meeting and opening dialogue. Second thing I'd like to say is this man right here is a goal mind. Don't let him go. Okay. I've heard a few comments from the group. You know, we got to go and we got to fight town hall again. What is not a positive thought with this group now and what the intention I think this meeting was for? I personally think that as an old town community, we currently have a way of life that we have enjoyed for a hundred plus years. Migrate grandparents built their home in 1904. 1894. I forget. Whatever. A hundred plus years. It's right on church street. We've been here a whole long time. We're used to things happening as they've always been. But right now there is interest. There are a lot of people wanting to come in. And what this allows is it allows you guys to help us protect the history and what we have here. And I think that was the intention of the meeting. Yes, ma'am. I think that's a wonderful positive thing. I hope a lot of things come from it. I think what you are hearing as a takeaway is we don't want more high density. We don't want lots with multifamilies. We don't want you subdividing things into two by two parcels. Take a lot. Put a nice house on it. Doesn't have to be a high-end, super-exorbitant price, something you'd buy somewhere else. But it's a nice home and a single family can live in it. And that will improve our community. And that's what we want here. Not more traffic. Not more people. Not more density. All of the other things that were said as far as keeping things neat, keeping things clean, wanting people to move into the area because it looks like a wholesome environment, we all support that. We all want that. What we, I think, don't necessarily miss the long one, and his hotel. I was here the night he made that final presentation. I thought that was a lovely idea. He was looking to build something that fit in the community as visually and that it was going to supply a need that we have that we have no resource for. But tonight when he came up here and he said, Morvon's closes at 8 o'clock. Why would somebody want to stay the night in Young'sville? No one in the old town wants bars rocking and rolling to a clock in the morning. It's residential. Those of us who have homes here, walkability on church street, commerce on church street, Lafayette street, that's great. In the community, in the neighborhood, no neighborhood you go to is going to have a coffee shop