No comments from Mr. Romero. Any council comments? Any public comment or discussion? This one is really exciting. I think it's a roundabout at Prescott Boulevard and Bonan Road that awkward churn outside of Sugarmopan with the domed rounded building. The city took acquisition of that property earlier this year and Terry and his team have started kind of clearing it a little bit and took the fence down and prove visibility. So we're working on the design beginning the steps of working on this design here. So all right. If there's no public comment, Mr. Gidry please do the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council of 7.4. Resolution 2023 24 resolution authorizing the mayor to execute an amendment to a contract with the Katie and a bottling company to continue as the exclusive non-octaholic beverage partner of the Young'sville sports complex. We're going ahead for sponsorship opportunities for our newest phase. Wade you've been really helpful with this along with Nicole. So I mean you remember some of the details that you can maybe tell us about. Gentlemen in Mr. Romero we have you had in place an agreement for an exclusivity contract. The city of the city of the city decided they wanted to expand that. And that will the highlight of the contract to make it as pretty as possible is they are going to provide two scoreboards and continue on their capital plan as far as contributions to the Young'sville sports complex. So we have a contract in your package. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Council any comments or questions. Let's see. Mr. Bulljohn did you have a question? No, sorry. No, I'm not. All right. Any public comment or question? I have no public comment or questions. Get your please call for the vote. All right. Thank you, Council. All right. We'll move to announcements. How about. Stewart. I don't see a wife here, but we'll still get you out. So you want to come on up or DAX. Whoever's talking about the. We kept we kept Stewart with JB Moot on long a couple of night a couple of meetings ago and it was his. His wife was with and there's just be going to dinner. I said, y'all should have told me that one lost a couple hours. I think she enjoyed it. Thank you for having us update on the Young'sville sports complex. We are making some great progress on site bringing in some more dirt, putting in some storm drainage. And budget wise, we wrapped up the budget a week or so ago and we're lining it with the city's funds. And we hope to be done with that next week or so. Everything's still on track. And I think everything's pointed in the right direction. Any questions? I need to look at the time for that meeting tomorrow. Just I think because I know you have a I think we both. So maybe just