It's awesome. I generally agree with the cleanse comments. The 56 right away on streets that have on street parking stalls on both sides. I think is a is the absolute absolute correct right away with. Where the parking occurs on both sides of the road most of the time we have it on one side or the other, but in cases where we do put it on both sides will expand that right away to 56 feet. Want to go through the ADRC comments is a few things that I had some concerns about mostly just want to make sure we're on the same page in terms of clarification. Condition number one is a standard condition that deals with 10 foot utility servitude warning bordering public roadways 15 foot utility servitude along lots bordering private roadways. We typically get these the servitudes laid out under the T&D ordinance and submitted to everybody as as you know. The vast majority of our lots are alley loaded and in addition to the utility servitude on the street frontage which in some cases might only be five feet. We have 27 feet across the rear of those of those lots. And so we would continue to lay out the servitudes in this phase of Chigamil pond just like we've done in all previous phases of Chigamil pond. Number six and the number seven deals with the drainage servitude to buy you pork produce lateral eight a. I'm not sure where that is. So that was the that lateral that runs through that property there. That extends all of it down from the address that's been. That I mean we still have an opportunity and dealing with that. We were out in that water. As long as we do it. In such a way that it's approved by the city. Right. Yeah. As long as there's a what's being piped and has an easement that that you know it's acceptable by public word. I don't remember 14 says a traffic impact analysis is required. We have not had that in our face. Yeah, correct. We need to. I'm sorry to interrupt you. No, go ahead. But that is correct. That's something that we can I would recommend waving for this particular because it's not part of the T and D ordinance. I mean it just as an FYI we are working together to maybe into consideration of some other. We're having some other conversations and dependent because it's not addressed as part of the T and D ordinance today. If I can expand on your last comment if you don't mind. The mayor and I have been a couple of times about the mayor's concerns that because of the size of Chugamil Pond that there may be instances where we do need a traffic impact analysis in some cases. In some traffic work that addresses whatever the outcome of those analyses are. He has talked with me about the possibility of Chugamil Pond