course, a lot of retention ponds. And drownings can happen in just one inch of water. If it's enough to cover the nose of a child, even an adult, we have to do something. I mean, like everything that was mentioned in the proclamation, those are considered to be layers of protection that need to be enforced. But again, it starts with education. It starts with awareness and having conversations with community members, especially if there's a lot of walking traffic or families that visit areas that have ponds like at parks. And we're trying to do initiatives in our local area all across the region that this was our first start. We frequent the sports complex a lot. In fact, that's where another son of ours is tonight, he's at a baseball practice. And really, one of the first places that we had in mind that maybe something could be done was the complex. Because you have the fishing ponds there. There is a lot of traffic, which is a wonderful thing. And seeing how many people have come over the years and all the visiting families that come for tournaments and baseball soccer that's going on right now. But we thought, you know, all of the people that come up at a bridge, you have the walking trail, you have the soccer fields that are right there. I mean, how easily it can be for a child to wonder because it happens and it happens very quickly. All it takes is parents to be distracted watching a game. And then I might have a younger sibling that finds the water. And the last thing we want is to hear if something else happening, especially in our community. You hear of instances where it happens with a number of people around. They could be at a birthday party. And you have a lot of family members around the pool. But no one is actually dedicated to actually watch the swimmers in the water. So that's why it's so important to educate the community to really just enforce and encourage them to watch your children at all times. Not being distracted by a telephone or even watching other children. But to have a supervised adult or caregiver, you know, to be watching all small children at all times. But we were super excited and so very grateful that Mayor and you two met. We're quick to welcome us at that meeting not that long ago. To hear our story. To receive the support and to understand and agree that this is needed. And we want to do whatever is possible to create awareness. And we're excited about the signs that are now at the complex. So Heather, your strength is an inspiration for me. And for so many of us, for you to come and speak to us this evening and while I facilitated a meeting, I owe credit to our director, Tim, because sometimes I usually speak to him