because she's the middle town they write their grandmothers there and you know. But I understand I think you have a beautiful house and I think you let me just so if this comes up again can I just contact. Not Garrett but why not. Well you know I'm seeking direction really from the council and I can only I can only permit what what is they allow. I can get the footage and the measurements and. Yeah here is my cell phones on their emails on their. Feel free to send it to me I will even distribute it to the council for does can you have for them to see and if. If there's a variance request we can go through the mayor's office to put it on the next agenda or something. I think the point we're looking at is that even if she comes back with a lot of size no matter what that there is no 30 there's not going to be a 30 feet. So I guess the realistic is that you come back to us and it's you know I think if it's within reason that we can you know we can make that work and even it might be a very small trailer that's possible. We can look at it but if it's you know if it's still if we're looking for like a 25 foot easement variance that's going to be really hard to push like we can give some slide but I don't I don't know that. I would say that within reason I would say if you if you if you looked at the lot saws in you know I said lot saws but that particular one area for the trailer and you know you ever get it you thought that a reasonable amount would be. You're only asking for five feet or something something within reason and that by be something we can entertain but I don't know that I personally could. That's that's it's just extremely small the way that the layout is and then I'm looking at it from the road frontage coming in on the gravel drive. Anyway well like you said that's like information I hope I want to get the measurements you can come back and we can. Maybe work something out with that's trying again it's not going to be of this correct you scenario comes up and maybe Taylor you're at say small trailer maybe put and then it's up to them to come to us instead of you. It would depend on the size of the trailer they want to put I was just trying to help anything you know I know I know. Well I'm going to hope you get a good. Well thank you I'm even thinking of zoning for commercial it's like I'm surrounded by businesses you know what do you do what do I do for that. I think I think you would have a receptive