told I had to the lawyer if I want that. I am not getting any response. The one time I talked to him was outside the building two weeks ago and I had no little thing. He told me he was tied up in all this. That's why he hasn't called me. Does this just ignore me because he has an issue with something else? I am a citizen and I have an issue on the way his police officer handled a case I called him. I feel about on the 16th or 15th of March, they sent three police officers at 930 at night put straw lights on my house to find out what my issue was. 930 at night would straw lights. I asked when they opened the door, my first thing was who called the complaint on me because that's what I thought. This man is not handling his cases now because of this. If this is that much of a, or in clean clean business for him, he needs to sit down and step down while this is going on or take care of his business. All I asked him is for a call so I can solve this. That's all I asked. I'm not going to tell you what my opinion was of the case because it's not important. He has not responded to me. So my question is when y'all do this or y'all going to investigate the whole thing or just at one incident back in November because he is not handling his job. I have a log, I have my phone log, I sent registered leather, still no response. Why am I not getting response? That's all I'm wanting them. Mr. God, thank you. And I do have, I did receive your certified letter and it's on my desk and chief and I enjoy good conversation and it's on my desk to discuss it with them. I apologize. I have not personally responded to you yet. I think I just received in the last day. He has been so close to March. I know. I appreciate you being here this evening. If you'd like. Sure. You didn't. You did. House. I don't have the exact date in front of me, but your response to them was you didn't have time for it right now. At 9.30 at night. On March 15, you showed your Prince of the in strobe lights and three, you know, when you paint your house, I was in bed. I was leaving town in two hours to go to Texas and I told them to come back and never did come back. But they did come back. They came back and you did not have time for them. On March 15th, the one incident, they didn't come back. They didn't come back out. They were supposed to follow up because I was leaving town in two hours so I was trying to sleep and driving to the house.