the country. It's not just young's will. But the advantage that young's will has in trying to solve the problem is the civic and private investment activity that you've had recently. Because of that, developers are interested. There's an interest. There's no interest in Karen Crow. None. When I, when I need to sell my house, maybe I die, maybe it's my children going to need to sell the house. They're not going to get prime dollar. They could get someone could buy the same amount of square footage in a subdivision around Karen Crow. And they're going to pay a whole lot more money than they will pay for my house. So either I have a problem if I try to sell or my kids will have a problem when they try to sell. I suspect some of you residents are in that same scenario right now. We need to fix that. We need to fix it while we can while we have the opportunity. Should crying to help. Let's let's work together to try to make that happen. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Lynn. And we're all here because we love young's will. And so I'm excited to hear some of your feedback. So again, I know that we have comments. But I would like to yield the floor and hear first from you. So whoever would like to go first. Or if you'd like to reserve, we can keep talking also. Okay, with it. Let me maybe share one thing and then whenever someone wants to speak, just raise your hand on technology and please come forward. As Mr. Lynn said, you know, one of the things that is so exciting for us right now is that there's a lot of interest in your neighborhood. And that's exciting. That's exciting for me because as our cities grown, we've really strive to grow the community together. And I believe it's in part to some of the investment that that Lynn alluded to. But I also think it's because of because we've been fortunate to have great property owners. We've been fortunate to have great developers. I'm also reminded that we have come this far without having zoning. So performance land use, I think has really solved that dilemma for us. But we've made it this far because when we see that we have an issue, we've come in with an ordinance. When we saw we were having too many of the same cookie cutter style neighborhoods, we've slowly increased those standards and guidelines. The ditches have to be closed. There has to be sidewalks. You have to today, you have to have so much green space. The streets can't be longer than 1,500 feet without there being some sort of traffic calming device in it. Today garages have to be set back more than a minimum of 25 feet. Similarly, we saw we were getting a lot of interest in storage facilities. So the council opted to kind