 We're bringing it in. Not on the wall. It started? All right. All right. Good evening, everyone. Heaven had a preliminary plat in a while. So happy to be hearing one. Just one item this evening for the preliminary plat, preliminary plat approval of Paradise Plaza, located in section 12, T11S, R4E. And Pam, you're reviewing it for us. Nice to see you. Yes, I'm back. I don't know if that's good or bad. Oh, we have a plat. Oh, ready? Okay. All right. Thank you, Mary and Council. All right. We have Paradise Plaza, which of course is on Shaman Metery Road. Next to Ascension for those who, I don't know if you have a, do you have it to display? Okay. All right. So we recommend approval of this preliminary plat. We recommend no waivers to the five plat revisions that were in the ADRC review. We require a note on it that says sidewalks along all city streets, which is part of our ordinances. We're also, and I did talk to the engineer, to include detention area for each lot. If you notice there's five lots, and we want to make sure that the far south lot has the ability to be able to drain to the Cooley, and that we don't change the fact that everything drains to the, everything drains to the west and actually to the north to that channel. So we recommend that they provide the detention so that everybody has that cross drainage. Please revise the plat. No, there's a note currently that says 10 foot utility sidewalk and drainage servitude, and we want that to just be a utility servitude. So what we do not want is sidewalks on top of water lines. And so we do the sidewalk can be just on the inside of your right away, which is where we would prefer it. So we don't want the easement dedicated to sidewalks or utilities. We recommend waving condition for the ADRC report. That's the typical one where they put their drainage requirements, and we waive that to supersede it with our drainage requirements for our 25-year storm. We recommend no waivers to the remaining five conditions. We, the street addresses shall be included on the plat. All of the rest is our typical language with the exception of number 15. So the other one is, you know, it's all about, you know, we do have water and sewer available for them to connect to, but on number 15 to maintain a safe traffic flow. We recommend that they do their driveway to line with Pebble Lane. And any additional driveways that they were to request, we're stating they should only be one more, and it should be right in, right out. You guys can take it on a case-by-case basis, but we don't want additional cross-accesses across that median, because right now, you know, we want to keep the traffic flow. So that's our recommendations. I just wanted to make sure to point that out. Everything else is our typical language. All right, please, ma'am. Thanks, ma'am. Are there any questions from the members of the council? Is there anybody here representing the development or Jimmy's handling? Okay. Jimmy's the rickshaw's the professional engineer. If you have anything, Jimmy, if not, okay, sure. Please come on up. With regards to the access that Pam mentioned, one full drive is proposed at the median crossing. The developer would like to place cross-access within the property to connect lots one through four. And on the north side, which is the right-hand side of what we're looking at, we would propose a right-in, right-out drive on top of that. It's an existing ramp for to access the drainage servitude there. So there's already a drainage structure in place. So we would propose a right-in, right-out at that location, and a drive connecting the lots internally. So there'll be no other access to shaman metery. Okay. One thing we would like to request, not a waiver to any detention requirements, but we would like each lot to construct their own detention within the site and connect to the outfall on the west side, which is the top of the plot. On the first thing you're asking for with the right-in, right-out. So you're talking about several feet from the current access to the detention. It's within the property, but there's an existing access there already. Yeah, the high school driveway. Or the driveway. I believe it's a maintenance channel for that maintenance ramp for that channel. It's aggregate. Currently aggregate. The gray area is a driver, right? Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why, why so close? That shaman metery is, I mean, if you go out there at 7.30 in the morning, it's brutal. Okay, sorry. Okay, so, Okay, so, I'm not going to be worried about too many cars. You already have an entrance right there that's right out. Does the ordinance have a driveway spacing that we could refer to to? We can in the pack. We don't have necessarily an ordinance. What we've been recommending is at least 75 feet between a driveway. Okay. Is there a way for, I guess there's no way for your development to use that current access. Or exit. Yeah, it's a large channel. Okay, it's a major outfall. Okay, so you'd have, okay, yeah. You'd have enclosed somewhere to commit to that. Yeah, I think the 75 feet would not be an issue. So how far down would that move that? I guess, because you said it's 25 feet right there? Is that about, well, the, about halfway through the lot house. The lot line is in the middle of the, the lot line is in the middle of the channel. I believe there's probably 20 feet from the center line to the top bank. So, so we're probably. 25 feet to the property line before we get to the drive anyway. So I don't think the 75 feet would be an issue at all. Okay, I'm your recommendation. I'll be 75 feet. 70 and minimum of 75. Yeah, I'd say that's. If everybody else. Right. Did you all. That was the first one. Yeah, the second one was the individual detention. And cumulatively, each lot would still meet every requirement. Yeah. Just save. The commercial development for a lot three would come in with their site plan. They're allocated detention. And we'll connect to the designated outfall, designated outfall that Pam is recommending on that west side. Would these detention be built separately from each other? Correct. Is that going to cause. Problem with drainage of lots two and four aren't developed right away. Well, if they don't have a cross drainage use bit, what I don't want is something where lot one has it. And then how does lot one outfall to that channel? Yeah. What's proposed would be that lot one. During to the west. Okay. Place the outfall on that western line within a private drainage server to that lots two three and four could also utilize for their outfall. So then if lot three got built out before the stuff. It's still going to. Okay, I'll follow. There would be a there would be an outfall. There would be a detention private drainage server to in place for them to outfall. Okay. Her main goal is that they don't drain to shim and metter. Yeah. So with the recording of the plot and the servitude, that would that would achieve that. Okay. So I'm clear. You would have a drainage process back here and then documentation saying that it's dedicated and that all of them. Yes. Okay. You want a letter? Yeah. I'm okay. What I would recommend to the council. I don't know how many feet that would be. I'm going to leave that to Mr. Ricks to make sure it's adequate. But if. If in fact some we would make sure that that's all on the plot. I think that and that the easement agreement that comes would come to us with that. What I would propose would be 20 feet on that western line for that outfall pipe. Okay. And each site be able to connect to that with their pond within their site connect to that outfall pipe. Okay. So they would be able to do their detention. So they can be crest creative on their detention. And this would be almost like a cross access easement for outfalling. Right. And we would have a so then your document that would come with your final plot approval. You will you will state that in there legally that everyone must drain to this dedicated easement so that it goes here. And that everyone would be responsible for their 25 year detention for each lot. And that will and the 25 year detention step will also be put on the plot. Yes. Okay. With that. That way each site plan could be creative. Like you said, whether they want subcultivated service or they want to carry the fountain of whatever it is. I'm going to go with that. Any other questions from the council. Is there any other public comment? Thank you, Jimmy. Thank you. Any other public comment? All right. Well, there's no other comment going to join the public hearing. And we'll get started in just about five minutes for the regular meeting. Thank you. Thank you.