few announcements, Tim, you want to maybe, since we're talking 14 million in recreation. You're on the spot. Of yours. Sports program wise, our based on Saupal League has next week, will finish the regular season. And we're doing evaluations this weekend for our to select all of all-star teams. The pressure of Beach Bringley has two weeks to go until the playoffs. F and A football will be starting games this Thursday and will be playing games on Thursday and Friday night. This session on the soccer fields. All the Pickleball Council and Agent Free Play continues at Rec Center, Summer Basketball Camps, in tournaments are beginning there. Especially events that Council and Governments will meet at the Rec Center next week or May 18th. We have another MMA event that will take place Memorial Day weekend, the Fourth of July. Celebration is continuing, continuing planning for that. And officially, the Pony Girls World Series will be back in 24 and 25. Flash Parks, a substantial completion and punch list walkthrough is getting close. And we're starting to plan for the open in June. Just enough, they don't pause the park. Oh, yes, it has a ran fiber there. So we will have cameras, video cameras and the alarms for our maintenance point and the new building at Foster Park. And I think that's about it. That's it. All right. Thank you, Tim. Appreciate it. We did send out a save the date for the Splash Pad opening. Now, we just minor tweaked to that. We are considering now, perhaps, possibly doing it into a two-day event where we would have a ribbon cutting on Friday. Maybe it'll be like a little bit of a soft opening and then still have, you know, we're kind of working out details on a potential family fun day on the Saturday. So anyway, that's still hold the date for what I shared with you. You may just want to hold a second save the date to where we can maybe engage some of the business community and some people that can are available on Friday. It comes in such a long, awaited part of our sports complex. So that would be the day before on the Friday. So Pam. Where are we more comfortable? It's up to you. It's up, yeah. I'll stay here a bit. You know, I'm comfortable anyway. It doesn't really matter. I can't do either. There is a bit of a problem. All right. So detention ponds for spaley grove. We have pond five fully functioning. That's the pond that is right outside of fortune hills on 1010 Fortune. We're waiting for our top bank to dry out a little bit so that we can start with our solcimate and asphalt paving so that we can pave our access road that can be also utilized as a walking track in the future. So they are about, pond one is completely dug and we've got the asphalt structure in.