I spoke about. I mean we've been speaking about it quite often so most of these projects and you can see if you if you run down the Excel spreadsheet on P1. Total is about nine million four hundred eighty thousand dollars that was passed this session. P five was around thirty nine million seven hundred eighty nine thousand five hundred fifteen and then you have a total for each project and then if there was any cash because sometimes in H.B. 2 that they do plug in cash dollars for caprily projects. That was not the case this year but we did receive cash money in the supplemental bill which was House bill seven eighty two for six hundred thousand for the water and road infrastructure and H.B. 7 to two. Most of these projects have already been approved by the bond commission that met in July of the bond commission meets every month and typically right now when session ends and H.B. 2 is passed in June and finalized. Bond commission and the administration will start you know looking over all these projects seeing what they can afford because typically H.B. 2 is over funded this year it was as bad as last year over funded last year more than three hundred million this year was a hundred twenty million. So the administration has to decipher what projects can move forward and what bonds they want to sell for the projects that were that were passed in H.B. 2. So most of these projects like I said we're already passed in the July bond commission I did speak with Taylor Barbara on Monday I've shared that conversation with the mayor. It looks like our shimmering a parkway project we're still waiting to get bond approval on the two point three million dollars. Texas Taylor today he did say that they're looking at possibly putting this on the September bond commission for the P.1 approval. And in not answering questions that you may have. I just added a little bit more context first of all Josh it's a pleasure working with you you do a phenomenal job with us it's a pleasure you know year around working with you. Everything we've asked for is really at some phase come is in some state of fruition the relevancy of Shim and Metry Parkway getting that one accelerated of course this is as you all know the the guillot Shim and Metry round about. We have full design plans already completed on the shelf right now for a second circulating lane to rebuild that entire intersection with the second circulating lane in concrete. So that is going to be such a you know that'll be a transformational project as we continue to grow south of Shim and Metry with a lot of the development that's happening between Dayton and Dayton and he had you know south of Shim and Metry. So that's that's kind of the urgency with that you know