we decided on a high amount to cover not only a vehicle payment, but also insurance plus the gas plus that was why it was so high. I would say maybe we should allow, we're doing the debt territory judgment. We can amend and put that in there and have it do a judgment on that also. Okay. Well, you want to. Well, I mean, I think this is within our purview. I mean, this is a budget item. This was a wish, a vote that we took as a council stating that X, you got X and you took Y and Z. And we didn't say take Y and Z. I mean, is that there was a not to take. Not to take right. Like I said, had I known it would have been a problem. I would have figured it would have popped up earlier. I would have addressed it then, but to come back after all these years, if it be in approved, have it going run through everywhere. Maybe we all learn from this and they come up with a better procedure. Chief, the only person who approved it was you as the head of your department when you signed off on every budget. It wasallahi, payable. It was sent to accounting to process. That's it. Like Councillor Sanzari said at the end of the budget year, just like we're about to do next month, we approve an amended budget, a dollar, a bulk dollar amount for every department as a whole. We don't break off each department, right? And, and, and pur that 2016, it was very specific on what could be done and what could. So, we're going to say less than what we're going to say 14 days ago or maybe 20 days ago. So, we would have, I never knew about this. Nobody else on the council said they knew about it. And I didn't know I'd done anything against the room. Any other council comment? Mayor, if you can, I'll entertain a motion to allow our, allow Burton and Coder, our financial audit team, to audit the YPD Chief's car expenses from September of 2016. In addition to that, we'd like to temporarily suspend the $1,000 car stipend till the investigation's over. Okay, can we mask this? Just a clear flying question. We will have an audit, routinely our fiscal year ends June 30th. So, we will have an audit that'll be conducted the second half of this year that's due to the legislative auditors office before the end of the year. So, depending upon your action this evening, what is your, I mean, are you requesting that there, that this be a component of our normal audit, or are you seeking something before that time? I would suggest special. Special. Yeah. Prior to that. Different, Tom, allow. So that we can, we can determine the $1. Yes, ma'am. Okay, so then my clarification is fine. So, motion, I'm Mr. Romero.