by Ms. Barres. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Ms. Barres? Any question? No, you just. Okay. Sorry, I hit something. No. Maybe it's me. All right. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. 6.2, resolution 2024, 10, a resolution endorsed and in supporting Louisiana Economic Development's LEDs, Louisiana Development Rady Community's Program. Council, this has been an initiative of our administration, specifically Haley, since she's joined our team. She's now our liaison with the Lafayette Economic Development Authority. And Haley, do you want to make any comment about it or? It's pretty much. I mean, the resolution pretty much speaks for itself. So if you've read it, I mean, it basically is giving us an opportunity to work with Louisiana Economic Development to be a development ready community. What that means is they're basically going to take a look at our master plan. We're going to update it, see what's next since we've completed so much of ours. It also will open up an opportunity for more grant funding. As of right now, in Lafayette Parish, the city in Parish of Lafayette are already development ready, as is the city of Brusard, city of Scott, and city of Karen Crow. So they are able to receive grant money that we are not privy to because we are not development ready. But this really gives an opportunity to show that we are open for business and that we are ready to have that commercial development come here. Thank you, Haley. All right. Motion by Ms. Creed, second by Mr. Bull, John Hill. Any other comment or question? All right, Ms. Kidri, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. 6.3, resolution. Excuse me. 6.3, resolution 2024, 11, a resolution of the city of Yongezov authorizing the mayor to negotiate and accept the donation of a movable property, a 6.82 acre lot from DLM holdings of Wyoming LLC. OK, motion by Councilmember Bull, John Hill. And a second by Councilman Barraz. Is there any council discussion? What was the year landed issue for? Yeah, so this is for the Longland A Ridge Estates development, which is where we're reviewing their final plat today. And this is the development that's a guillot road in Shim and Agriab. That developer has been great to work with for us. He knows that when I initially met with him, he knew that he wanted to be asking what the needs of the community were. And this was prior to us having the expansion of the sports complex and some other drainage projects that have since been turned into a parks. But I told him, I said, we really could use green space, which I think we've since taken care of. And then secondly, I told him that we could really use property for a future fire station. So the intention would be that this would be the property that would house one day fire station three for the