patching and overlay in field crest So that's the next place is that you're going to see them uh go from here on the 2022 roadway So I feel like uh after after seeing so many of these road projects happen Every here like a surge and that says like if we open it up. I don't know what we're going to find You know like exploratory surgery while so many things like mattes neighborhood hundred oaks Crest circle This one was very similar to councilman rural maro sub division with some of the things that we have encountered No, no, no, I'm saying I'm saying remember when we found thing we like Chees things like that. Yeah, so we did um, you know, we expected it on hundred oaks drive Um, I never in a million years what I've expected it on some of the other sub division. So um you know You want to fix it and then when you open it up you realize exactly why we've had to patch for so many years So hopefully we're not going to be back there at a long time. So we thank you for everybody's patience I know we get in there and we think it's going to be a weaker two Depending on weather and everything else, but then If we hit something or if we find something We go ahead and we do whatever needs to be fixed to to get it done right So it might be there a little bit longer But the whole idea is that we won't want to be back In another couple of years. So um, bear with us. We like the weather. So the more You're going to see um with the weather and councilman rural maro. I do owe you something The downside is um when the weather is good We're full of construction management issues when the weather's rainy That's when I'm sitting on my desk more So I haven't forgotten about you. I'll get you that information. I'm compiling it so that you have the information I do have one question because I've had it come up. So with 89 do you already have the idea of the phases? It's going to roll in yes, sir. Oh you do. Yes, sir. Uh well what we're going to do is we have a phase one of phase two But when we're going to issue a phase one, it's the complete road It's the drainage the water the sewer. Well, we have water and sewer for fortune I'm sorry. We don't have and the roundabout But when we're going to give them we're going to give them everything to move forward because the typical section has already been determined on phase one Highway 89 the typical section and the layout has already we already have that for um the roundabout and fortune road extension so um Is phase one and two separate from the roundabout project us in? Yes,