I think that that's a great thing. But to some, you know, to some extent, I guess it's fair to say that we're a victim of our own success there as a community. Because people want to be here. That's the Martigraf parade in the destination of choice. I would love to have the parade the way it was. I just don't know how we can really achieve it responsibly. Because even if we can limit the number of floats, which we've proven that we now can, I just don't know how we can limit the crowd size. So it's multifaceted when we fix one thing or improve one thing. It creates other opportunities that perhaps we didn't anticipate. And we realize that we, you simply can't control it. There's not a gate that we can, you know, put out and just, even if we stop vehicular traffic, there's a reason we tell people to come early Charles. And that's because we're afraid you won't be able to get here into the parade lineup. Because even if the roads were closed, I mean, I've heard reports of people walking from signs where they're having their cook off this weekend in years past. And we have some technology that our teams using now. Within the city limits of Youngsville, from cell phone signals, there were 75,000 people in town for the four hours of the Martigraf parade. It's hard, it's extremely hard to do that safe and to do it responsibly. But I certainly welcome ideas on how we can scale that. And for me, the question really wasn't unique because that's something we challenge ourselves and we figure out every day, how do we scale whatever it is we're working on. I mean, we have a water plan out to bid today that's opening May 1st. We have Pam's going to give us updates on road projects. So every single thing we do is how do we do it in scale it for, you know, the realities of today. We take a lot of pride in the heart of our city, the village. There's a reason we're here with intention at this corner. I couldn't be more proud of Father Russo and the parishioners of St. Anne's for expanding the church where they are. I'm so proud that the historic house next door is going to be part of the diocese as the rectory. The beautification project that we, you know, were fortunate to extend down the Youngsville middle. I was probably the last one out of everybody that I had in my ear that didn't want to change the route because I anticipated that there'd be some people that were upset. But in the end, I really, I knew it was the right decision. We just didn't know how to do it or how to do it, you know, with how to do it safely and responsibly. And if our, you know, first responders could have come to me