for them. I learned about being in the courtroom. I learned my first introduction to the practice of law was from a judge. And so I think that that really helped to prepare me into this next phase of my career, hopefully of being your next judge. After I clerked for Judge Cork, I worked at a civil law firm in Lafayette and I practiced in that realm. And then I decided that I was looking for more of a public service avenue, which was something that was a value to me ever since I was a child. And that's when I began being a prosecutor. And so I went to the district attorney's office in New Orleans where I got lots of experience as a prosecutor in the Orleans Powerful Youth Office. And I did that for around five years. And in that time, we were in court every single day. And so I tried cases in New Orleans and I had a lot of experience in their court system, which is different than the court system here in Lafayette Parish. But it helps to bring some of that information with me to our system and to figure out what works and what doesn't work. So I was there for five years and then I came to Lafayette where I had been a prosecutor for over 15 years here in Lafayette Parish. And I've been fighting, I've been prosecuting murderers and racists, thieves and burglars, and trying to keep our community safe. Trying to make sure those violent offenders are removed from our society in a manner in which people have all faith. And trying to give, you know, for people who need it, the rehabilitation that they need in order to become productive members of our society. So that's what I have been fighting to do for 20 years in my career. I want to continue to make sure that our system is working. This is why I am running for a judge. I want to be a judge who gets in there every single day and does the work. I promise you that if I am elected, when I am elected, I will be a judge who comes to work every day and does the work. I want to be a judge who gets into the courtroom and knows the cases that are being presented in front of me. And it's prepared to hear those cases. As a prosecutor, we need judges and as civil attorneys, we need judges who are prepared for court. I promise you that I'm going to be that judge. In addition to having a career in both civil and criminal law, my husband and I are small business owners. We own a business here in Young'sville as well as a business in Scott. So I know it that's life. So I understand what it's like to be a business owner and striving every day to make sure our businesses are successful. So