working a little bit longer of a shift, the camera itself does have a USB-C charger. So same thing you can buy at Walmart or Amazon or anything like that. You're able to just plug it in. It also has a no questions asked warranty, questions asked warranty. So let's say Rookie runs it over with a police cruiser and it doesn't work anymore. Axon's going to ship you a new one free of charge. Actually what type of lead time is there currently on the equipment? So the vehicle cameras it's a 12-month lead time. For the body cameras themselves it's about a three-month lead time in order to help with the current situation that the police department is facing Axon is going to ship out what we consider a trial program but it would be about four to five cameras to kind of bridge that gap. Well if a cop tracks camera were to go down they'd be able to have something on their bodies the next day and start using that digital evidence management system so that they can build out a program policy that matches. Okay well that sounds great that's a better scenario than what I was expecting when we had conversations last week. What other agencies you go with in this area or are you all I guess? Yeah so Crowley right up the road uses us kind of assigning a deal with us right now. We work with St. Charles, Parachairs' Office. There's quite a big footprint depending on everyone comes on a little bit different right so we have the taser energy weapons. Most agencies in Louisiana are using a version of those. The Axon body three cameras we've got quite a big footprint and then the in-car video came out about two years ago so they're starting to get installed now. I'll answer your question but when they lack your parents lack your parents' share of St. Charles's Office. I'll get police support. I'll get police support. Awesome. And hopefully we'll get that as well. Okay awesome. Also in the kitchen I know St. Martinville also. Okay and these have the capability when they're I guess from the tunnel activated the car will sync up with the body at the same time. Okay. Last thing the design of these the software controls the taser all cameras go activated. Awesome. They're the same land and the iron the same coal. It'll automatically turn his on. Mine's versatility pulls out this taser to turn my camera. So everything will be sync. We have everything that we have now. And just the touch base is also four cop tracks not only the body cameras. We also have their in-car cameras in our units now but those they're getting out the body camera and camera business all together. They're just going to focus back in on what they initially started with radar. They just go with radars. So we're not changing those out those we're