How many sergeants do you have right now in the department only one. Over that section. No total. The department. I've broken down I think everything else but that four patrol soldiers sorted over this row and that sort of traffic and one in. About seven. So you have seven patrol. Seven short sergeants for each patrol shift. No one patrol. Yeah. Well, that's. That's around the department. One sergeant per patrol. Right. Which is standard for every department. We calculate employees differently I guess because you're saying you only have 30. How many employees. We have 30 hour. Our row show you have 41 paid payroll employees right. Right 35 or 34 currently five civilian and two. Right but the five civilian that's office staff. Yes. Correct. Okay. And it is a different dynamic for most because you know we have to have one supervisor on the road for patrol shift to managing incidents that occur. That you're your detective supervisor is very specialized in what they do. And the manpower hours they put in on the cases they work in the things that they do in that section. So it's different than most jobs where you have a supervisor that manages all these people that are doing the same thing the functions are drastically different. The requirements are drastically different. Thank you. Ms. Boris. How many sergeants have you had in the past is this the lowest you've ever been have you had more. And I know you're new but like past. Cheese. How are we. On sergeants currently were full on sergeants with this is an added sergeant spot. Maybe I'm not understanding the question. Have you ever had more than seven sergeants in the police department. I mean I've been here since all because not since I've been here this is this is cool. I didn't think you would know it. Yeah. Okay so we can't basically judge apples to apples. We don't know what's on pass. Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah maybe I guess clarification so they have you three shifts. You have you have a day they crew in a night crew per shift. So you got two sergeants per patrol shift. We have sergeant over detectives also handles correct not only those two detectives in the most two cases that they handle and the hours of manpower they put in every day but also that same sergeant currently handed seven resource officers that deal with all the schools and communicates with LPSO because they run the school resource program. Correct. And then after next year Arca is going to be requesting another S or their school because they're opening their high school so that's going to be another school resource. I mean eight school resource plus the two tactics that they're all over currently with that one supervisor. Well I guess I guess maybe just some comments from our fellow members. I have two things one being after going through the last 12 months