 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you we you a Americans that has leaders that are seeking your will, Father, and every decision they make. Pray that you bless this time together. We pray this in Jesus name me, amen. Amen. Unfortunately, this is too late. In the United States of America. And to the Republic, for which it stands, for humiliation under God, given the visible liberty and justice for all. Miss Gidry, please call the roll. Miss Barres? Here. Mr. Volgiano? Here. Mr. Romero? Here. Mr. Nyland? Here. Miss Jean-Pine is absent. All right, you have Miss Jean-Pine sent us a note of short time ago that she regrets she's unable to attend this evening. So agenda item 3.1 is Mr. Mark Cimo. And it's here this evening to address the council on an easement associated with a repartition of property located at 813 Young Street. Mr. Cimo, floor is yours, sir. Thank you. Eric, everybody can hear? Yes, sir. OK. My concerns for a map that was approved for a repartition after I found out a year later that there was an abandonment and relocation of a servitude that was approved. I think you all have a map of that. But I'm going to just read the statement that I think BAM provided to you all so that we can clarify what the map says and what it doesn't say. OK, so we want to obtain and document clarification on the matter regarding city regulations and due process of the law regarding the proposed abandonment and relocation of an access servitude from an original document in the clerk of courts office a map 2015, that has 91400, which is a property that I bought two years ago with all the rights, ways, privileges, and the pertinences to the property, which includes a servitude to how we not need to. OK, that's that map. The landowners were like to document our public opposition to the abandonment and relocation of an existing access servitude as implied in the approval plat. We understand that the boundary line adjustment is one thing. But the removal of an relocation of an access servitude is another. So the approval, you have a copy of, it's 2023 11602. So we would like to oppose that abandonment and relocation until the city review and due process of the law has been obtained. No legal instruments have been provided that would indicate that this has been done. And it shouldn't have been because it's not part of a boundary line. OK, so the next item would be the landowners acknowledged that they proposed abandonment and relocation of the servitude as noted in the approved plat or not inclusive of the boundary line adjustment and may be dealt with through other legal means. So we're just waiting on that to happen. Nothing has happened since this proposal regarding access relocation. So the landowners would like to obtain legal clarification and to the official record to be recorded in the clerk, of course, the office and with a special note added to the margin of the original plat indicating that the approval of the proposed servitude changes in the plat or not implied. Nor has there been any legal instrument presented to support the changes. So the legal process of approving this map was done April 19, 2023. Servitude law and statues of limitations may apply to what Maul writes or due to that fact, I think we have two years to dispute an action, which is why we're here tonight because that two years is going to be up April 19, 2025. We dispute the fact that the re-alignment of this servitude was done without proper legal investigation and with any consideration for the rights of us as property owners. Now, the map also indicates that 17 entities got notice of this map as approved by a mayor. Not one of these 17 entities is the land owners involved with the access to their property. So that's one issue. I'm only here tonight to document the problems associated with this map and how it came about and the guarantee that my servitude rights by the law within the two years' statues of limitations. If that two years' statue applies, servitude law is all over the place on statues, two years, 10 years, 30 years, all over. We just want to make sure that within the two years of this application and approval that we can publicly document we are opposed to that section of the map and approval. So as an example, slim co is elicit on here. I have a right to run slim co electricity in that servitude, 30 feet. If it's moved, that negates any possibility of slim co getting to my property. So that's one issue that could come up slim co. I go to slim co. I want to get electricity. They come over here. Look at this map. Over can't do it. The servitude has been moved. Okay, there's very much complicated issues involved in moving the servitude. My uncle and my cousin thoroughly researched the location of the servitude and through the metro code and Lafayette parish decided that this way needs to be. Now we have to deal with the legal ramifications of maybe a movement. And I'm ready to put electricity back there. Okay, where do I go from here? So what we're asking is that the city of Young'sville, since they recorded this map in the Cook of Courts office that the city of Young'sville record a correction only pertaining to that one implied relocation and abandonment of the associated servitude, access servitude. And we asked that the approval process it improved, improved the review procedures the city of Young'sville involving future flat approvals. Mainly to include the land owners affected by such decisions. We had no clue. I found out by accident from Pam a year after this map was approved that I'm dealing with a possible location, relocation of access to my property. Okay, if I got two years to dispute that assumed relocation then I'm down to one year. Two year anniversary is April 19th this year. So which is why I'm on the agenda tonight and Wade and I have talked about it Pam and I extensively. And so I just want to make sure that there's a flag, continued flag that we maintain a flag or hold on any permits applied for this designated location until all parties have reviewed and approved any proposed project and the necessary legal instruments have been provided in the future. So I think as this plan is that can be, I know everybody copy this. If you have any questions or if Pam can answer fine, but I'd like to have a legal recording in the clerk, of course, office for future possible litigation because this is not going away. Everything is in limbo because the landowner won't provide legal instruments, won't proceed, won't even communicate with me. So I'm at a point where I needed to document publicly what the problems are and ask a solution. Thank you. I'd be happy to answer any questions. Well, we have tried and worked with Mr. Seymour has been very patient. We, Pam and I both tried to get out there at the same time. Pam was able to go and look at the situation. So I think Pam can speak more intelligently on it than I can, but I think it warrants more research. And I did have a letter to the mayor on August 8th. So we've been dealing with, since my knowledge of the situation, my problems associated with this, have has an approach to doing a state business. And I don't know if that needs to be into the public record. It's a private record and that document is in Pam's packet for any projects at that location. So that may be sufficient. I don't need to go any further than that possibly, but just by speaking your tonight, I think I bet my lawyer tells me if I get public documentation that we discussed it at an open meeting, then that's finally can proceed in the future if there's any litigation. Okay, so thank you, Mr. Seymour. So this plot, apparently, this was when Clint was still here. The gentleman, I guess I think it's Jacob, right? Not Jacob. What's your nephew's name? He had approached him and what they approached the city was that they wanted to do a boundary line adjustment. But then when you look at the plot, what they actually submitted was a repartition. So on a repartition, that would come here. A boundary line adjustment, supposed to be just a boundary line adjustment. So that gentleman submitted it in here. And I think from a standpoint of the way he put it, that there was going to be a proposed access and it was going to be abandoned. Now, that would have come to me. I asked for the instrument. Give me the instrument of your, whenever we get plots, we always say, well, give me the instrument for the easements, but then give me this abandoned access easement agreement. Okay. And so I asked for it. Surveyor does it necessarily. I have to do it. He's just doing what the client tells him to do. The step that was missed was not, I say, missed, but they didn't think in like, well, they're just saying in the future, because some people when we approach them, they're like, oh, that's just something in the future. The problem began was once this was done, the other gentleman, he thinks, well, the city of Young'sville signed it, that means it changed. But there was no, there is no easement abandoning document at the courthouse. So technically, it has not been abandoned, because just by merely putting a line on a plat that doesn't abandon an easement that has legally been recorded, especially with side. So the first thing that that gentleman, where he believes that he has abandoned the easement, that's incorrect, that easement's still on file, it's still in there, it's still active. So the mere fact that it says proposed, and that it says to be abandoned, doesn't mean it was actually abandoned, but that is what that property owner says, which is why they want to put a building, which would block Mr. Seymall's access, but would also change the easement. So my recommendation is that there should be a letter clarifying to this property owner that you did not submit an easement abandonment document. Therefore, the easement is still existing, and that you said you were going to propose a new one, but you never gave an easement agreement associated with the new access. So there's nothing on there. I do believe the plat needs an active correction, which would be the responsibility of the person who has an incorrect plat. And again, they submitted as a boundary line adjustment, and the survey are clearly put that it was a repartition of property on the plat. Yes, sir. And in the map, it also shows the 30-foot offset to the existing servitude. Well, a far truck has no possible way of negotiating that kind of an angle. So the map, even if it were eventually approved, details have to be specifically analyzed, and the city of Young's Village and Engineers, and everybody involved to come out there and do an assessment. Well, there's a couple things. I mean, one, but I think the public needs to hear whatever you're discussing. I was just talking about, yes. So anybody can walk anything to the courthouse and walk away with the fact that it's recorded. So the fact that it has my signature on it, they would do it regardless of that. So when something submitted here as a boundary line adjustment, we had an associate that reviewed it for that part. Pam's got 30 years of experience, so she likely would have caught it. You're absolutely right. But just the fact that that question may or may not have been asked, I don't know. But I'm in favor of sending a letter to whoever wrote the plan and the property owner, making them aware that there is a, that there's question relative to it. We should send it certified, and then we should record that in the courthouse referencing this. I think that's the action that we need to take. I mean, and I think that that would satisfy your ability to still reference that, because we can send an acknowledgement, I mean, hey, after further review, you know, I mean, the language, you know, if we're reviewing it now, I mean, we would have asked for this or whatever, but the proposed or what all that stuff doesn't make it, you know, I think what the issue is, for just for the context, proposed to me doesn't mean that it's, I think the issue is that the person that is denying you access to the servitude is choosing to interpret it as, oh, no, this is the new one and it shows proposed. So really what's happening now is I agree a more thorough process here. If I have somebody that's 30 years of experience, may have questioned it more, but at the same time, the standard of care at the courthouse is, with or without this, you can go record anything you want. And that's the fact. We've asked them for us to not record anything if it doesn't have this. That's not part of their standard of care process. So I think the issue really is that we have to take a position to say, for you to know, we're not going to recognize the proposed language on the plat that was recorded on this day. So that way it at least solidifies what your conversation has been with your neighbor. And there's no question because he sees, oh, proposed, this is real, it's legit. Another person may look at it differently now. Well, my lawyer does look at it differently. We're working on that in Madrid because we need resolution to it because I'm ready to put service to the property. And then soon, a road. I mean, all this has to be decided. And it's not for me to have the burden of proof that I can put a road right there. Sure. So it just unfortunate. I regret that, I mean, we, there's times that plat language, we load it up, we load it up to the gills sometimes when we want to be in abundance of caution. You know, so, you know, I think in this case, the way it was presented was, and we recognize that we have had opportunity when it comes to, oh, I'm just doing this. The biggest problems that we have when it comes to, we've heard that story, oh, this is just family property I'm doing a state plan. And this isn't the case here, by the way. But oh, we're just doing some a state planning. This has been my, this has been 40 acres has been in my family for 50 years. All I'm doing is I'm just doing this in this. And this is from my son, my daughter, my daughter-in-law. But then next thing, you know, the daughter-in-law sells to this one. This one doesn't talk and it's new people and you have a development. And guess what? The development has no improvement. So I agree with you that we have to be more, we have to apply a universal standard of care and don't get caught up into that. All I need to do is, you know, this, you know, sort of. And regardless of what happened here, I may still be faced with the situation anyway. Sure. Because of what the issues are. Right. Well, I think what we can do to be more supportive of your, of the, of the situation is we owe you a clarification of our interpretation of it to your neighbor. And then I'm going to recommend that we record that same letter in the courthouse. And so that way he knows or she knows that proposed is, that proposed is not happening. And so when I go to slimco and there's a problem because they say, well, they move this thing or just refer them to, to pay. I'm sure all that's a permit process. Yes. At that point, we're not going to get caught up in missing the paper trail between my request to slimco and actual lines on the ground, right? I think you're doing the right thing and I don't want to see the statute of any limitation run out on you. No, I appreciate that. I appreciate it too. Yeah. Mr. Mark, let me say, let me say this. If nothing canceled, that's, nothing created the servitude. Okay. That's just like, I'm taking, taking off on with the mayor set just because you record a plat, then make it happen. Okay. So unless both landowners agree to the servitude, then there's no servitude. Now a servitude can be abandoned by mutual agreement between the parties or 10 years non-use. Okay. So if you don't use it in 10 years, it goes away. So if you don't have that, then your servitude still valid. Oh, yeah. And if, if he wants to move the servitude, it's at 100% his expense. So none of that's happened. Nothing in that direction. And a gravel road, hard service to the point of exactly what I have right now. Access to get them a property. But I'll take off on with the mayor set and we'll prepare a letter for you. You, yeah. A question. Question for you, you were in the call. Does this need to be an actual item by the council? Or can you proceed with the recommendation from the mayor? I think we can proceed with the recommendation from the mayor, but welcome up an action by the council. If you feel like it's only ask because of so we need to probably move to other business to make it actual more right now. I don't think it says sir. We do want it. We wanted Mr. Seymont to have the platform to be on record to objective, right? And that's why I'm being comfortable saying what our intention is. I appreciate working with Pam and Wade. But she might not be here too long. I don't know. Hey, Mr. Seymont. She's going to go before I will promise. I like working with Pam. I mean, she does me in the right direction. Yeah. Good. Well, and you know what? Just one more point that the council doesn't have just it's not in it's not in the packet. But what Mr. Seymont held up and I think Pam has a copy of it too. That's a letter from our engineer at the time to me recommending the recording of that plot. Is that correct? Right. Of a boundary line adjustment. So, you know, it didn't just create a sort of it didn't just land, you know, like this with less signatures of the courthouse. And it did go through a process. Now, it arguably I believe it would have been viewed differently. But we had some more season reviewer on it. There's no question. There's no question. Thanks for the season. Well, that's not an offensive term. No, that's why I like season. I like season to not know. You never know it's offensive these days. I don't want to be. Mr. Seymont, we nothing but respect for you and your family, sir. We will this. I think that I think that Mr. Tron knows exactly what we need to do. And we'll make sure that we supply you with a copy of that in due order along with the paper that where we've recorded it as well. So, all right. Thank you both. And I appreciate you all being here. All right. On a, maybe a lighter now. Mr. Charles Schwarmis here this evening, along with crew lobby do and crew the Akkadian. And they want to announce their upcoming festival, which is bringing you our burgers. Hamburger and hot dog festival, BYOB, which is going to be held on Sunday, April 13th at the Youngsville Sports Complex, Amphitheater. So, Rusty Charles, Flores yours, gentlemen. Thank you so much for allowing me to speak. What I wanted to do is just actually give a formal invitation to the council. Let everybody know. Last year we had a really successful BYOB event. And we catered towards the part apartment this year. We tried to change things up and we're going to cater towards the police department. Due to the success that we had last year, we kind of career up a little bit more. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. And thank you for the sports complex as well as the Tim for allowing us to use the facilities this year. Just wanted to clarify that we're going to do Sunday, April 13th, from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. We are goal is to raise $5,000 and we're going to split that between Bruce R. PD and Youngsville PD. We've got a bunch of fun activities lined up. This year we expanded on our vendor section. So we're going to have 20 plus vendors. We're going to have reshooting for 30 cooking teams right now and the 20s right now. So we've got a little bit of room to work with. We have a huge kids corner. Again this year petting zoo, face painting, balloon artist, a bunch of other fun stuff to do as well. We're going to have a live raffle, 50 50 we're going to have an auction. There's been a lot of things to do. The ultimate goal here is to corrode the event and hopefully turn it into a true big festival to keep on our side of town. This year I got to help got to help Mr. Rusty, he's going to help me coordinate it. He's also going to be one of the judges for it and he's going to talk a little bit more about himself and our special. Our special awards I guess will. So how you're doing for those of you who don't know me. I'm Rusty, Noel with Rusty seasoning. I really wanted to compete in this and for some reason I wasn't allowed to. I was told I compete enough. No, I'm just I'm honored. Like everything that happens in Young'sville. This is going to be a great event, a great time for a great calls. With me coming on as a judge, we competition cook every weekend. I wanted to really structure this to be very competitive but very fair. So that's on the. Open side. I created an award for the police departments. We are going to do a little pit a little rivalry between Bruce or the young'sville PD and their own separate burger competition with a travel and belt whichever department wins gets to keep the whole. W W e belt at their department till the following cook off in the following year. Nothing like robbery amongst police departments, but no, I'm just honored to be part of this and and do good for our law enforcement, you know, because they're always there for us. And thank you guys for having us for sure. Thank you so much. That's it. I hope to see you out there. Hope you guys are ready. Thank you. We're excited to welcome it. You guys to Young'sville and I had a great time last year. I went to the. I'm excited to have it here in Young'sville. So looking forward to thank you, Rusty Charles. All right. 3.3 is a presentation of the 2025 Young'sville Morty Girl Awards and the following categories best original float was number 17 crew depets. Pretty is float number 23. I'm assuming it's the do got crew in most spirited float number 54 crew decaying. Anybody here representing. Okay. Okay. Well, maybe. Come on up to one at a time. Maybe come on up. Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I think we got. So got them all here. All right. So which one which one are you crew to pass? Crue to pass. Okay. Best original float. What was your tell us about your theme? What was it? Well, I just wanted something different, but easy to put on and take off. And we all came up with the duck one. Like it. And we printed the ducks and the shells and. It looks really good. So yeah, those are second year. So it's not your not your first time riding with this thing. No, I've been riding with you. I rode on horseback. I used to ride. Yeah, when I was younger on horseback. And then we did the floats for a while. And then my kids went into high school. And they both played baseball. So I couldn't do it. Yeah. Because they always played on night. And then we came back after they graduated. We were honored to have you back. And thank you for all the attention and detail that you put into it. So maybe we'll get a picture with everybody at the end. But this is for you. Congratulations. Thank you. Who else is in the audience with this thing? Oh, here we go. Yeah, come on up. Mr. Lewis, right? Yeah. And let's see which one, which one? Most spirited. Okay. Tell us about your flow. That's the family. Okay, Lewis. Yeah. I mean, I said it's good as it used to be the Lewis family. Sorry. It's kind of the name. We've been young people for a long time. Can you remember? I mean, we didn't decorate anything other than the sign. That's where I live. I think it's been riding for eight years just us as Lewis folks. Well, spirited flow, I think, I wasn't one of the judges, but I think spirited flow probably goes into not just the way it was decorated, but probably that. I mean, you could find a play now on the little window. Yeah. You know the crown. You could play it up the crown. I heard it. Oh, my God. Well, we. I want to give this to you. Come back up if you don't mind. Yeah. And so we can take a, so we can take a root picture. We didn't discuss this exactly as a team, but for the winners, we are given a discount. I didn't say that last year. So we'll, we'll coordinate that with y'all to where you're entering fee for next year. We'll be, you know, that we didn't talk about it as a committee member. But we'll, we'll work it out. Yeah. I want to get you here in the front. Maybe in here. Yeah. Let's go. Sure. Okay. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We did a little bit. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all don't move out of the chair. Alright. Ready. One. Two. Three. Okay. Okay. Oh, I don't know if I'm that tall. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Maybe this year if I promised this discount thing by. I don't think so. So they went back to that and was like, I don't know. Okay. This kind of date, three, three, four, six. The extended email makes sure you don't know. Please. If they go very much, they go for a consistent date and part of it, and I hope you'll have a great time. I always have a good report to see you. I'll be back next year. Hmm. All right. Let's see. All right. One's approval of the February 13, 2025 meeting minutes. All right. Motion by Mr. Boljano. Is there a second? Oh, second. Oh, it's okay. Seconds by Ms. Barres. Okay. Any, uh, yeah, we're having, they, they, they, they, they, any public, any council comment or any public comment. Any questions relative to the, uh, to the meeting minutes. Okay. Uh, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barres? Yes. Mr. Voljano? Yes. Mr. Romero? I was staying. I was absent. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Motion approved. Right. 5.1 approval of the January 2025 finance report. Make a motion to accept. Second. Motion by Ms. Barres. Second by Mr. Romero. Our CFS put the financial report has, along with the financial reports, you gave you this evening to copy the sales tax report. Catherine, do you want to update the council? Sure. So, collections for the month of February, as you see in front of you, um, at one point, um, one point million, um, a little over, um, a little less than last month, but, um, considerably over, last year by 5%. So it's still trending on a, well, um, very good. Yeah. So eight, eight months of the fiscal year, up five, uh, 0.08 ahead of the previous year, uh, just for the, for, to remind you guys in the public, we did budget a 0% sales tax growth, uh, and that's eight, eight consecutive months where each month, uh, was exceeding the previous year's, uh, sales tax revenue. All right. There's a motion. Second. Any comment? All right. Um, Ms. Gidrew, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Thank you. Council 6.1. That's a request for a preliminary, preliminary plat approval to subdivide seven, oh three church street until lots one A and one B located in section seven, T 11s, R five E. So, um, in your packet, council's a, oh, I'm sorry. You come on up. Sure. Yeah. Uh, I'm sorry. I don't think I've, uh, John Harvey. John Harvey. Okay. I hope you've got it in the contract. Trying to borrow it. Gotcha. Okay. Uh, what thank you for being here, Mr. Harvey. Um, Council in your, in your, in your packet was a letter from Garrett Noel. He did the, uh, review of the requests to subdivide the property. It's basically taking for the public's benefit. It's taking, uh, one piece of property at the corner of church and fifth street. That's currently. 67 feet of frontage on church street and 165 feet of frontage on fifth street. So 67 by 165. And the request is to subdivide it into two parcels, each being 67 by 82 and a half. Uh, and, uh, on, um, did you plan to present this or not really? You did. Okay. Please. I wasn't sure since it was on by Garrett. We still review everything with him. Um, so there are some plat revisions that are listed on here, but I think, but the main part that we wanted to discuss is that just similar to, uh, one that came before us in, um, the Royal area a couple of months ago, it doesn't meet the minimal square footage that you have. So without a council variance for the less than the 7,000 square feet to be able to divide it. We can't from at our, at our area to our level to be able to say approved, not can get without council approving, um, basically are granting a waiver for the smaller square footage. Um, these are these lots that it is divided into is going to be very similar to the older type of lots that we have downtown and similar in size to one that you guys approved with a variance a few months back across the street from green tea lending. So it's similar there. As you all know, Royal area has some large lots, some small lots, but there are lots that are even smaller than what this would be divided to. It's just based on our ordinance. It doesn't meet the minimum square footage. That is the only thing outside of that. Everything else can be a plat revision as far as for legal descriptions and things like that. But that is the only ordinance that would need to be that would have to have a variance from the council in order for it to move forward. Thank you. Thank you, Pam. Mr. Harvey, anything you'd like to address or maybe share with the council? Well, she said it very well. I was just going to point out as she just did that within roughly a one block area, there are at least 13 other lots that are the same size or even smaller. So it is consistent with what I'm asking. I know this isn't really what the council is hearing tonight, but I mean just to let you know because I have a feeling it's maybe on your mind is that Mr. Harvey knows the requirement about town homes. He knows the public comments to sentiment, you know, he knows that those would have to come back before you if that is the desired use, but he's indicated to the permitting office that the intention is to single family houses one on each of the lots. And from those conversations, it would be two single family residential houses one per lot and there's no request for any setback variances on that. So setbacks for that neighborhood is our standard, which would be five feet on the sides, 20 in the front, 10 in the rear. The applicant is aware that that's what he would be that's what he would be doing. I do have a copy of the actual home plans we intend to build if anyone's interested in looking at them. Thank you, sir. You have them with you. Thank you. I mean, we've had a lot of discussions about this area and what can and can't be done. I think the compromise that is a lot of these lots are going to be subdivided divided into two is the preference. I think that's what you're bringing us obviously or I know that's what you're bringing us. I haven't had a chance to look at this yet. I'll be happy to motion to approve the answer quest for seven or three church into lots one a and one B. Okay, motion by Mr Romero. Second by Mr Bolgiano. Is there any council comment or discussion question? Any public comment or question? Mr. Strong. I'm sorry, Miss Alburero. Apology. Habit. My apology. I appreciate you guys looking at this really close. The conversation that was had with old town youngsville constituents and this council was that we have a very high density rate of occupation already and that we were allowing large high density developments to be created. A lot of town home developments and we already have small tight one way roads congestion in and out of schools. We have three schools and three blocks, you know. And that you guys were going to be hopefully working with all town constituents to create some ordinances that would protect us. And that you can see from usages other than homes and other such things that other than single family dwellings. If in fact we have really small lots, lots that are smaller, at least I appreciate this guy. He's a little bit more excited to try it and do. He wants to single family homes. That's better than town homes. But we would really like it even more. He would take the lot and put one house on it. If we allow, you said there, Pam, you said there are lots even smaller than what we currently have, what he currently has. So I want to get in a practice at this point of some of those lots that are larger in coming back and getting chopped up into little bitty tiny pieces all over town. And now we still have that even higher rate of congestion going on. Do we want to do that right now prior to the full conversation of what are we really going to do with old town. And what protections are we going to put in place for old town. And if we, if we do this kind of stuff now, if we keep allowing these things happen before we decide, will there be anything left to decide when it comes down to it. So I just, I just ask for a little bit of caution if you so deem it and that we kind of put the brakes on things and try to encourage a decision on what are we going to do with old town so that these guys who are coming in and wanting to do something with it, know what they can't do. And I guess that's about all I wanted to say. Thank you. Thank you, ma'am. Is there anyone else that wishes to address the council? I agree. It's people have been coming in and warning variances on the smaller lots than is recommended by an engineer. We don't need any more congestion in that area. Consider it's right next to young's film metal green tealins three box away. And it's right. I'm going to say this that at that meeting had a lot of people there. A lot of feedback and the what I walked away from that. I feel like we were way away from what we can do on our ordinance. And right now we are as far as what can be done in that area. The downtown area is very unique because you can go a half a block and there's a large home. And you go down another half a block and there's three different little buildings that people are living in on a lot. Turn the corner and it's a school turn another corner now it's town homes. So I do feel we put the brakes or slowed down a lot of what was happening. I think the compromise for me personally is what I've heard from people is we have all these empty lots they look horrible they're not being cut. You know abandoned semi abandoned homes like that and we have people wanting to come in and not disagree with the three four homes on a lot. And then someone who wants to come in and divide a property and put something that's slightly larger than what some of the things are down there not all of them but some of the lots and help beautify a little bit of that area is a win in my book. Yes it creates probably two extra cars potentially because instead of one lot having two cars now you have two homes maybe two cars at most. But I think no matter what with the way the school is with traffic in general and how small those roads are we're always going to have traffic issues down there. I don't I mean we did a traffic study and turned into one ways and I still don't know if that truly helped out a lot like the results I think it helped a little but I think it's caused a little confusion too. We opened up we opened up the park for school traffic and I still hear complaints from residents on that. I don't know if there's a true fix to it all and stopping development. I mean we can't close the doors. If we close the doors the young will we might as well just turn the false of the awful and the tax revenue and everything else. My conversation was not that you guys should stop the vote by any means. I'm missing. What I hesitate or ask you to hesitate on is taking a lot and chopping it up into little bitty pieces with little bitty houses on each beat that where the houses are now going to be pushed to the boundaries. You know where you're just stacking them all up. What is the difference between that and the townhouse development? We're not going to have to abide by the boundaries the setbacks and all that we're not giving a variance on setbacks similar to it was a January meeting or the December meeting it came up. Yeah and you know it's not that it's all he's asking for is I want to split this lot up. I'm going to abide by the setbacks. Yeah you have a lot that has setbacks but now you got to cut it too and. How many square feet are the homes? Definitely. Just over a thousand. I mean I don't see people coming in putting two thousand plus homes in the downtown area. That's what that lot would call for if it's two homes put together it's almost two thousand square feet. I'm not trying to be defensive or anything like that. I'm just opening it up to we have to meet somewhere on it. I think for now it's a good compromise. We don't it's not a ton of people coming to us. We've had setback variances and stuff and we have not done a lot of that. I think something like this in my opinion this is only me because I made the motion. I agree with it because I see a lot of positives with that corner on church street being developed and having you know beautification. I think no one who lives in old town would disagree that people purchasing and putting homes on any of those lots would not be a beautification. It would be. It wouldn't have been a good choice if it had been a good choice. It would have been a good choice. If you were going to take downtown lots and chop them up into little bit. It becomes okay to check. Yeah, I don't want it to become a new place. We don't want to set a precedent. Don't want to create. There's not much difference between you know taking a large lot, chopping it up in four pieces. And taking the large a lot and putting four townhouses on. So basically the same thing. Yeah. So just hesitate with that just a little bit. I got a question. There are a question. Mr. Nile and I know that I saw that you had a question. Are you okay? Yeah, I'm good. Okay. Any other public comment that's out there. All right. So we had a motion in a second. Okay. Mr. Guidjury, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nile. Yes. I'm sorry. No. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. Right. I mean, before we move on, I guess I just want to make one comment about it. I'm thinking about it. I'll suggest that there's still potentially some opportunity with regards to. I'm going to share this with my colleagues. We've had meetings relative to that area. We had a nice representation. I feel like. I think the council heard the feedback of, you know, that's careful how dense we're going and things like that. So I feel like the. The town. So what I'm going to speak to here is really not relative to. Do you want a townhouse or not? I mean, I think that's really about, do you want. He's a body and sing two single family homes. What I want to share though is I think for something to maybe to think about that I think may satisfy Miss Ray. Maybe the materials. So just be thinking that I mean those town homes while I think there was some resistance fundamentally about town homes. Those town homes just to remind. I was trying to look for a picture of them. But I don't want to be distracted on my phone because I may not be able to find it quickly. But those town homes were a really great material. Each one had a garage. I believe there was exterior material that consisted of brick and a variety of. A variety of materials there. So there because on town homes that's what you've asked for through your application of that or through that ordinance that the that the materials. You know, be. We really wanted to say if you want to do a town home it has to be nice because we could take it examples around the community where it's not nice. So because that area has some character and I don't think it's really particularly. We had an architect coming. He said, you know, you can only use materials that were around like before the automobile and stuff. I mean, that may be going too far with it. But I guess I'm just this solve the question of having a house but not a town home. But I would probably just suggest for our thought that that town home may have been twice the cost of that house. So it really depends not that one's better than the other but what's really the goal there? You know, if it's affordable housing, well, this may be what you're looking for. If it's to have something that's going to be that's going to lead the comp set down there or create a new comp set down there. Then that probably would have been those town houses with the garages and really nice interiors and things like that. So maybe there's still opportunity to talk about or maybe it's just minimum lot size and sticking to it, you know. The minimum lot size is the total common concept of minimum lot size. It's based on what you can expect to get. Yes. It's trying to play with that. And always simply ask to do this. I know all of you guys probably do. You guys, you're made with this all regulated. You have it the way your house on either side, you want to cost the street looks very similar to the side and cost to what you want. That is not the case for all town. You don't have those controls. So you should ask yourself before you're through for all town. Would you want this across the street or your house or your neighbor? Well, I think that yes, I think that is sure. Well, that's certainly that's certainly a fair question. I would I would I would also just share into the conversation that. I mean development for property values, I think in. Probably arguing arguably improves it because we're talking about a piece of property where. The city has spent money cutting the grass and maintaining it and cutting it. And whether it's a previous council or this council said that no mobile home can be on that site. You know, so when that last mobile home left, so mobile home can't go on it. So we're we've been waiting for the perfect. We've been waiting for somebody to come and build a, you know, traditional house, basically as it existed. And maybe that may be okay, you know, but from up for a concentration of when we look at where we're looking at like nuisances and things like that across our community. There's more properties that are adjudicated, meaning that there's there's like, you know, nuisances abandoned owners. The reason it looks good is because your tax dollars are cutting it and maintaining it. That's what's going on in that area, you know, overall. So it feels great and it looks good because like we're investing a lot of money through public resources to make sure that it's being kept up. You know, so I agree that some of the density developments like, you know, I think avenue A to town on avenue A won't happen again. It's, you know, two dense. They may be beautiful products, but it's there. They're two dense. What happened on fifth street. That's just coming on the market. Won't happen again without there being a, you know, a future council varying. And so I do think that they're trying to really do something there that's going to be for the betterment of it. But whether the, the, the, the, Ms. Barra is just to clarify one point. The engineer is just pointing out that it's the council's ordinance. So they can't recommend something that goes against the ordinance. So she's not, she's not calling it into question because it's, you know, it meets some, you know, code other than just the code that's been imposed by, by this body. So in any way, I sense that there's more discussion that needs to be have there. I'm certainly willing to do it. I know some own took interest in it. Miss Andrew did. You did as well. I mean, I'm happy to continue discussing it because if I know how to solve the situation there, I'm happy to, to draft an ordinance and put it before the council. But it may also have to come from within the community through the council because how we're, how we're managing that area now is through. So keeping the grass cut in it, looking sharp and, you know, those type of things to just try to make it a desirable, keep it a desirable area, I should say. Mr. Nile. Yeah, I just wanted to say with, with that area, the feedback that I heard was we want beautification. And that obviously beautifies that area. But with the single family homes as well, I think of walkability for young families with green tea, London right there. It gives the opportunity and affordable opportunity to move into Young'sville. I know of me personally right now, if my family was looking to move to Young'sville, we probably wouldn't. And I think that's why I think that the community is looking at the places now are at the point of being almost outside of the price range for what I would feel comfortable coming into homes and this this type of establishment building something new like that whenever I was looking eight years ago, they didn't have any homes in that area. We looked and there wasn't any that we would want to move into where I'm at now was supposed to be a three to five year home, but it's probably going to be closer to 10 to 12 years. And so that's the way that the pricing of houses is going up. So when you have these people developers that are looking to come in and beautify an area, provide walkability to schools and foster park right there. I think it's an awesome opportunity for younger families to be able to come here and have that opportunity to live within our great city and something that would be affordable for them. So I know I look at it and so I understand the whole town home thing, but I think two small family homes that can be starter homes for people. I think it does increase property value instead of putting some 2000 square foot home that you know it's that's a very unique situation for someone to want to come and do that and obviously nobody's wanted to at this point. So yeah. 7.1. Appointment to the young soul municipal police civil service board representing the college list board member for three year term from a list of applicants submitted by Dr. Joseph Savo, president of the University of Louisiana Latvia and a letter dated February 5th 2025. I think that's a good question. I think that's a good question. Councilmember Romero. Yeah. Mayor after speaking to some of the appointees are not potential nominations. I'd like to go in and make a motion to appoint Mr. Lewis Randy van decor. I would like to thank all of you who have been on the list and I'd like to thank all of you for the support that I had received. I'd sent out questions to all of them. I just want to let everybody know that we're really picking from some great candidates here. I mean, we've got claim investigators people who serve with the laughing pair of share of office. Just a very impressive resume for all of them. And so it's definitely a difficult decision and I just want to thank all of them for putting their names in the hat and given this this opportunity to pick from such a great great list of gentlemen. Thank you, sir. No, I'll second the motion made by Mr. Romero. All right. Is there any other nomination? All right, any public comment or any council comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote for the appointment. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Ms. Barraz? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Vanacore? Mr. Brue. Thank you, sir. Thank you, sir. Yes, ma'am. Yes. I'd like to thank the council again for proving me to, I think it's a very important position. I'll take you very seriously. I'm looking forward to working with other members. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you, Mr. Vanacore, for serving. All right. Jim N item 9.1. Let's see. Maybe we do Pam. And then we'll hear from Susan. 8-0. 8-0. Sorry about that. Excuse me. All right. 8.1 resolution 2025. 06. A resolution of the city of Young'sville. Declaring movable property of surplus and further authorizing disposal and accordance with state law. Mr. Romero. Motion to approve resolution number 2025-06. Thank you, sir. Is there a second? A second. Second. By Councilman Barraz. Any council discussion? Any public comment? Okay. This is a list of equipment from the sports complex that's no longer needed for public use. There's no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nyland. Motion to approve. All right. Excuse my urgency. Why whatever. Pam. So with Pam, Susan, 10. So on Fortune Road, as everyone can see, they are continuing to do the concrete on the roundabout. Once they finish that, they'll do the asphalt. So as of right now, they are 30% time ahead of schedule. Just a, we're still on schedule to be late spring, early summer. So they're moving right along. On Highway 89, they are continuing to add the crush down under where the curb is going to be on the east side of the road. Center Point continues to do their relocations on the west side of the road. They are almost two fortune road. We have added a turn lane. We made some modifications to the plans to add a turn lane into a stable palms to issue that into the 90% plans for the contractor. On the river road, we've, the mayor just recently, the project manager from DOTD is trying to schedule a kickoff meeting in the near future for both the river road and the fortune road projects. The Highway 89, we still waiting the grant results, which will be this closer to the summer. Anzlem Huley drainage project, the drainage study has been approved. We are still waiting on the core permit. And then after that, we'd be able to do the appraisals. So that's where we are with that project. For Highway 92 in Prescott, we just finished getting some additional survey. And we are in a position to get with you, Mayor on Chimett, Aguillap for the phase one. We would be in a position to be able to have some plans for summer advertisement. Okay. That's what the city would still like to do. Any questions for Pam? So many events of her project, the Youngso Highway continue and it's really, I mean, you can really see the east curve there now that working on the west side. The lyrvier, the bits have been opened. So in fact, the contracts are upstairs. Nicole and I were just seeking some clarification on them to get that project started. So those are really the, I think, the main events. And Chimett, Aguillap is basically just an overlay of the guillot and datont sides coming in, but not really that s yet or that curve yet. Right. First phase is the outer parts of it. Okay. Any questions for Pam? Yes sir? I was sharing with the mayor today. I've been hearing a lot of feedback. I'm very shocked, but pleasantly happy with how 89 is going. Not a lot of disturbance to the community for such a large project. So it could as to you guys for making it easy to an extent. Growth is never easy, but for the large project, there is. Good job. Thanks, man. So Susan or Sarah? So you have my report in front of you. The wastewater plant, we're awaiting LDH and DEQ approval. Once we have that, we'll go to bed for the redesign. We reduce the scope on that. For the pump stations, pump station four is moving along. I got a projection of the schedule and it looks like in about a month, they should be done with that. Pump station four, Iberia street. Yeah. So they are moving along on that. Pump station three, they're still awaiting the pumps, but they do plan on moving in within the next two weeks. They're going to connect the force main from southern trails. That was just stopped there. They're going to connect that to the wet well so that they can do their pump station starter. And then we'll just shut it back down and finish our work on pump station three, which is on Young Street. The water plant is moving along. The report says 45% but they've done some more work since then. You can see the building going up. They're supposed to be complete in September. Sugar Mill pond, we're working on plants and plants for that. So that is moving forward. The water line interconnections, you've probably seen them laying water line on railroad street. They did some boards down up railroad and up parkwood. So that is moving along. That they're supposed to be, they have about 2,200 feet installed. That should be finished by June. And then pump station five, we're working on those plans right now. We should get those out in the next month or two. Any questions for Susan? I think the biggest change that noticeably from her report is the water line interconnections that's in the heart of the city, railroad, east parkwood area. With the objective there is it's taking water from our new water plant and it's basically connecting that to more residents within our community. So that's the work that's happening now. And the curve, most notably this week in the curve near railroad is if you were heading to public works. Right. All right. Questions for Susan? We'll move on in Sarah. Congratulations. The Sarah is recently married. So all right. Tim. Under sports programs, the YCT ball, baseball and salt ball, they will begin practice on Monday. The sugarbeats, springley will be well started, but we'll take it a week off for the southeast and slam tournament. We have 135 teams registered for the sugarbeats league. F and A football will start at the end of this month. They're practicing. Bitty basketball is into their all-star tournaments. Then all tennis programming. You know it's continuing. Rec center, pick a ball, council on the aging, free play continues. Special events in southeast and slam. Collegiate volleyball tournament is tomorrow and Saturday. The whole school is southeastern. So southeastern to Lane, University of Louisiana, Monroe, UNO, University of Southern Miss, Spring Hill College from Mobile, Alabama, University of Central Arkansas, and University Tennessee, Martin from Tennessee will be competing. With the weather, the changes will be that they'll play from 8 to 8 on Saturday. I'm sorry tomorrow 8 to 8 and then Saturday. They will play depending on the weather. They're ready to either delay the start or whatever the weather brings on Saturday. It's free admission for the southeast tournament. 2D baseball is beginning all their baseball tournaments on the weekends and at the YSC, you expansion fields, Cajun league girls, held the tournament this past weekend, have another one this weekend with about 40 teams in that tournament. MMA event coming at the end of this month at the Rec Center. For the new expansion, as we mentioned 2D tournaments in all the high school baseball and softball games are being played there. The STM Hope Fest will go on as planned. He's canceled the pickleball tournament, but the first band is not until noon, so they will hopefully be able to get underway at that time. The rotary globe pick of all tournaments is going to be March 15th at the new expansion. We'll have some more details to host our Easter extravaganza on April 19th. That'll be put on by Bonton, YSC, and one of our local churches. The Lions Club, they're Fato though, is coming their festival in May 10th and then the Pamberga High Delt Festival that was announced. And a yoga fest too coming in the fall. Yoga fest, yes. Yeah, I don't know. Just because I was that was in October. October. Alright, thank you. Anything? Yes sir. Yeah. Tim, I finally caught you. Rotary Pickleball is the 22nd, not the 15th. Oh, and all these years. You finally had one right. I like it. He never gets it wrong. It's okay though. It's alright. Hayley. Couple different events. I want to bring up first of all, Keeping Young'sville Beautiful. We are having our annual litter cleanup day on April 5th. The sign up is available on the city's website. If you go up to the top under living, Keeping Young'sville Beautiful, there's a link to sign up there. So I encourage you to bring your crew, whoever you've got, your friends, your family, sign up, come help us pick up litter around the city of Young'sville. Also I want to announce on April 8th is our annual Chamber Bank with the Chamber is celebrating 20 years. And so it is going to be a very fun evening. The tickets are available on the Chamber website. So if you would like to come and support your local businesses and support your Chamber, please sign up to get a ticket and come to the Chamber Bank with on April 8th. Also due to weather, we had to unfortunately cancel our first farmers market that was supposed to take place this past weekend. However, it is going to be the second Saturday of every month. So our next one will be held on April 12th. We are still accepting vendor applications. The website or the sign up for a vendor application is on the Chamber's website. So feel free if you know anyone who does arts and crafts, any kind of food vendors, we are happy to have them go and sign up, apply online. And again, please come out. We'd love to have the community come out and support those vendors, local businesses at their market on April 12th. And hope fest just to reiterate that is a free event for everyone in the community through St. Thomas Moore, but it is music entertainment. I mean, it is their 18th or 19th year. 18th year, we are honored to have them move from Moncus Park to the Youngsville Sports Complex. So that is for everyone to kick off as at noon. I think now noon on Saturday. Okay. Perfect. Any anyone from the day? Any council announcements? Yes, sir, Mr. Romero. Yeah, we talked about rotary briefly with events like that and pumpkin patch and other things. It definitely helps provide rotary club with opportunity to give back to community. So if you know any high school seniors that live in the city of Youngsville, rotary club right now is doing our annual scholarship. We're asking for any seniors to go ahead and apply for those. We give out $1,500 scholarships. This year we're actually up to $14 grand to be able to give out. So definitely a lot of our first of our labor paying off. So if you know any kids, have them apply, they have to the end of the month. All right. Thank you, sir. I also want to acknowledge Mr. Ben Was here representing Senator Kennedy's office. So thank you for being here, Jake. Appreciate it. Any other announcements or any further business before the City Council of Youngsville? Yes, sir. Mr. Nightland. I think the Chamber of Commerce has their scholarship open right now, too? Or did it just close? I think it closed tomorrow. Okay. It's for Chamber members. Yes. They're for family members or employees. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for bringing that up. Yeah. And happy St. Patrick's Day that's coming up on Monday. So, you know, where are you green? Mr. Mayor. I'm sorry. I wanted to say one more thing. I know I gave Qtos to some of the people, but the City staff, whether it's public works, fire, police, sports complex, everybody. I mean, I've experienced Marta Girl from the City side for 10 years now. That was probably the most experienced, like, expertly run. And I don't know. Especially the public works, guys. I mean, these people never get Qtos and police shared it. Like, I can't go on and on and brag about how impressive they handled things. Police presence was phenomenal. I mean, I know you had 60 plus more officers that you could see it. Sports complex, it was great. Didn't hear anything from the Mamba people, which is good. So, Qtos, everything they are doing, especially those guys. I know they don't get a lot of credit. Yeah, thank you, Matt. And that's just simply my closing remark. I'm sorry. No, no, no, I'm glad you did. Because, I mean, they can't hear it enough. I mean, we're fortunate to have a very great team. I want to thank Terry. I don't want to thank Nicole, Haley, Katherine, all of you. So, it was well run chief. It was a pleasure working with you during this year's Marty Grau. And, you know, look forward to continuing to provide a safe event for our community. As always, you know, we certainly appreciate any feedback from the event. So, we're already taking steps to plan ahead for next year. So, all right. Any other business? All right. As our motion to adjourn. Motion. All right. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second. Second. Second by Mr. Romero, all in favor. Aye. Aye. Meeting adjourned. Have a great evening. And thank you for allowing us to serve. Aye.