favor motion approved. 8.1 is two. Let's see, two ordinances for introductions. And I 8.1 is budget amendment ordinance 490, 2024. In ordinance amending the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Youngso, Louisiana for the fiscal year 2023-2024. Motion by Mr. Bolgiano. Second by Councilman Creed. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Ms. Kiddry, please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. 8.2, but I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. 8.2 budget ordinance 491, 2024. In ordinance adopting the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Youngso, Louisiana for the fiscal year 2024-2025. Motion by Ms. Barraz. Second by Ms. Champagne. Any council comment? Any public comment? We have scheduled our budget meeting for two weeks from 10.8, that's going to be on the 27th of June. Ms. Kiddry, please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. Okay, a pamphlet I'd like to go first and then Susan. All right, I'm good. Okay, so we have the 2024 roadway improvement project that's out for, that's be it advertised for bid. We'll take bids on June 26th, the day before the meeting. So we've already had quite a bit of interest in it. So we're hoping for some good bids. Fortune road, I'm sure you guys have seen the Fortune road extension in the roundabout that the contractor has been working to get the drainage done, getting the drainage done first. He's already prepped the sub base for the road and already dug out the detention pond. So his next things or his outfall and his the drainage all the way up to highway 89. So on highway 89, they will in the next week or two, you'll start seeing them starting to build the detour road along highway 89 and that's after they get that build, that'll just be so that they can shift traffic so that they can put in the drainage that's gonna be needed from one side to the other. So you'll start to see more work going on on highway 89 in the upcoming weeks as well as Fortune road. And you'll start to see that as they put more and more drainage, you're seeing the dirt piles gonna go down. That's out there, that's for backfillin of the drainage. Larivia Road, we submitted 95% final plans. We already received some of the comments back and have addressed those and remaining waiting on the remainder. The mayor and I saw, I think they have a December 7th bid date for that project, DUTD has. So I'm gonna make the assumption with DUTD, we'll be under construction at this time next year for South La Riviera Road widening project. Highway 92 and Prescott working on the design survey was completed working on the design. Shima Agriawe've given some modified alignments. I think we're just