All right. It's a tip in Ashley, my apology. Hey, Ashley, if you wouldn't mind, you can come forward. Yes, so with what you see there, there's two different quotes in front of you. One is for our in-car video system, and the other is for a combination of the axon body cameras and the taser energy weapons. That's called our officer safety plan and gives all of the backend digital evidence management software as well. That program with the body cameras, the taser energy weapons, and the digital evidence management system would start a lot quicker than the in-car video portion. So what that means is from a budget standpoint, this year, that one that I think there's like a 536 number potentially, that one would start sooner around a December timeframe would be without first payment. Everything else with the in-car system would happen a year from now after installation. We're not going to charge anything to the city until you guys actually have the gear in hand. The entire plan behind this is to create a sustainable program for you guys not just for year one, but out into the future of the Youngsville Police Department. With that in mind, also built into this plan is automatic hardware refreshes. So when you look at those numbers, it's not just one body camera per officer. It's every two and a half years getting a new body camera for that officer to make sure it maintains a full shift battery life, same with the in-car video. It's not just building in today's in-car video system, but also for the future. That way it keeps you nice and flat from a budget standpoint, and you're not going to have us coming back here and asking for a huge investment five years from now. All of that comes with automatic upgrades. So if Axon releases the Axon Body 4 camera, the Axon Body 7 camera over the next five year period, you guys would automatically get that new one at no additional cost to the city. Typically, how long is the lifespan on a body cam? So about three years is what we recommend. It might kick around or last a little bit longer than that, but you're not going to get that full shift battery life. That means that officers are having to plug it in in the middle of their shift or potentially miss out on a moment of important information without that full battery shift. So that's why we do those refreshes before you have that problem and before that video is missed, you're automatically getting a new one. Actually, as any of the spares that come with this, I can event the officers on shift and one goes down and it'll go to shift, they can go out and swap it out. Yeah, so there's, I think two spares built into this program currently that will be there. And then as well, if you have someone who's