 All right. Good evening, everyone. This meeting is called to order Thursday, February 9, 2023. We welcome to the young's Immunenceful Complex this evening. We'd like to call upon Pastor Travis Minick from first Assembly Young's Vodalita Center in vacation. And if you please remain standing our pledge this evening will be led by our new mayor, Pro Tem, Mr. Matt Romero. For being a God who is not absent, a God that is involved in every part of our life. Lord, tonight we pray for your wisdom, your guidance and your support. As we discuss what, what is happening in your city, Lord, just continue to guide our community or give us wisdom, give us unity, Lord, and just give us, give us your total wisdom and guidance, Lord. Well, we thank you. We pray this and your blessed holy name. Amen. Pledge of allegiance to the flag of the United States of America. And to the Republic, what was your stance? One nation under God, and individual with liberty and justice for all. All right. Good evening, everyone. Again, we'll go ahead and move right into the meeting. A gen item 2.1 is approval of the council meeting minutes, January 12, 2023. All right. Motion by Mr. Stansbury, second by Mr. Romero. Any council comments or discussion? In the skidry, please call the vote on the January minutes. Miss Rayo, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, Mr. Stansbury, Mr. Schumper. All right. Thank you, Council Finance Report 3.1, approval of the December 2022 Finance Report. All right. Thank you. Motion by Miss Champagne, second by Mr. Romero. Any council comments or discussion? All right. Well, I would like to take the opportunity to welcome Miss Catherine Greg to the city of Youngsville. She's been hired to be our deputy chief financial officer. Council members, I've shared with you guys already that Mr. Barley has indicated his intent to retire within the next future. The time period to be determined could be the end of the year or into next year, but with the rapidly growing city and all the accounts and all the projects, we've thought it was a good time to bring Miss Craig on board. So we welcome you to the city of Youngsville. She is a Youngsville resident and brings a lot of accounting experience to the table. So we're looking forward to sharing her. We're getting to learn from her experience as we continue to move the city forward. So welcome Catherine. Thank you. And also, I think I'm sorry, I didn't bring downstairs, but we have our sales tax report five months into the fiscal year. We are about, I think it was just shy of 10% of year of a year. Is that right? Yes, yes. All right, about 10% of year of a year for the public and the councils benefit. We were about six. We budgeted six percent up in sales tax growth. So we're exceeding that projection. So all right, Miss Gidry, please call the book. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Thank you. Preliminary plans. 4.1 requests for preliminary plat approval to combine lot one and track one into a 1.62 acre track for paradise. Dacqueries located section 12, T 11, SR for the. Before this meeting, we held a public comment where we were able to hear public comment on this item. So it's up to the discretion of the council at this time. I will accept the combination of a lot. All right. If the motion by Mr. Stansbury to combine the two lots. I'll start from second by Mr. Volgiano. Any council comment. All right. Miss Gidry, please call the book. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansbury. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Miss Ryo. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Great. Other business 5.1, paradise Dacqueries to request a variance to allow parking lot in the required green space. Kind of conflated the two issues during the public hearing. The request of the developer was to reduce the. Required setback from our green screen belt, excuse me, from 50 to 25. And we'll be able to approve the variance under the current stipulations. Making the 25 foot barrier to a 35 foot. Requiring a sound barrier, no outdoor music. There are hours of operation weekly. We'll go to 10 p.m. And then 11 p.m. on Friday and Saturday. And then the a g r license. We have a motion by councilmember Volgiano. Second by councilwoman Champagne. The council discussion on this item. We would like to talk about the sound barrier real quick. If we question Jimmy, if you don't mind. Yeah, we can just we can we can allow public comment again since this is a region. Okay. We can. Please. We have a discussion on the definition of sound barrier. We've talked about everything from. Bamboo to sound absorb it. Material. We wouldn't recommend concrete or stuff. Or is that creates a echo effect and actually compounds the sound. I think we just left it open as for. Okay. Maybe for you this time to come up with some discussion ideas. Okay. We can at that point we can we can be in on what you come up with. Very good. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Any recommendations. Are you have any thoughts on that? My initial thought is is not concrete. That's that would be. That would be something that would be counter not accomplished what the goal is. What about bamboo that was talked about is that something that. You think we'd be in the budget or. I don't think I have enough information to act like I know. I'm not here to. Just to sell you anything I don't know but I know the. Generally that noise abatement wall. Someone to invest for capri is. It's probably about quadruple the cost of the concrete wall. So I would look into to affect the barriers with with natural materials. Jimmy. Right here. Yes. So I'm sure you heard that some of the items so obviously the councils. I'm looking at both the residential and your development and trying to be neighborly and trying to bridge the gap here. So I want to make sure you know one of the reasons why the buffer to you know the 35 instead of the 50 requested. Really intense and not have any parking. Abate you know. Basically how you have it now nothing you know flipping it around or anything like that. Where you have parking up against you know closer to the fans line or that. So you know what you're doing. So you. What he proposed was to reduce the green belt from 50 to 35. You'll have a request of 25 but very soon we just changed to 35. Which I know. You know that property on that east side you actually can get closer. We can't. As discussed that that layout wouldn't wouldn't accommodate the parking requirements. And you're talking. So the variance that the 35 foot would be on the both of both legs of the western track. So you see how the angle part out at the entrance the angle parking. That's a direct effect of the 25 foot so so so adding 10 feet there. So that's what the stipulation is I'll give those requirements to the architect and go to the drawing board. But we found the threshold to meet that parking was around the 25 foot. Yeah well with the hours operation you know I understand. Yeah. 35 would allow you to gain parking on the the left leg right. And if you get that there are many. Yes. So. So as as we're talking with 35 we're going to lose 14 spaces in the main configuration. So geometrically we're not allowed we would not be able to gain 14 spaces in that rear of the figure. As as that layout is. But I think at this time I mean assuming based on the council's action I mean assuming that it would pass or I mean there could be. It could be a substitute motion or it could be that depending upon the outcome of that vote that you take it back to your client and since the arson questions about the use and the so. Okay. So that's what I think is going to be. I think that's what I think is going to be. Or make sure I'm not misunderstanding was the 35 foot restricted to the. That. Sutherland that a bus the three lots to the rear. Is that 35 foot restricted. It's. It's entire. Okay. Yeah. Especially with these hours operation. Okay. Depending upon it may create a second issue for you depending upon the the action of the council but if it creates a secondary issue about number of parking spaces or things. I mean it. I mean you welcome to bring it back and you know we will discuss it and perhaps abuse more clarity you know about the intended usage that the council can take into consideration. Fair. Thank you. Thank you. Are there the council comments at this time. Any any public comment since we were since now we're discussing simply the reduction of the offer. That's it. That's it. That's a bad idea. It's a host of problems that will come from that being planted there. I'm not going to go into detail to it but that you just ask him to trouble. I would recommend if they're going to do that please stick with a permanent type material. We also have a responsibility to the people that live there. Thank you, sir. Is there any other comment from the public or from the council? Okay, there was a motion in a second. Excuse me, please call the vote on Mr. Volgiano's motion. Mr. St. Barry? Yes. Mr. Schaunho? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion to. All right, thank you, council. Agenda item 5.3 discussion, adoption. I'm sorry, 5.2 recreation advisory board appointments. The schedule which mine reading appointments for the council benefit. Mr. Rios nominating the local new Mr. Volgiano's nominating machine. Taylor. Mr. Romero's nominating Rocky Reshore. Mr. Stansbury is nominating the Daniel DeBiole and Miss Shampine is nominating the Bell Dabby. Motion to accept all five appointments by the council. Okay. Motion by Romero, second by Miss Rios. Any council discussion? Any public discussion or comment? Okay, there's no comment or discussion. Schedger, please call the vote on the appointments. Miss Shampine? Yes. Miss Rios? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansbury? Yes. Motion to. All right. Motion adoption of City Council Meeting Policy. Let's turn it over to Council Members Shampine. Thank you, Mayer. This is basically just some council rules and policies that the council is establishing on ourselves. We want to make sure that everything that we do here, that we're fair to everyone that comes before us, and we have gathered all of the information necessary to make an informed decision for the residents that we. we represent. So there's two council policies I'm putting forth tonight. One is on variances while taking agenda expansion's first agenda expansion shall not result in an action item unless all information is gathered and provided to the administration and the council at a minimum of two work days prior to a council meeting. Any action on these items shall be tabled until the next regularly scheduled meeting of the council. These items shall be for information purposes only. The only exception is administrative request. The reason for this is because sometimes we're asked to vote on an agenda item expansion and it should not in my opinion it should not result in any action being taken by the council. Sometimes if we don't have all the information before us to be able to make that informed decision. So that is the reason for this one which would mean we would still gather information. We could still expand the agenda by law. We have to do it by unanimous vote of the entire council and be able to listen to ever comes before us and gather the information. What we would not allow is a vote on that action make it an action item to where we'd have to vote on it on that night. The other one is variances. Variances shall not be considered on any agenda item which has not been fully vetted and investigated by the administration prior to the council meeting and shall also be in writing from the party making the request. The time needed to vet and investigate the request is under the sole discretion of the administration. No action shall be taken on these requests and shall be tabled until the next regularly set scheduled council meeting. There are times when we have people that may come before us, I'll use plating as an example, that during the meeting they may come up with different variants requests. Well it's not fair to the person coming before us or the council, mainly the administration to have to in the meeting have to determine if that variance is in applicable law with our city ordinances. So it'll stop us from making any type of hasty decision in those variances. So they can still come up, discuss it, ask for the variance, of course it will not be considered until administration, Clint and the staff really fully vet those variances and what effect it has on the people that we represent. Their neighbors, business, residential, but we welcome to hear them come and speak before us. The council just will not take action on it at that time, which doesn't mean they won't vote in favor of it or vote against it. It just means at that time we will not vote on that item. I felt that these were very fair rules for us to place on ourselves and it will help in my opinion it will help our meetings go smoother in a more timely fashion and it will also allow the administration to determine exactly what that variance is going to do. I talked to you all. It's going to allow us the knowledge and the information needed for us to make an informed decision because we represent y'all. Thank you, Mayor. That's what they would do. It's not a law. It won't be a law. It's really a policy in a rule we're putting on ourselves as members of this council. Thank you, Mr. Shampa. Mr. Stansford, do we need to adopt these or vote on our more? We all agree. It's I think it's whatever the preference of the council is. I would like to see his vote on it. Just to make sure that we are all in favor of it or if anyone wants to tweak it or... I can definitely talk about this. I really appreciate it. I don't know if it's the first one. If we need to change it to city administrative requests just to be more specific, I'm all for that. The second one, the only worry I have is if we start having these discussions with a developer and something comes up during the meeting, we decide to enact something upon that development but then the developer says, well, I'm okay with that but can I get the variant now tweaked this instead? That would be more on the concern, which I'm sure we could tend to overrule that but I'd hate for somebody to come out and say, hey, can't, but the intent of I really like to intend on this. Well, thank you. I understand where you're coming from, but it's still... If someone comes before us and we don't know what that variance is going to do, it does not give in my opinion enough time for Clint or anyone on staff, Ben if it's financial, to research it to give us that opinion for us to make an informed decision at that time. But I agree. I mean, we can maybe wave it or make a motion to go ahead and vote on it. In fact, man, I like the idea of providing a little structure. I think this is something that your discretion could always be expanded during this term. It's a framework of which to work. I mean, we always welcome public comment, but as an example, you see other governing bodies that limit public comment. We've never desired to do that, but perhaps in the future there is a council rule that you decide to do such a process. Well, this would be where you would amend the council policy to make those requests or certain things that you'd like to see from the administration at meetings, whether it be reports from staff or whomever. This could be something that could always be a tool to continue to grow. The variance request, I think that we make every effort to be very accommodating to developers every time that we can. This would enable, would aid Clint and I in being able to set the expectation to developers that are coming up for you for public hearing at times because it is helpful for knowing how much time to schedule for a public hearing. As you saw tonight, we ran over and we don't always get it right because we don't want to limit public comment, but if a developer is trying to design it at the moment, it really encourages us to communicate in advance to say, hey, the council is indicated. Here's our comments. If you're expecting to have any variance outside of these, please submit it so we can disseminate the information accordingly. You of course still have the ultimate discretion on whether or not you want to allow it. I think it's just trying to guide more best practices. I would describe this. Thank you. Nicole, from your standpoint, does this need to be like an ordinance form or a resolution or it's just the doubt. There's a doubt? I make a motion to adopt the council rules policies. I'll second. All right. Motion stands very second by Mr. Romero. Any other comments from the council? It is a council vote, so we would encourage, or we would welcome public comment if there is any. All right. If there's none, Ms. Gaydrup, please call the vote. Ms. Raya? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansbury? Yes. Mr. Shampon? Yes. Thank you. It's in item 6.1 resolution 2023, 0-3 resolution requesting additional funding from the Lafayette Parish Council for the Young's will volunteer fire department for fire protection services outside of the Young's will city limits. I asked for this resolution to my colleagues. In reviewing the call log for 2022, the Young's will fire department responded to 30% of their calls were outside of the city limits, yet 97% of the funding comes from a direct appropriation from this governing body from our taxpayers. I'll be it. We have we drastically increased. We've taken a lot of steps forward with our fire department. Earlier during some of the some of the break, I just made a couple of notes. Since the last year and a half, the Young's will fire department has a new pay plan. We've increased staffing from 12 to 18 full-time officers. We have improved their retirement. This council has provided for additional equipment, new apparatuses. I don't want to steal anyone's thunder, but we have a new ladder truck coming that our fire department went and did the final inspection that'll be being delivered soon. And then also we secured land for our station through as our city continues to grow. We're coming up on our budget year. Our fiscal year ends June 30th. We're going to be preparing our budget for July 1st. And I'm of the position that we have got to get a better handle on the money that is coming to this to their department for services outside this outside of the city limits of Young's will. I'm looking for a little direction. I guess from our colleagues and friends on the parish council is fire protection important for the unincorporated residents of Lafayette parish. Because if it is, we need to work together and find a solution to fund our department adequately. Because I'm of the opinion that the free ride and the philanthropy needs to end. There's a reason I do feel my heart goes out to anyone that we're responding to outside of the corporate limits of our city. But I don't know that any of them are feeling bad when I'm paying my property tax every year that's dedicated for fire protection in the city of Young'sville. So what I'm asking for is just to raise awareness because the in order for us to continue improving the Young'sville fire department, we can continue to meet the goals and objectives just like the highlights that it gave you from the past 18 months. But what I'm asking for is a shared revenue source from the unincorporated area should we continue servicing that population. I know this is not a new issue a couple of years ago. We had you know, our parish council leaned in and tried to really resolve this issue. And I feel like it's been dormant for a while in fairness to the parish council. They do, they did allocate some funding for a new tanker truck. Tanker truck is what happens when you don't have fire hydrants. And we do have a small area of our city that we do use that tanker truck to respond to. But frankly, we wouldn't need the parish's tanker truck if we weren't servicing the unincorporated areas because we could come up with a solution for the areas that we're servicing with the tanker truck. So what I'm looking for is more tangible results that can help us deliver the appropriate level of service and staffing and equipment and supplies that we want to supply our fire department with. So this resolution, if passed, my intention is to send it to our colleagues and friends on the parish council and just ask for their cooperation to work with this to help make fire protection outside of the city limits of priority. And you know, and also I'm okay if it's not because not everything has not everything can be a priority. But once I know the direction of those that are elected to serve the people that I'm speaking of will be able to make decisions to respond accordingly about my recommendation to be able to move forward. So with that I'll pause and leave it open to the council if they have any questions. I don't have any questions, Mayor, but it's one five. I mean, we have been gone through this for years. And when the new administration came into the parish, the funding for the parish fire departments were supposed to be a priority. Well, we have not felt that here because we continue, we have such a good fire department and such good men and women that leave that fire department that we have answered that call. So I completely agree. I would like to move that we pay us this resolution. It's the right thing to do. And I think it's time for them to step up. Thank you, Ms. Shumpon. Thank you. Great. Motion by Ms. Shumpon. Second, Mr. Stansbury. I do have a question. Yes, sir. Please. What has been the, you know, in eight years, we certainly have not been getting the same amount. Right. I want to say when we first got into office, it was more. Has it decreased? It's, it's, please, we have a captain's year. And please, please correct me if I'm wrong. But right now we're receiving, I think 71,000 is our, is our annual allocation from Latvia Paris. It did decrease to like, uh, than 56. So we're back, we're now basically on a three year flat, you know, number, um, where our appropriation has been, I think, up to 1.5 million. Yeah. So it was 71,000, I think for this year too. So 2022, 2021, 71,000. It was at 56. They went down on it. Don't really remember why I think it was a lot of funding to, from 56 to 42,000 for two years and then it went back up to 71. Um, I know that they, I think it's staying at 71. From understanding and then they're supplying the tanker like he said. What about, do you have 2015? I stopped at 2018. Okay. I just remember it, I felt like it went down. It did go, it stayed down before it. It did go down and I think what they did was they allocated some of the funds to supply part-time guys in duties to song and Milton. If I remember correctly, that's what they kind of doubled around so that they would have people there during the day while they're volunteers where I was and stuff. Same amount is going to the other municipalities. Or roughly, I guess, depending on the time. 71, I believe is and then they supplement them a little bit more for their part-time guys. If I may be mistaken, but I believe that's how it goes. Okay. No, it's going to differ. I remember I think at one point the money had went down whenever, when, when, uh, not one one or the life of a part dispatch center had an upgrade emergency system or dispatching. They pulled money from the parish on for that upgrade there is because theoretically those dispatchers dispatching inside as well. Now to my understanding, they're needing to upgrade some of the things as well. Paging towers, the paging us and whatnot and whatnot. They're from, I don't want to speak on behalf of anybody. If one of them understanding, they're wanting some of that portion of money to come from each parish municipality. And to me, the foot needs to be put down and LCD needs to go deeper than themselves and put what's a priority and then they need to pull the funds themselves. These tanker trucks, while they have ordered and they're praising them about them, they could have been ordered a long time ago, but when the aquafonds became available, instead of getting a consultant and knowing what they were going to do with it, they piddled with it and when the cost of inflation went up and the demand, it caused the delay process of getting them. So instead of getting them last year, we won't see them until the end of next year with you after. So it's not like you're just getting them today or tomorrow, things take time. So I think that in the end result, I think we need to look at the call response volume for all departments in the parish and how much money is being contributed to these departments and totality. Before contributing, the 90s have a percentage of the funding is coming from the city of Young'sville, but responding to 30% of the calls outside of it. Maybe just for comparison, seeing the other departments and getting them on board, what's an appropriate allocation? One other thing about the funding that they did provide I did not mention was, I don't know when the year it stopped, but they used to be a revolving $80,000 or so dollars that each municipality would get and then we take turns getting in. There was design. It was designed for, hey, you need a fire truck, go buy a fire truck or something like that, but I mean $80,000. I think enough. A fire truck, I think. Is that a deposit on the list? Oh yeah, it's probably. If it's a deposit on them now. You may marry, may mention to me and I don't know if you said this. How much did Milton just recently get allocated and what was someone else to you? No, it's a fair question. So related to ARPA funds. As you know, I mean, full transparency. I mean, you guys did allocate money in our budgets. We did receive an ARPA allocation. I was optimistic that we would be able to make some one-time purchases. The reality though, our ARPA dollars, ARPA is the American rescue plan dollars that were passed to help offset the negative impacts of COVID. Well, we were full steam ahead with a lot of projects in construction and design. So our ARPA dollars largely went to fund the overages on current projects. Our sewer upgrade of pump station 3 is an example. This building had some cost escalation once we were basically too far into stop. Would Councilman Romero's asking about, I mean, the parish similarly did get ARPA funds. We've seen those ARPA funds be allocated to neighboring water systems. You know, and it's really, they've become discretionary dollars, Franklin, as they were for us as well. So in fairness, I mean, they're discretionary dollars that can be used within certain parameters, largely to offset the negative impacts of, you know, COVID 19. My critique of the parish council is that ARPA dollars were used to fund water system improvements in other water systems when there was also $700 million of ARPA funds that was directed to the state to be used for improvements to water and sewer systems. So there was 1.5 million allocated to the Milton water system is what you're referencing. But the Milton water system already received $5 million from the state ARPA through the water sector dollars. So, undoubtedly, you know, if we were to go down the line, we have a myriad of priorities. I would expect another governing body to have a myriad of priorities as well. So it's not, I don't have a criticism of how dollars are being spent largely as much as I do about I just need some direction as I seek from you when we prepare our budget. I think we all know what our priorities are because we've laid them out and we're moving forward and we're progressing with them together. The clarity I need is how much of a priority are we placing on fire protection services outside of our city limits because, you know, my heart tells me one thing, but my brain tells me something else. And I think with a little direction, I think we can bring clarity to how big of a priority should we be placing as a department on responding to areas that aren't directly paying in to the property tax, you know, that we are. And just, you know, for, you know, another step of clarity, point of context rather, we do have young, old property owners do pay a millage dedicated for fire protection. We have grown our fire department in excess of that dedicated millage and we're using sales tax funds to supplement, you know, that, that agency, it is the right thing to do. We voted on it. We've, the dirt deemed it a priority. We've approved it with hopes that eventually the property tax collection may catch up to offset how we're supplementing it with sales tax collection. But, you know, those sales tax dollars could be used for, you know, anything of which you decide to use them on because largely they're undeticated dollars. You know, there's not many dollars within your budget that can be used for any undeticated purpose. The dollars that were dedicating to the fire department in excess of the dedicated property tax can be used on any priority that you deem appropriate. Fire department has been an excellent benefactor of those dollars. But when you look at how those dollars are being spent, you know, as a department, that's what brings concern. And let me just be exceptionally clear, this is not a criticism or critique of our fire department. I'm so proud of the work that our fire department does and the, the, the work that they've done since they were incorporated, you know, in the 50s or 60s. You know, I take personal pride in it the last year and a half because that's when we've really dialed in more and increasing, you know, coming up with a pay plan, doing a staff in model and so forth. So, does that answer your question? I just want to chime in one, one clarity. Maybe for the residents that are, the residents that are asking, for those of you that may be more prepared, we're getting aggravated that we're paying a city, city tax dollars to fire in our fire department. The reason why we've continued to respond outside of our city limits is because we know that a lot of our residents that live here do travel obviously outside of our city limits. So, if you're living down South Yacht, Austin Road, Piot, just all these unaccompanied areas, we know that you're traveling there with your families, so the event that emergency is going to rise, we don't want you to be stranded with no no response. So, that's why we've continued to respond there, but that being said, a presence has to be said, and someone's going to have to start footing the bill because it's not your responsibility to constantly footing that for the ones that don't live here. So, that's just, that's what we're trying to accomplish to this. And fire protection in the past is a complex issue for multiple reasons. One, the city of Yongezo is growing dense. We have fire hydrants with strong pressure lines, because we've made investments. You've made investments in spending dollars that way. Parish fire protection is complex because in the unincorporated area there's not a dedicated revenue stream for the service. And in some, in largely most areas, there's not significant water lines, fire hydrants to be able to provide service if we roll one of our trucks there where they could hook up to a hydro. So, it's kind of multifaceted. I mean, I do view, I mean, some of our, you know, friends that live like I'm going to use a neighborhood as an example, Sansa Bastions. Sansa Bastions looks just like a Yongezo neighborhood in the unincorporated area. So, you know, when you live there, or if you live in, I don't know, the most rural part on our, you know, southern border, you know, where you live in on a tin acre of piece of property, I would imagine that mindset may be different there. If you live in a neighborhood, you probably expect there to be adequate fire protection if you live on a piece of, you know, rural property. So, it's complex, but ultimately, I'm willing to partner with the decision makers on that. But ultimately, that's not what I was elected to do. I was elected to be a good steward of your tax dollars, not the unincorporated areas. So, any other council comment? Any public comment prior to the council vote? All right, Ms. Giger, please call the vote on the resolution. Mr. Bojiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansberry? Yes. Michelle Pan? Yes. Mr. Leo? Yes. Motion heard. All right. Thank you, council. We'll, we'll tee it up to parish council and we'll keep you abreast of the communication. All right. Ornances for final adoption. 7.1 is Ornance 481 2023 in Ornance of the City of Yongezo, Louisiana. Amending section 24. 23 rates established for describing the rates, charges, and deposits for solid waste and recycle service. Account service by the City of Yongezo, Louisiana. So, move. All right. Thank you, motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Mr. Stansberry. The comments are discussion related to the item. Ms. Giger, please call the vote. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansberry? Yes. Mr. Shampa? Yes. Mr. Bojiano? Yes. Motion heard. The only change on this for the public is the cost of trash services increasing $3 from 20 to 23. The last increase that our call was in 2019. So, with the cost of inflation and the CPI consumer price index increases that we're receiving from the waste provider, we just unfortunately are in a situation where we're losing money when we look at garbage as a fund, profit and loss fund. So, all right. We call the vote. Yes. Thank you. My apology. You're good. All right. Second 1.7.2, Ornance 482 2023 in Ornance of the City of Young Zoolo, Louisiana, mini chapter 8, businesses and business regulations establishing the requirements for the permitting operating of mobile food establishments. There are some part of the council, but there are some modifications since our last meeting where it was introduced. We tried our best to put all the comments or the changes into yellow or sorry in red. Yeah, in the red section. So, it should be easy to identify. I move favourable. All right. Thank you, Ms. Shonsan. Second. Second by Mr. Romero. Council comments, questions, discussion. I'd send an email to the entire council. I think Wade was on that as well. I don't know how anybody feels. It was pertaining to the violations. I know you're clarified or you did. I think there are steps in where this goes as far as dollar amounts, which is on there. But do we feel that's heavy enough? I guess I do the day impounding. I think that, I mean, you can consider that to be, I think that's a possibility. I mean, I wouldn't recommend that as an initial step, maybe as a third. Yeah. I mean, what happens, you know, just, I mean, and I'm happy to go through the change. What we're proposing for the public benefit. Should this be passed, it does become effective immediately. So, I mean, that's why if it's landing back, if it's landing back on us now as an administration, you know, when we look at the fines and penalty section, I mean, I would, I would be in favour of your consideration of maybe on the third violation that in addition to there being a fine that perhaps it's impounding or removal, you know, of the way. Does that make that modification mayor and council again in my email that I tried to communicate to all of you. These numerical values were something I kind of looked around and came up with, totally arbitrarily, and tried to leave as much discretion as I could to the administration based on the infraction, so that if it's not a severe infraction, you can do a minimal fine. If it's a more severe or you're a third offender, the revocation of your permit, a monetary fine, a combination of both would be within the purview of the administration. All right, so you want to consider modifying the third offense, I guess. I'd like the discussion about my fine. I mean, it'd be a, Nicole section 8108 item C to add removal from property by city administration. Is that order removal, order of removal, yeah, sorry, and this would be or so they would be a sort of, okay, totally agreeable. Okay, so there's a motion site, it's open for council. Yeah, I'm going to go through some of the highlights. Yeah, yeah, how, currently, how many food trucks we have operating or trailers in our in our own? Yeah, good question. To my knowledge, we have two that are under regular operation. Two that are under regular operation, and then there's, I think, another two that come in seasonally are rotate, move around a little bit. I tell you just a little bit high level about this, I mean, food trucks are something that, that, I mean, they're new, it's something that have been on, I think, all of our radar for a while. I don't think anybody's taken any pleasure in suggesting any type of regulation on food trucks. That was not, we didn't seek out to do this, because as you all know, this was sitting on the back burner for some time. With this, with this ordinance that's proposed, does a couple of things. One, this is a change from the introduction that I want to point out to everyone. When we're talking about this ordinance, we're talking about one food truck. Two or more becomes a commercial establishment. Commercial establishments will be subject to commercial development requirements, and that's going to be, you know, like a hard surface, but a more in-depth process. So this at this time does not allow there to be a food truck park. The second thing that it does, it does require there to be a permit. The permit is a $200, permit fee for a calendar year. The permit requires there to be proof of Department of Health and Hospitals that you are, that you can serve food, sales tax registration, just basically proof that you have a sales tax number, and you have the means to remit sales tax, a picture of the food truck, and a written permission from the property owner where the truck is located. This food ordinance, food truck ordinance prohibits a food truck to be parked on any city property or right away, outside of it, unless it's especially been permit, could be allowed. So basically a permit fee, $200, that's annually. It only applies to one food truck, a simple permit process, just a picture of it, a proof that you're eligible to serve food, proof that you're eligible or have the means to remit sales tax, then the requirements at that point, food trucks have to be parked, cannot be parked any closer than 150 feet from any residential property boundary. So it is, I think at this point worth noting that there is of the two food trucks that I mentioned, if the, if Casey, if your food truck is parked in the you can in a minute, we'll be loved to hear. If your food truck is parked where we discussed, this, this is no problem. So you're welcome to, this ordinance is geared towards you parking it at the road next to the song. So the other food truck that's on Vera would still be, is still permissible in this as well. So this is anything, and it has to be, I think it discusses. Sorry, part of service for us. So this would be great with Martin, so it'll be with Martigraw coming up if we have anybody. Yeah, Martin. So Marty Gral would be handled under, especially then permit. So there are, there has been some, you know, there is interest in that. You know, so those will be considered, you know, as they come up. Sure, Mayor, I do have a question. You know, someone drives a food truck in and they don't know about this. Right. I mean, how, how are we going to know? I know this is administrative, but I just want to have sure, I do. Yeah, well, I think what would, what that would look like? I mean, if this is adopted, what that would look like is our code enforcement would pay a visit to that food truck and just get them up to speed on the process. I think, I think the intention of this is to allow there to be a mechanism for food trucks to conduct business in the city of Youngsville. There's, we're not, there was no intention from this drafting of the ordinance to exclude the operation of food trucks. This is basically consistent with the land use discussion that we had earlier. And just to say where are the permissible locations for food truck operation? The main caveat of this is that it has to be 150 feet from a residential property line. I'm sorry, and I also, the one other piece was a hundred feet from the front door of a food establishment. So it's basically just providing a very basic premise where there is a, there is a, there is a way to operate a food truck in Youngsville by just meeting a couple of metrics. It's not to say it's not to hinder it. That would have been much easier to do. You know, it would have been much easier to do simply at your direction by saying you want to ban food trucks. You could have pulled out a piece of loose leaf and had that passed, you know, are already. So, Mayor, I guess my concern is that, you know, technically someone pulls into houses and they have permission, but they're not, they didn't do the permit. That could be a violation. Right. That would be a violation. Yeah. So you have the opportunity to find it. So that's what I'm trying to get to. No, I'm going to be, you know, we're going to have like, okay, you have five days to comply or I think it says warning or so I would assume. Are you still fired? Yes. Yeah. I can only speak how I would handle it. I mean, I bet my direction to to code enforcement would be to to educate really welcome them, because ultimately what we're doing is just informing them of the informing them of the process, encouraging them to come in and compliance. And it's very similar with what happens today. I mean, we have we have contractors that do work within our city every day, whether they're pouring concrete or putting on a new roof. And it's pretty routine that code enforcement will pause it. And then they'll come in and do a permit, you know, same day without even an interruption to the job. So I would imagine it's probably a similar process. I think all courts say we've had a name where we've seen them in violation, game of warning, getting correct. I don't know. Okay. The also councilman stands very, the permit is for the year. So in your hype, if he parks or she parks at rouses for the weekend and then three months later, besides the comeback, there's no reprimitting that permit is good for you. I was just saying if they don't know, because there's a lot of things that citizens don't know about, especially what happens and something. Hopefully it gets out there. But someone from out of town or you know, laugh yet, come and drive here. Just we just want to buy the guidelines. We don't want them. We just want to buy the guidelines. The intention is to educate and to encourage many ultimately these food trucks have the opportunity to generate sales tax. We want that. We want to have more food and beverage choices, I think, in our community. This largely just comes down singularly to where is there a permissible spot for that to take place. That's largely, I'll get you to say, that's largely what really this is. And big example, I keep thinking about councilman stands, I mean, it's it's weekly that code enforcement stops a contractor, poor and concrete. And a lot of times what happens is because the homeowner didn't know and the contractor says they didn't know or whatever the case may be. And you know, they're poor and concrete to the property line, which as you know, could potentially have a drainage issue or and similarly there, it's about how it impacts the neighbor. And that's really what the same thought process is here. We encourage the commerce, we encourage the, you know, the opportunity. It's just where is an acceptable spot, you know, to have it. And May, I'd like to add, our code enforcement officer doesn't only go out and speak to that person. She actually carries the ordinances with her and her truck. She gives them a copy of the ordinance and normally she'll also visit with the property owner. So in the case of roses, for example, I would assume she would probably go inside and speak to roses also and just make them aware of the ordinance and hand them a copy of it. That's normally good. And I think I would say that this is something that could evolve in the future. I mean, it could evolve in the future. I mean, it's a framework where you may say that you may desire to have, you know, somebody may bring you a business plan that says, hey, I'd like to do a food truck park in this area. So this at least sets the framework to say, hey, two or more right now is considered a commercial development and you have to come into compliance with the rigor, you know, with the commercial development criteria. And it's just not as ambiguous about, you know, where, when, how, can it be, you know, where would it be? How can it be? So, all right. I do have a question. So with the, let's say, 150 feet from a residence, right? So we currently have for like a brick and mortar. It's open business hours after certain amount of time. It's 50 feet. What, what, what, why did we come up with 150 feet? What was the, yeah, you know what I'm saying? If we do that for a brick and mortar, we have those and I get it, we're trying, this is all new, we're trying to figure out, you know, a way around it. To some degree, it was an arbitrary number to some degree. But I mean, truthfully, this was inspired by a particular incident, you know, with the food truck and trying to just work with the owner of the food truck to have it in a location that would be, you know, acceptable to those that live around it. So I would assume too that brick and mortar, your noise level with doors open it. Yeah, I mean, they're up to code. Yeah, I was just doing, you know, just so I knew, maybe a little different. Fair point. If y'all would, this is Casey Pren. I'm a, I'm your problem. So I own the Hangout Sports Pub. I'm sorry. I'm Horas. Y'all I coach for a living too. So I own a food truck. It is owned by my pub. And it does move. We've actually started our business through food. You know what I mean? And then we, we have a pub. And actually, I want to tell you, I'm that, you mean, this is a great little meeting for us. I got to see you develop something as well by a neighborhood. By the way, trees work. I do trees. And you know, I mean, the outside music shut it down at a certain time. You'll probably be great. Right? Because one of our, one of our biggest problems is we've had the police officers called on us 39 times. And I've been open only seven months. I think that, I mean, I don't want to piss anybody off. I'm very, very frank. And I love y'all to death. We love this city. We brought our food truck. We've brought our business to this city. And we love it. We just feel like this ordinance is brought only because of one person that always complains. And we talk about sales tax and everything else. What, what, me and my wife, we work hard. We work very hard to keep our, our pub clean. We don't have many incidences at all. We probably are one of the better pubs that you ever see in a town. But being dead honest with you, 150 feet from my establishment is kind of, kind of crazy. He put that number out because the houses are close to our, do you mean our pub? Our, I rent from Mr. Lewis hands alone. So it's not my, my actual building. I can't choose. You know what I mean? This that another, when I put the business model together, Mr. Lewis absolutely fine. Wherever I parked my truck. And on that note as well, my truck, I wanted to let you know, it does do about $250 to $300 a day in sales that you get taxed on. Like that, the city does get revenue from. And we'd like to keep it. Now we really would. I just unfortunately, if you have me move it 150, you mean feet or even move it every two, three days. I can tell you that we know people we've been, you mean we've done business with Cajun eats. They do park their truck for a certain amount of time. They, they actually, I love the fact that can, you all need to do the $200 deal with Miss Dawn and Miss Dawn. He's a come up and make sure we have a certificate from the city of Youngsville. And then that way she can check it and say, Hey, you got 250 bucks on a fine because right now you're right. It's too easy for somebody just to come in parking and neighborhood or park somewhere in in Sarafu. But again, I think y'all are all going about the right way. I just, I feel like the the fingers at me for one, one person or one incident. And that's that's technically why I'm here. Sorry. Well, my comment was just going to be that K, K, C, I, I want to see your business succeed. I know that the food is an integral part of it. I do. And I'm glad, you know, I'm glad of all nights that we're having this discussion. I'm kind of glad it's tonight because you, you see another scenario across town where where it's, you know, not in my backyard. That's a real thing. Yeah. You know, and that's that's some of what our challenges are, you know, when it relates to, you know, that these, this, this group has the governing body. Clint, if you, if you want mine, just maybe do a, do a, do a measurement from the, from the fence line to like that front park install. So I can, so I can answer Miss Reo's question, you know, fairly. Know the one that's all the way to the, you know, you go right there. It doesn't, well, to the edge of it, if you don't mind, what is it? 170. 170. Yeah, 170. So, so that answers your question. That's where the 150 came from because that would be an acceptable spot with permission from Lewis, which, which Mr. Casey has. You know, the, the, I didn't, not that you all, I didn't know that the 50 feet thing because Yoke is also. Yeah. Right here. It is. They actually absolutely love us. By the way, Yoke, Yoke, I mean, we, we go back and forth. If they need something, we, we give them something we've had a really, really good relationship. Yoke is in that back right corner. Yeah. And their house, another house is pretty much the same distance as the household that we deal with. Yeah. So, Council, the challenge, the challenge here is, you know, we can conversations with Mr. Friend, you know, their preferences to have the food truck parked on the side of the, on the side of the building. Clint, if you show, just with, with the cursor, if you don't mind, just side of the building there or in the rear of the building. As I said, I want to, I think we all, let me, you know, correct, y'all, correct, meteor comments of y'all, and we all want to see, you know, a business succeed here. You know, this, this building in particular is grand-pildered in with our current land use ordinance because of the, when the building was built, or else, there would be a greater buffer between, you know, that back alleyway there. So, and you know, all of you are those you that were with me last time know that we started this process of, and I asked you guys, y'all want to look at food trucks, y'all, y'all, should we, y'all want to, are we ready for it? And we all basically said, you know, hey, get the framework together, Nicole Spence, quite a bit of time on getting some framework together. I think Matt, you might have cleverized some input. But we all largely said, let's wait, let's monitor it, let's wait and see. I'm just bringing it to you now at this point because I need some direction because I've taken it as far as I can in this particular scenario. I want to see the business owner succeed, also, you know, in fairness, have empathy for those that live nearby. This is the exact same struggle or similar struggle that you had earlier this evening. I would, I would only say that my, my biggest argument right now is that all of the phone calls have been due to noise. Miss Dawn, which we love, we see her often, all right. Has never wrote us one ticket. We've never been out of compliance on any of our noise. And actually, my food truck itself, when it took to our building that we pay for, is quieter than my AC units out in the back. That is my biggest, biggest argument. Well, Casey, the mayor mentioned this at a administration trying to work with you. I've seen the emails. I've been part of the emails, I think, with Ressa Council. And you moved it several times. But then you went right back and kind of put it right, I don't want to talk about it. We're right back in his face. Right back in administration's face. I'm going to put it right where I think there was a good agreement that the mayor had reached with yourself. And we were all told about and, okay, we'll, you know, we'll not deal with the food truck ordinance, mobile, you know, ordinance, but we didn't want that. We want to encourage potential business and commerce, especially for those who can't invest, you know, thousands of dollars or hundreds of thousand dollars in breaking order right now. So unfortunately, that's why it was introduced at the last meeting. That's why it's up for final adoption is because of that. It's about being neighborly too. Whether it's one or one neighbor calling on Baffa 2 or 3, it's phone calls. You know, we're getting them. We're getting the emails as well. So it's about being neighborly with the people who are there next to you. Just like earlier that mayor talked about, we found some common ground. You know, it wasn't quite what the developer wanted. Wasn't quite what the neighborhood wanted, which is actually my neighborhood. So I'm probably going to catch a lot of flag on that, but it was a good middle ground to where they can bill, they can come and the two can coexist. And I think that's what the mayor did a phenomenal job on that with you at the very beginning. And it went back a couple different times until we ended up here tonight. All right, my next argument would only be that I moved it three times and the phone calls didn't stop. I was I'm telling you. All right, so no matter where my truck is parked, no matter what I do, I got a feeling that this neighbor just wants me gone. And I mean, it's a direct effect of me and my business and also my family. So I'm fighting for what I have. And I probably won't stop. I don't lose well. Mayor. I have a comment is pulling the personalities aside. We haven't mentioned yet something that I know when I pay us by there, which concerns me a great deal, is that it the said that's aren't what they are today, what we have today in place. So if we would put a truck or a vehicle on the side, it would inhibit or hinder emergency responses in my opinion, because it's kind of hard to even get around that area right now. That's something that we haven't talked about, but it could hinder if it's parked on the side of the building or even in the rear. Yeah, I think we'll be able to get that there. And that's a that's a fair point that I'll let somebody else comment on. But the issue I do agree, the issue, the root issue here is noise. And I do frankly suspect that noise may continue to be a perceived issue or an issue, whatever it is, it shouldn't be factual because it's decimal readings. I don't think the I think the issue may pivot to something else. So I've tried to the best I can to work with you on what we perceived the issue to be. And that's why the conversations have really centered, you know, largely in our conversations related to the food truck, because as far as the noise from the music, I know that you've been working with the police department to try to establish that right level with the decimal readings that are prescribed by ordinance by the council. So, you know, so that's why my focus was really on the variable that I felt I could influence. And our conversations, I've enjoyed meeting with you. I don't I don't, you know, I think what I see is a business owner that has her livelihood in it and wants to succeed. You know, you and I met before you opened the business and we talked about the food truck and I told you I said, look, we don't have anything that regulates it. It's come up. We're not there. You know, and I said the best thing that can happen here is probably to be neighborly. Well, you know, that's so subjective, right? I mean, like, you know, Matt may not think I'd be a neighborly. You said next to me, I take up a lot of space. You know, so Lindy may think I am being in a mat then, you know, it's just it's it's in the eye to be holder, right? So I think food truck is probably a symptom of probably a greater concern there. So I don't I don't have any, you know, ill feelings as far as like me moving it back. Because I think you were, I think basically you were making a point to me to say that what no matter where it is, it's an issue. Yes, you know, and frankly, had we not already had a draft of this ordinance, you know, somewhere from from our staff's research previously. I don't know that, you know, I don't know what we would have done, what I would have done. Probably just say, hey, this is as good as it, you know, this is I can't do anything. This is as good as it gets. And I think I've communicated that to the to the, to the, any noise complaint that I've had to say, hey, you know, if the readings are in line, you know, and so forth. So, you know, I don't know. I mean, that's why I'm bringing it before, you know, the governing council tonight just for a little bit of direction or feedback. You know, Casey, when you headed in the back, you did ask me when I said, hey, I'm, you know, getting complaints about it, what's the plan? Let me, let me understand your vision. You know, you and, and Amy to say, can we move it to the side? And I said, you, I said, try it. I think that's going to be probably another short term solution to try it. And, you know, yes, when it was on the side, we still, then the issue became about it being parked on the side. So the issue was in the back, and the issue became about it being on the side. I have not heard any issue about it being in the front, which is why, you know, I pulled it to that level. That, that's me. Now, you know, I can't talk about it, you know, the calls still coming about the noise and stuff. Yes, sir. I don't know. And in fairness, code enforcement did report to me with through video. So it wasn't a, there was no need for any opinion to be made. It was a factual. And I sent my previous CAO to your establishment, you know, one night. Yes. And I think she might have startled somebody who ever was working. And she was in the, yeah, she was in the back. She scared us a little bit. Is all right? Yeah. Well, she, she, if you know Sally, that was, that was her. Anyway, they were, you know, they, because we were trying to work with you and help mediate it the best we could understand. So even, even though like it, like I said, we love, we do love all of y'all staff. And they know us really, really well now. But we really have been, I promise, I'm not an evil person. I'm neighborly. I just, I don't need it to wear. I'm kind of at the point where where the book stops. I don't know how to explain it. It's almost like, you mean, I'm an athlete. If I keep kicking a field goal and you keep moving it back sooner or later, I'm going to fail. And I need to, I mean, kind of draw my line in the sand right here. And being honest, it's like, I would love for y'all, even I'll try to help you adapt some type of, of mobile truck. You know, I mean, ordinance, I'm fine with it to even help y'all. But I mean, if I run the generator, just to say, if I run the generator in the front of the parking lot, that has more noise ordinance regulated to it than me hooked to clean power, just being honest, right? My truck that we pay for, which we love our truck. It's $20,000 and it's for the health approved legit. I have a stamp, everything else that Ms. Dawn has checked. So we, it's nothing, you mean, we're doing nothing wrong. And if it's just me being unneverly, I'm at the point of asking, where does that line stop? I mean, I mean, I don't want to be rude. I really don't. But like, if I move the truck off, they still want my bar. They won't want my bar there. I think that's why I'm also, I'm glad to meet y'all. I hope we survive. I really don't think the complaints are going to stop. I think it brings up a couple of valid points. Not to say that I'm trying to, uh, first way to assert an direction, but if we all recall, when a other particular business was trying to establish in here, they created a lot of riff. Not with just that one, but quite a few. I think that the difference is because the policies and the ordinances we put in place since that building was built and established has changed and anything that goes in there that will cause any type of disruption, visually or audibly will create some sort of riff. Just from a personal stamp point ordinance aside, I don't have an issue with being on the side. If we enact an eye that it has to be in the front and that's where it's going to be. But if we continue to get the phone calls and the emails and the harassment about it, the noise issue, I mean, what, what are y'all doing? Because I mean, we can only like, with the paper around so much, the residents going to continue to live there and they're going to continue to call. And it's, it's going to, it's harassment on them to have them have decimal readings drawn on their bar or they're put their pub continuously day in and day out. It's a burden on them and it's a burden on us. So what is, what is this passing going to do for us in the sense of what do you want to do? I guess the thessish is my, that's my, my, my thought. If you, even if it's parking the side and he moves it daily to the front or if we're saying that we're mandating it, the order has to be parked in the front. But if the calls continue, I mean, I'm just, I'm just wondering what our next action or plan of action is going to be. Well, I think one of the, I would be happy to be at chief. Every time we've gone out there, he has been in compliance. I even snapshot it when I did do it. When it was in the back, I did a reading and he is correct. The air conditioning unit was louder than any noise that came from the food truck. I have myself in case it can be a test too because I go inside when I go. I've gone out there many a night when I see a large crowd and take readings and every time he has been in compliance. There was one incident and it was for Halloween and I think it wound up not even being his incident. It was just got linked in together because I was out there so they mirrored the two calls together. He has worked with us. We've met with him several times. I've met with him numerous times and only because we've gotten the emails and stuff and then we started including him and in the email train so he could see what the complaints were so he could address him every time he has, he has tried, but he's correct. Even when he was parked in the front, we were still getting the calls and you have to understand it. As a business owner, when the cops always get in call to you, establishment, it gives it a bad look. My guys have tried to park on the side, park in the back so we don't scare alarm the customers. But anytime he has a crowd or there's any kind of live music or a DJ, we get the calls. Now we'll tell you there. They went out, it was about a week ago. Took a reading outside of the establishment, it was in compliance. They went into the house and it was louder inside the house. Now I can't explain that. I can't. That may have to be a sound engine. I stood right at his back door and took a reading and it was still in compliance. Is there any other public comment? I don't want to discourage the Councillor here from Mr. KC, yes, hi, man. I'm the neighbor. Yes, whenever his food currently, I have a picture of it right now, it is in the drive-through of another property. It's in the back of the building, goes to the drive-through of Yoka. Like Miss Champagne said that it's in the way of traffic. It's going to take someone getting ran over before something's actually done today. I did not complain, never was in the front, nor on the side. As far as the noise level goes, we have had just about probably every police come into our property in thought of our home. It's amazing that, like you said, the sound is louder in my house, rattles my walls than what it sounds like outside. One time an officer came in and he was out of compliance. They took a reading of it, they he was out of compliance and we have called every time it's been night level and only that one officer actually had a decifold reader. They all can get it on their phones. That was probably, that was a new officer that went to your house. He had not been struck yet how to download it. But they had everybody else has it on their phones. There is a noise meter that gets calibrated every year and it's passed around throughout, but we also get noise complaints in the day. So we transfer it to the daytime also. May I ask a question, ma'am? Yes ma'am. Your complaints? Have they been strictly food truck complaints? Or have they been building music inside the building complaints? Where your complaints been? It has been both. Currently the food truck is behind my house. I can literally hear if someone goes in order. I can hear them play the order. I mean not play the order, but hear the cook cooking it, the cook smoking outside, my children are playing right there, the language speaking. I mean I have a picture that you can see the food truck is open to my house and I can see them through the fence. It's an invasion of my property. Is the first house right here? 101 is my property? And it kind of brings back a question about the new bar that's opening. What type of license was this? Because I don't even think it's 25 feet from my property line. I can't speak to the alcohol license because that's issued by the state. I believe they just look at schools. I don't think there's a requirement for residential buffers. We don't have a requirement that's more stringent than the state. What we do do is the land use discussion that we had with the other parcel was because that was a newer building. This building was built prior to the enactment of the land use ordinance. Hence the reason why there's not as much of a buffer zone between the rear property line and property line. Because it's really just my fence. That's correct. There's I mean there's no bushes. You can see everything. There's no sound barrier. It's my fence and there. So the waves of sound is you can hear it over the music in my house. You can hear sometimes I can dance to their music if I really want to. You can hear it and officers will tell you when they come in my house it's louder than what it is outside. I have no idea why either. But it is every single time and the one time that we called and the officer who actually had the desuper reader it was over and he recorded it and every other officer since then has told me that there's only one that gets passed around and they do not want to put it out on their phone. We have acts. They don't want to bring their phone to full. And they've even said sometimes that they'll they'll cancel it because there's nothing that they can do because they don't have the desuper reader to even write a citation. So all we have is basically is our call-offs. But if I if I can can I just rewind it back to and just trying to help you know what trying to decide what problem what we're trying to solve. Is it is it's you know because before the count I think all the other stuff is relevant because as we alluded to it might be a greater it's food truck might be a symptom of a greater issue you know the noise. I heard you say that you didn't have an issue with it on the side though is I mean like what and I don't want to put the burden on you but I mean because what the council can make a decision on today if they choose is placement of of a food truck. So I agree that it's the whole context of it we have to take into consideration but I think what what's going to give these you know give my colleagues you know they is moving it to the front going to solve it's it's not just the food truck that's the only that's the noise that's the cause of the noise I guess. Right now the food truck is very noisy because it's behind that he moved it back to behind the house again it's not on the side nor is it in the front it's behind my house. On the side it's noisy you can still hear the same thing when music's playing and they do what they cook in their jambalais for the games I mean it's like a tailgate spot is what it is so when I go outside to tailgate how my own property that I pay taxes for I cannot because I'm hearing their music and their tailgate and by all means I'm young I like to go to a barber when I want to go home and sleep I want to go home and sleep it's my home but that still is where there's a drive-through window why do we need a food truck blocking a driver who instead of just utilizing the drive-through window like Yoko does. Well I think the I think the benefit of the food truck being on the side of the building from my conversations with the owner was that it could be for ease of their operation so they don't have to go inside and out. Often when it's in the back they're going in and out of a door you know into the back when it's on the side they we had discussion that they could use the drive-through window you know to the placement of it on the side enabled them to use the food truck you know pass something if it's parked if it's I guess if the food truck windows parked next to the drive-through window it's as I appreciated it was it was less than and out you know because whoever's working in the food truck can basically just hand it into the the establishment instead of having to get out you know walk. Okay I see what you're saying it's never been parked where the windows butt up to each other it's always been parked facing the opposite way so but again that still is a right-of-way that's a driveway it's also supposed to be utilized for a drive-through to the bore that's there now and I mean emergency vehicles if they ever need to come for that subdivision they'll have that block in the right there or if it's parked in the back it's blocking the rest of the hair salon anything else that they need if there's no way a far truck can pass back there. Okay we may have some other comments for you I want to get Miss Keele. Miss Keele, would you mind coming up just so I'm sure we got a we got a large view in our audience at home. I just have a question for you guys like where the he has his food truck why is there not an ordinance saying how long a food truck can stay there that would just solve the issue is how long can you stay there I mean everybody that comes in a food with the food truck it's not supposed to be a permanent place that's what it called a food truck it's mobile it moves so that solves the issue you know you can stay here put in an ordinance you can stay here a certain amount of time and let's move on and that solves the issue and that's all I gotta say. Thank you Miss Keele. Keecey did you have some comment or? Thank you Miss Keele by the way she is she is somewhere correct I mean we it is mobile we that's the business strategy too so obviously the way we wanted to do this is have it parked I mean by our business move it to these festivals and try to attract people to want to eat our food my whole business model it it is to own a someone like a legend's but nicer let's put it that way I want to be in between a poor and a legend's if you can vaguely see that my problem my biggest problem is I and look I'm trying to be proactive because that's how I am I've I've actually recently talked to Mr. Lewis hands alone because it's not my building I told Lewis that hey look if you put me a hood vent and you work with me together then we can create a little pub slash bar and grill I guess my real reason I really wanted you all to see my face is because I really do believe that and look I love I'm okay I understand that you mean her house and everything else I'm just doing everything that I can in order to survive and try to be neighborly and it just it's not working um so that's why I wanted to you mean reach out to you I can't move it I can even if I know I know in the past two so all our buddies that own food trucks they say hey look I paid this for a month we moved it and we move it back after another month or whatever we could do that I'm down to do which I would like I guess the the real reason though I I am trying to create a good business in Young'sville and I'm succeeding so far by all means I'm succeeding but it's finished trouble um so I am I'm willing I'm willing to work but I just being being dead honest y'all behind there is 25 foot of pavement I park it in the back I would love to use my drive-thru window to be honest which I can't even afford a sign just yet I'm trying to get a sign on my building okay we would love to use the drive-thru and do that crazy do food out of it if my truck is parked behind it somebody can call in the order I put it in the truck walk it to the back door and out the window logistically my business works like that and that's why we do it that mean being dead honest um as far as the cooks and all that good stuff mr. Don came uh the argument is she came and she measured she did everything while my cook was in there and your ordinances too I've looked them up during the day I can be louder at night after nine I have to shut it down my truck shuts down at nine o'clock it does now on the weekends your ordinance goes to 11 I've done my homework but I mean if you want to come at me that way you probably can shut down that ordinance or whatever but that would also affect all the bars in young zeal if I'm correct but you know what I mean just to give you the just and I can't I can't move it if you'd like um I don't know I'm down to have y'all opinions well one of the comments I had suggested initially to miss to miss uh or maybe wasn't to miss Mitchell's in discussion with mr. friend there's two houses in the back there the second house it has the larger property of property line they have a fence that's it's like this you know it's like two it's two fence boards you know but then they have like a piece like in the middle of each one so you know as as fence is age you know when you get a new fence it's like this the one they age then you see the crime so you know so I suggested that I recommended it but then again he you know mr. friend didn't you know because they share offense so it was one of those we were trying to come up with some mitigation measures and he didn't know that that would ultimately you know what would mitigate the problem you know what I'm talking about miss Mitchell have you seen how your neighbor has the fence on the back there I mean you think that could be beneficial or well have either parties looked into doing some sort of natural sound barrier have either one of y'all looked into maybe I mean I know it's gonna be out of pocket but have y'all looked into maybe doing something like that I was just curious I mean even as the homeowner out I would I don't know if y'all looked into something maybe affordable that y'all can put to kind of help you know make you more comfortable got you right there Clint can you help me out here can you go to new news on the map Peter don't run what's that settlement computer don't run yeah yeah we play some orders yeah what is it the the rear distance yeah you know where the vineyard box is yeah shall I guess it would be top right the other way it'd be the other way from the resident no a little bit more have we had any issues with the vineyard box from residents and there's snowballs can there are two I'm fine with the distance and the intent and the ordinance I'd like to call for the vote okay and this is anybody else no sorry did we do there was a motion in a second any other council comment any more public comment all right no public comment just call the vote in the schedule Mr. St. Barry yes miss Sean fine yes miss Ryo yes Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Emery yes motion all right as well I don't know where this goes from here between you guys I hope we can I hope this helps bring a little bit of closure to at least one topic but I'm sure we'll keep in touch and you know if we will continue to address what's before for this weekend please I mean the way the ordinance is written is that it would become effective upon adoption so it's just adopted all right one ordinance for introduction tonight's 8.1 ordinance 465.1 2023 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville Louisiana repealing section 5 of ordinance 465 2022 which restricted the use of a movable property you guys have an introduce all right thank you councilman we're married second second by Mr. Stansbury and council comments or questions yeah can we pull up the map of this I should have brought this up to you earlier I was catching flights so I wasn't able to talk to you about it question catch catching flights that's the only flight I'm sorry yeah yeah uh it's going to be Minota and uh cedar groves yeah man your way off your upon uh fortune and bone-in caram off guard yeah cedar hills uh can you zoom in on the uh tree line where Minota dead is going up oh no no or yeah zoom in on that okay so there's a swell right there right there so I'm assuming no road can be put right because that was the intent of this was no road we'll be able to be extended out to 92 yeah it's it's still going to say a ban is what I'm saying because there's a swell there well even even if it's so even if it's a uh even we don't have any desire to build a road there absolutely you know and you would certainly have to go along with that you know but if if the property owner decided decides to put a road there we would have to permit a culvert crossing at that ditch I don't know am I am I right Clint I mean yeah if they needed a driveway access we have to we have to permit that because it's a culvert that could potentially be the an obstruction of drainage so um I'm just curious what yeah and wait can chime in wait and uh no problem this all came about um with the adjacent property armistonepper evidently he had checked in with the assessor's office and the assessor had assessed the adjacent property owners which with each 50% of the property Mr. Nepper contends that he owns the entirety of the area that is abandoned and I misgidry and I met with the neppers advised them that we had no control over the assessor's office but would look into it further and that we're not here to uh establish a boundary misgidry was successful in talking to some of the administration at the assessor's office and basically what we understood was when there is an abandoned right-of-way in conference on the property it has been the practice of the assessor's office to equally assess the adjacent land on they also don't get in the business of establishing boundaries so our recommendation to the neppers was go visit with Mr. Como bring what evidence you have investible up to you the section of the ordinance that's being asked to be repealed is a limitation on the removable property whoever owns the property there was some signage issues I believe adopted in that ordinance which I don't think was correct so while we were reviewing Mr. Nepper's request we came across the section five which in my opinion was not correct and so you're being asked only to repeal that section that limited the use of that a movable property regardless if you want it did I answer your question are there any other questions I'm sorry no I just worry about what's going to go there what's going to happen there uh you know he owns the iites business right there to the left um if you already call he dropped a covert there without permission then got the permission and there's concrete bags uh that held up that and now it has since two years later it's been repaid a little bit redone uh if you take i know dawns looked at it a couple times coto force one officer uh the stores that he owns back down manolta he has it abandoned boat in the tree line it's been there for four years um and a couple other things it's just appearances you know you look at it from citywide we try to keep things looking nice and everything uh i think the intent at the time when we our council decided to do the sign only on there was i think his intent was to have advertisement for his storage business and that's why we i think i don't know like that i do think that's where it originated probably some of i i mean they were back to when uh you know Simone was was serving as chief administrative officer i think i think the i think the initial issue there that is our recall uh was uh wanting to advertise for the self-storage facility and uh in signage on on east milton um it didn't qualify for a sign there because it was considered an off-premise sign it wasn't on the same premise uh that was my i think that's what started the conversation i think probably had the had the administration at the time permitted a sign for that i mean but it wasn't it wasn't his property to permit and because of the part so i think it was the right judgment call at the time to deny the request for the permit because i agreed with the assessment that it would have been considered an off-premise sign i do think that's what kind of started the conversation at that time i guess my ass would just be to make sure if something's coming on the property that you know that it'd be maybe brought to the council for consideration i feel like everything's happened around my name sir please would you i'm sorry i hate to leave my coming up please i might need to move now i'm just going to mention the fact that there is the transmission line that run right there there is a right a way that will not allow certain things to be built within some of the fee to be sought of it okay um i'm distribution not transmission i'm not sure the exact footage of it but it's so many feet where the actual power line sits all not on the sides so maybe i'm checking it all out okay as my ready any other questions all right where we have a motion misshaunpai yes miss rio yes mr. volgiano yes mr. rameo yes mr. stand very yes all right thank you council thank you Nicole uh i introduced miss catheryn earlier i want to acknowledge a couple of other guys that are here with this and then i we'll hear from we'll hear from our staff reports as part of our uh staff evaluation and restructuring um you know we're happy to have catheryn join the team as i'll notice i have Terry sitting up here we're still doing an assessment of all of the strengths weaknesses of our team and how to best complement each other everybody's getting along great and we're learning a lot about each other and how we can complement each other and who and how we can best complement uh the citizens of youngsville but i just want to point out uh three gentlemen that are in the room um because we we're kind of taking a look not only internally at city hall but also in the field as well so uh very proud uh to have been to have had the opportunity to promote Alex mes meseroll meseroll Alex has been an employee of our city for some time but we just promoted him into be our water superintendent or supervisor i'm not sure what we decided there super intended okay Alex has level four certification in water production treatment and distribution he's a youngsville resident uh enthusiastic team player i interviewed uh we had we opened the job up to the public and i'm just very proud whenever i have the opportunity to give someone that's in house a promotion uh to help you know further their opportunity with the city uh as i've done you know throughout my professional career so um it's a pleasure having Alex on the team um he's going to be working closely with not only administration but our design team because we're on the final permitting steps of our new water plant at the horse arena and besides that um you know under Terry's leadership and you know some of our collective direction we're really we're at a point where we're segregating our water uh system into its own department so still under the public works umbrella i guess on a staffing chart but written in pencil but they're their own department so Alex is now supervising the line locators and the other water operators that we have on staff so i want to take the acknowledge and welcome Alex to the team and i also want to point out uh mr. Zach much around raise your hands Zach Zach is our drainage superintendent or superva super-inter all right Alex is our drainage superintendent he is an incredible operator and an awesome person so it's a pleasure to have him on the team looking specifically at drainage and then of course Roger Roland who has had the responsibility of looking over the whole department but now in this new alignment he's really focusing on streets and basically everything else that's not encumbered but that's not part of water or drainage so it's basically looking at public works now water drainage in streets so wanted to welcome gradually the three of you and your new roles and have the have you have have the council have an opportunity to put eyes on you as well as the public so thank you all for being here for all that you do all right congratulations yeah y'all y'all may remember just something very like part of it Alex you may remember I don't know about a year ago or so there was a there was a duck that fell into one of our storm drains and we had a resident call that came in well anyway it Alex rescued the duck and I'm gonna say it went viral on tiktok you know so to the point I mean he what he I promise he was the most competent qualified and capable person for the job but just to remind me he put a little QR code on the top of his resume so when I scanned it it was the it was the it was the tiktok reminder of him rescue and the duck out of the storm so anyway I think I need to I want to refresh that up to the top of my news because anyway I gave us all the great laughs so it's great yeah anyway Terry yeah just kind of preparing for a monogrow which is next weekend or putting up barricades and you can see all the ugly construction fence that around our pretty around the bouts and all that so just kind of give you know special attention to all the workers out there because they're on roadside trying to a lot of moving parts especially down church street with the streetscape and also understand that they're gonna plan to start striping next Wednesday possible so whether uh permitting so there again we're gonna start doing all that and preparing for our monogrow period thank you Terry Pam and make this quick so she's not here doing this she would be it's a long night both HMGP projects of course are moving forward there's dirt being moved around the city you'll see that we've degressed and we've started so that we can put the dirt for highway 89 and fortune roundabout we are prepping for a utility meeting on the fortune road roundabout we have the roundabout laid out the extension we just got a difference in plan from brusard so we're trying to see if that can even be accommodated at this late point in the game for us because we need to once we verify utilities we can get a GMP we'll have everything to be able to get a GMP from the contractor so that we can move forward on that project we recently last week completed 2021 roadway improvement project so we're going to schedule our final walk through and next month we'll bring it forward for acceptance and next Wednesday we're gonna start on 22 roadway improvements we do need to get so if anybody's here from crest circle we're starting next Wednesday whether permit and crest circle to do the reconstruction i don't know what happened cut me off and from there we'll go to field crest we are going to just in case anybody asks on the arterios and the collectors we are going to try to schedule that with school but also around the moving of dirt because we can't do construction on the same streets that we need to move dirt to our location and we are wrapping up our drainage and bridge reports to accompany our plans to submit to the state for their review on our next it's our next semifinal for the review road so hopefully that'll be next week that we'll be able to give a package to the city that the city can in sent to the DOTD. Anzlem Kooli we sent an updated cost estimate to the state to see if they still want to move forward because we're not going to design something they don't have funding based on updated costs that are happening right now and then we are working through the state on what they need to do to get the money moved to store it for year roundabout and the work that you want to do on 92 with your right sizing money. Any questions for Pam? So if you see a lot of dump trucks moving around town it's because there are a lot of dump trucks moving through town and in fact that kind of lost sight of you know earlier this week I saw a dump truck and I decided to follow it and I was like I'd so caught up on what route the dump truck was taking through the city momentarily lost sight of the I guess the the magnitude of the moment because we've been fighting for to get dirt moved on these seven federal drainage projects for some years so anyway despite you know having a you know I was getting caught up in the particulars of what route are the trucks taking as opposed to just being happy that the trucks were leaving with dirt across the city so seven drainage ponds in three locations on two major coolies there are city 100% paid including all of Pam's construction fees are design fees over the last couple of years so a lot of movement near fortune hills coming out of that area about another 15 to 20 working days of excavation that project will be at least done and they'll move to the four down south on Bayou Park Purdue of the sports complex so anyway thank you Pam Susan Susan's on deck so with regard to the wastewater treatment plant we are awaiting permitting and the water sector funding on the streetscape we held our final inspection and they're working on the punch list items for the water treatment plant we've received the health department permit and fire marshal approval so we're simply awaiting city building approval and the rate study for the water sector program so we're in good shape what's the what does that look like and the last we talked you said they hadn't even really selected someone I haven't heard that they have they've selected they have an executed the contracts and I'm not sure why that's taking so long but that's all we know yeah well city permitting won't be a problem okay I figure this much and then the other two water projects with regards to water system interconnections and the elevated tank we're addressing the health department comments so that should come pretty pretty soon all right thank you Susan thank you for the street street scape looks great and Terry said that he knows the striping's coming jock street connection it's curing probably I think I saw some signage go up wanted today I was hoping I was hoping to do a I don't know consider doing a ribbon cutting but Marty grow up preparation got in the way so it's a full of orange netting so maybe hopefully the cleanup goes very well after Marty grow so we'll try to get something scheduled to officially dedicate that project to the residents of church street and turn it over right after Marty grow chief those is the topic conversation all the effort put in by the police department the coding course went off so 136 monday almost abandoned all the trailers all the ratti houses and campers of all are all gone the sister of the landowner came in and has taken over because the landowners become very ill and she's been a great help since we got her in there but I got a call from a couple of the residents yesterday that were very happy said we like looking over the NC empty we were wasting on a godly amount of man hours there was always something going on I even had Matt visit one time when the guy was barricaded in but a writer so it uh it's nice to see the fruits of the labor I commend the many women that went out there as well as miss minor she uh she's hard knows so she sticks to them she sticks to it pretty hard so other than that locky cards roadways closed at 9.30 degrees here at 9 a.m. 9 a.m. unless we get gridlocked earlier we will close earlier so everyone please get to your locations early because there will be no exceptions council members too so we we knew I was going to actually suggest some kind of uh uh pass or something not all of us have badges well there's a lot of officers from outside of the city and uh oh we're going to have a very we'll have our biggest amount of officers in a line time uh the mayor graciously uh decided to offer a pay for the officers working the uh the parade so we got a pretty good uh response to that uh a lot of times you'll see the department sending somebody so they're either volunteer for that assignment or they're violent told so but they uh they're coming in grows now okay at what time not during the parade and uh till traffic clears out oh that's not being blocked we're only blocking right at the uh parade route right right at the parade route I'm not uh going out I'm using all my mean power on the parade route council members would thank you chief we we put in your packet to their progress report or the sports complex expansion for the public April 2024 as when we're still targeting to be complete with the first phase uh there's been a lot of activity behind the scenes the design team uh we we have weekly at least weekly meetings now that project's broken into five phases and I've asked stacks to come next week uh and instead of just doing a report um next month excuse me he'll come and actually doing in person uh report to you guys uh the dirt package is the first one that's being that we've accepted bids on uh to give the public an idea the the the the the stack of dirt that you see um at the only expansion area the sports complex is roughly about seven or eight feet well this first package that is uh that it's being released is going to be to actually shape the mound of the dirt from its current position to about a 20 foot arm uh you know about 120 feet wide so so that's going to be the first thing that's about to move uh water sewers and the second package drainage final grading on the third construction plans for the remaining site elements are going to be in a fourth package that's due uh towards the end of March and in the concession stand structures still in design so we expect that to be the fifth design package that's the beauty of Seymour though we're slowly releasing pack design parts that can be bid out um you know in small segments so uh anyway to meet the completion date of April 2024 where to start having dirt moving here pretty quick so the bids have been sub have been received for the dirt moving here so we'll see some mobilization there in the near future uh index uh we'll be able to give you a more hands-on report um at the next at a future meeting good segue into 10 okay thanks Claire I know it's late but I do have a few things we're up and running of course as of February 1 um why I see baseball and saltball league uh finished registration it's our largest number today to uh 1583 with 17 spots left and so we'll fill that to get the 1600 to cap it our opening day will be April 15 um evaluations of this Saturday followed by a couple of weeks the team drives uh the KDNS sports league baseball and saltball league started tonight which you'll see out there tonight bitty basketball leagues finished they're starting their all-star play uh we will host their world tournament for boys and girls 12 you uh march 23rd through march uh 28 and uh teams will be from Finland Pennsylvania Pensacola and Kansas City some of the traveling teams F&A is registered right now for the spring flag football uh we get about 900 in the fall and 600 in the spring uh L.Y. I say in southside are starting their practices in games which will begin soon for the soccer uh all tennis programming continues and we've scheduled and bill has scheduled the first collegiate match uh with you'll men's tennis versus south Alabama on March 26th which will take place at the facility um but let's all fall completed their body grow invetational this past weekend with 18 junior college teams and division two women's fast pitch teams um it's going to now become a yearly event and they've already have 24 teams locked in for 2024 and councilman Merrill throughout the first pitch for that for that event uh the recreation center real quick the pickleball league continues we're also going to start uh next week on Tuesday Thursdays we're getting a lot of calls for beginners true beginners so we're going to have a court dedicated for leisure non-competitive uh starting next week um on Tuesday Thursday Thursdays 8 30 to 12 um we're looking to start in our own pickleball league probably between the months of April and June just because of the popularity of it uh the Rotary Club will host uh a fundraiser June 10th and it's going to be a glow pickleball tournament that'll be coming uh council and aging classes continue free play continues and LVL training um just a couple of things on the on recently got some a couple of awards the tennis facility uh was awarded the premier facility award from the USDA Association and only 20 facilities in the u.s. won the award and only two in Louisiana uh the facilities were judged on coaching programming and management uh two USDA national reps uh flew in to present bill and the YSC tennis facility with the award um the YSC facility we just we were notified that we received recipient of an award from sports destination management magazine of which Angie played a big part in uh it's a national publication for sports organizers around the country in the recent November December issue YC was selected in the 2022 uh champions of economic impact for the Mardi Gras Mamba tournament specifically and it's a national award with 15 facilities selected in each market large mid market and small market and so the small market winners were Panama City Beach Florida uh Guthrie Oklahoma Columbia Tennessee Oxard Mississippi San Deskio High O Sanford Florida uh Snowhomish Washington Butler County Pennsylvania Lake County Florida Decatur Alabama Roxana Delaware and Atlantic City in New Jersey and of course Youngsville our total room count this comes from LCBC who tracks economic impact was 2007 her in 24 room nights and the total economic impact was 1.9 million for that tournament so of course I'd like to special thanks to our city as a host of the Mamba you know the mayor and the council for having the vision and support of sports tourism uh Rick Freeman and southeastern University uh Ben Bertha lot Mike Robuck and Carl Tubes with uh LCBC and of course Josh and my tar staff tournaments coming up of course is the Mamba next next next weekend uh southeast and university of course is the host they'll be Northwestern Louisiana Tech, Nickel State Houston Christian Florida A&M uh gardenal web university University of St. Thomas the University of Toledo and Manhattan College uh from New York City we'll be hosting our first collegiate uh sugar beach we call it the southeastern sugar beach blast on March 17th through the 19th and we'll have nine teams including southeastern Louisiana the other schools would be University of Texas El Paso Houston Christian University University of North Alabama University in New Orleans Texas A&M University at Kingsville University of Louisiana Monroe Spring Hill College from Mobile and Nickel State University especially events uh I think crew Lava do has moved their cook off to April 15th uh I think it's going to coincide with our opening day which is going to give them a lot of a lot of foot traffic uh Bayou Jiu-Jitsu tournament is this weekend uh we also have another group called youbri Jiu-Jitsu they will be on July 15th Bayou FC MMA is coming back in April and May uh we booked for USA Powerlif in events which are going to be in April, July, September and November uh senior Olympics Pickleball tournament on May 6th and senior Olympics Horsley tournament at uh foster park on September 30th. Splashpad is a little behind just because of the rain but if they can they're hoping to pour concrete by the end of this month which will get them back on schedule. So not a lot going on short just just three four pages anything else. I was like Tim I'm exceptionally proud of I mean it's so much better if I have to focus on one thing for this conversation it's the it's the collegiate beach volleyball and and I you know that that take some personal pride in that you know because of our collective effort uh you know to not only build but to expand sugar beach uh so that's very exciting so and of course I mean not to be you know I bring that up but of course I mean uh all of it in totality I mean the wisdom of our of our voters to invest as heavily in recreation as they as they've afforded us um you know and still so much more you know in the works um I'm just so proud of to hear it all so sure and with the beach for terms of the beach specifically um with the local universities here now I think we're gonna have a chance to possibly uh look at hosting the Southland conference tournament so it's open up and we're doers yeah that's that's awesome so thank you keep up keep up the great work Clint top that please you heard the name you're you're a private development reports in your packet that's from Clint I will say uh council so the uh the the recreational trails grant that came to a close and uh and did the ribbon cutting they are accepting applications in July so um if you guys have any uh any items that you guys want to see at a trail on um they they do look at connectivity and that's sort of things um uh so the grant was uh increased this year to 150 000 so um that patient are opening now so feel free to and and and rest in this love you have any recommendations you've all said thank you so much um before we hear from the council just briefly about Marty Grau um you want to share the numbers you have them you don't okay we're excited to welcome everybody from Marty Grau a little bit um a lot of planning a lot of preparation we're inviting a lot of people to our communities so it's always an exciting time I just want to thank the staff in advance it's been it's a lot of work on the on the streets crew to put out all the barricades and so forth and the cleanup after in the permitting process um so I appreciate all of that uh we are changing um you know not allowing any staking or commandeering of public property we're really trying to keep the curb appeal looking sharp we have a lot of not only do we take a lot of pride in our community we want to have our best footfalls since we have a collegiate tournament in town this is that particular weekend uh so we have put out some guidance saying that anything before 5 a.m. will be swept and picked up and uh a few people said we don't believe you and the best I can tell you is testing because we don't happen uh so we're we're uh but anyway we're looking forward to it I can tell you that the um the permit number um is higher than we've ever seen before one 30 is simply is the float number the the register number including dance teams uh it's in excessive yeah so you can expect you can expect I would expect it to be a probably a four-hour parade you know at at at minimum um after every parade we uh do it after action debriefing uh is with most incidents or you know things that we do continuous improvement um you know we'll probably continue to ask ourselves the question should we cap it what's the number what does it look like um you know the big takeaways last year were more barricades and more policing I can I can tell you that we've already achieved both of those so there'll be more barricades along the route and there'll be more law enforcement uh than before so I'm sure that there'll be some new opportunities created this year and we'll respond uh accordingly as they come up so captain shot well anything from the fire department that's you want to share and then we'll get the council updates and then that's all I have the the numbers from 2022 on the uh calls that we went on ran a total of 955 30 none of those being structured fires 59 of those being fires like vehicle fires grass fires different things like the head 311 alarms 373 medical calls 73 wrecks with or without rescue in a hundred that uh there's too hard to put together all of that with an average response time of four minutes and 45 seconds which is awesome a lot of that's due to the increased staffing two stations spread it out and I can only imagine how much it's gonna go down whenever we get to station three on the south side um aerial what did they say you were in response was it uh another month on the truck on the truck we're about to get delivered uh uh no we only have it for the bridge oh really that quit okay I knew you the more good you want to uh you can put the pictures now if you want yeah so we're getting a new uh aerial it's about to be delivered they just got back from Wisconsin going to do the final inspection January 1st our new rescue slash engine got put in service so our fleet will all be updated which is awesome it's gonna save a lot of money in uh repair costs yeah that's it killing my hydrate yeah it's 107 foot stick the truck that we have right now with the elevated massive stream is a 2000 99 99 99 2000 and uh it's got a 35 foot reach so which means that here on a balcony and we need to save you we currently made it be really weird and we have this is a lot better for us uh the single axle makes it easiest from to maneuver especially like tight neighborhoods and the small parts of our community to hold apart a town but the reach is more uh tend to for us to get into to rescue yeah that in uh that other truck may or may not leave you stranded up in the air just depends on how it's feeling at the time so we're pretty excited about this but uh that's a all-blare head I'm excited to retire in that old area of truck it's been yes I don't really care for it's yeah it's less than the other three hours before so I'm good with it so that's it thank you captain appreciate it miss champagne thank you mayor uh I only have a question leadership applications is leadership still open yes ma'am it is uh to I believe it's uh we can pull the data I believe it's mid-March but no in enrollment's looking looking strong but yes thank you for that reminder anyone that's interested in certainly invite new enrollees into that program absolutely and all I have is happy and safe modigra and thank you all the uh street scape and looks awesome and I did see they were put in the orange netting around the back of it so I assume there's going to be the power bar case in the front of it right to keep people from standing in them looks very good thank you thank you small mr. standsbury uh yes just a quick reminder about our litter pickup uh it's annual we've done this uh since 2015 it's been a great success we it's a big team effort angie I don't see her here tonight but she's a big part plays a big part in this Tim thank you I mean Terry mayor all the council I mean this is when we all come together to just beautify and and pick up litter so citizens please come out on our facebook page we have a flyer so you can sign up through a website through the website there's a link and also please share it so we hope to see you out there and it's on uh february 25th so it's a Saturday after martyr girl and we're going to be meeting at the uh sugar beach cabana yes on the on the baseball side I think on the baseball sign yeah okay you know just for the entrance parking and entrance I believe is that correct Tim there's a yep but he's got a tournament in the rexner so and uh misschampon leadership friday march 10th is the deadline leadership young soul calm mr. remarry uh yeah Tim thank you for all the long list of stuff my pitch did get over the plate motorway it didn't hit the ground it curved a little bit but I know I caught it from my daughter who pitches the only thing I'm going to say is it's one of my favorite times of year martyr girl with the parade that we have and everything I think we do for y'all do a formal job setting it up for all of us when we get to repair all the benefits of it during the parade 60 degrees for the parade is what it's showing right now I know that's a long way out but uh sunny looking nice sunny 60 degrees and uh how long I gotta say is just uh go buy some more beans yeah it's that many permits yes mr. bulljianan uh just a couple of quick things about highlight uh we did uh get back as well since shed from the uh from less constant today um one thing that stood out to me was uh apple tunnel mines move uh uh I guess have a a a smaller young soul that happens and kind of grew into it is today and so as we continue to grow and new businesses continue to come in um they really shed the light on how many jobs they provide for their plant uh how much revenues is uh is generated through them so as we continue to welcome new businesses to come in what that will bring for us in hindsight uh in the generations to come as jobs are revenue uh so some of them they seem like it's we're taking over our city and it may be daunting but in reality it's it's a much larger thing than that so your jobs and rather than coming I think it just uh it's a big life for them um I did have the pleasure flying home with a destined foray today on the plane that was kind of cool uh he did uh mention and said that he's excited to bring his family and uh enjoy the parade with us as our grandmarshall also uh we talked about the retention ponds uh the aerial view if you have it a flood a young soul never you know in your future it's insane because in the last five years the things that I've seen you fought at night time you can literally see the sports complex in bro bridge yeah without a doubt today you're gonna fly on a daytime was nice just to see it it's just a clean uh unique set up timidestap your phenomenal job and to see an aerial view and I came with you with expansions done that'll be really great uh but the pond on the Riviera is like a crater you can see that crystal clear from so far away so if it looks like it's daunting it's not that big from the road trust me it's it's huge very large we're just getting started and then Marty grow you know everyone's responsible and respectful uh be kind to one another uh welcome our guests that are out from the city and it's shown a good time and for the love of god please act like events that were before yes because I don't want to wind up on somebody's tic-tac are the news and it be hashtag young zoo so that's all I got thanks Linda I'm just right um wonderful news for the sports complex congratulations and thank you for all the great job that you and your staff are doing and I think it's wonderful um like big thank you to Terry and his crew for getting us ready for the monogrow parade yes it is um I'm I'm excited really excited monogrow is my favorite holiday so very excited for the parade and just want to wish our south side wrestlers uh the best of luck as they travel to shreeport today for the state wrestling tournament especially my baby boy my kaboos his last year so nothing but good good energy good vibes and lots of prayers that he you know does not get hurt again and that's it thank you kill tell us about the picture yeah and this is it's nice this is just one of two ponds right this is the northern ponds are that the though yeah sorry not the northern western ponds one February yeah the monoprograms that made since this picture was taken is this is six days ago yeah it's wild wind if you but if that speaks volumes on dump trucks leaving the facility just put that in the dump truck dump trucks I've been talking about are coming out of fortune on the body of park to do that south of the Riviera in the background highland ridge at the top left and then if you clean if you go back to the other angle for me please the um it's two ponds there's a gas pipeline that that cuts through there um but you can't really appreciate it from this purview but to the left of the screen there's a tree area the the coolie that's the la salle okay from this area from this angle you can but that is a over the coolie is a is a wooded area that stays they will stay wooded as part of this project the pamp steam designed it that way so I mean what we envision in the future is that this could be has road frontage these two ponds will have a constant water surface elevation of course will fill up you know a much more significantly during heavy rain events but the tree dairy in the back you know someday in the future could be you know just nature trails or who knows what back there so it'll be a great compliment to Natalie all the things for drainage but also to park some rick so a lot of cool stuff happening so all right any other business before the council this evening all right we'll happy mario grata everyone was there a motion to adjourn motion all right second by all in favor our meeting adjourned thank you all so much for the privilege of serving