basically putting up pretty significant sum of money and return for the city's cost and running those traffic and you know analyses. And so I will tell you that we have an agreement in principle my lawyer is drafting something for you and the council to review. But we take it seriously and absolutely work absolutely work with you and ever go. Thank you. We've talked about 15. I think you're comment on the far hydrances right on we have already had conversations with with our engineers in terms of our water layout. And so I want to say for the record whatever whatever the city suggests in terms or requires in terms of where those hydrants are located. Some of those parks are really really short may not need one on both sides. So what I would propose is that I simply state for the record that I agree on whatever locations of our hydrants are required by the by the city we will comply with that. City always talks about naming alleys we've never named an alley it's it's really a private drive that accesses private homes. What we have started doing in our West Village neighborhood in Scott. We don't name the alley but in neighborhoods where the lot's front on a park is opposed to a street. What we've done is at the primary street frontage we actually have a plaque that list on either side of the park. The addresses of each of the houses there this you got five four houses or five houses on the other side of the park. Whatever the main street is at that park front on in those houses or sideways to basically there's a plaque that shows these street address it might be 100 a 100 being 100 c so that the general public knows exactly which house has which address or deliveries and things of that nature. So I would ask for a waiver of 18 in terms of us actually naming alleys but I got to tell you I'm not going to down the soil that I mean that's something you all want me to do I'll do. And that's it. Any council or are there any questions from Mr. Dagle about proposed development. Any public comment about the proposed subdivision sugarmobot 27. Okay so if I. Council I think assuming that you're in support of what you've heard during this it looks like it would be accepting the recommendation of clents. January six letter related to sugarmobot and phase 27 with adding a waiver for condition 14. Waving condition 15 both of the ADRC report on condition 15 you're asking that that the developer work with the city upon the correct placement of fire hydrants. And then there's a question about 18 we you're right we haven't been in the business of naming alleys I wonder is this I haven't seen that comment before is that because it's because we don't have. Is that because