that based on the feedback from you. Well, here's the feedback. And I've heard, you know, from a few of my, my sitters, you know, that I'm sitting by. We're all from the village. One lady's been here 74 years. My neighbor's been here 90 years. What you're trying to do is push progress into the village by having these developers come in and build townhouses. So you're trying to get us in the village to accept new development. And that's what I'm understanding on this. And that's not that he just showed up because he's talking about developing single family residents. Yes, it would be nice to get, you know, better value to the property. So some are dilapidated. I agree. But these are these people's homes. And they've been here 70 and 90 and 50 years. And you're trying to come in and bring your progress into the village. A lot of us don't care for that. You know, so this agenda maybe needs to be. Maybe we need more time to understand what you're trying to do. We know what you're wanting to do, but we don't accept it. You know, Mr. Gidry, you spoke of we, you know, and wanting to architect a cute little village. Does that mean removing mobile homes? Does that mean removing trees? When I bought here three years ago, the value of my property is very low. Just because sugarmail pond came up in the pond, my insurance has quadrupled the value of my property. Well, I like it regarding taxes because see what property value height and so will our taxes be heightened. So you're trying to bring these townhouses and developers in there. And are we going to have much of a sale on that like you did on Avenue A or with the new townhouse. I'm not sure if it's a B fifth street or it's street, but with this new development. Are we going to have a say whether you allow developers to come on in? That's a question, sir. There's no there's no proposed development tonight to say you know. I'd like to know were you here for to get more information about developing within the village within downtown? For downtown. His his developments are already built now. So you see you're trying to bring your progress into the village. You're going to take away what these people have had for 75 and 80 years. And that pile of trash along the side well. Why hasn't the city picked that up so that it was picked up same day. Okay, so there the property value just kind of went up a little bit because the trash is gone. I feel like the city needs to do their part in cleaning up. Anyone else want to talk about the village? Well, that's how I feel about it. You asked an I told you. And my colleagues might want to say something to the chime in for a