I'm sorry. How's it back there, Kim? Different. All right. Good. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the Young'sville City Council meeting. The regular schedule meeting today starts December 14th. The time is 6 p.m. To lead us in our invocation this evening. I'd like to invite past of Chris Williams to the front from Pentecostals of Young'sville church. To lead us in the invocation, and if you please remain standing, our pledge this evening will be led by Council Member Romero. Pastor, welcome. Thank you so much for having us, amen. Father, we thank you so much, oh God, for a great year. 2023 has already pretty much wrapped itself up. God, and we're looking forward to all that you're doing. God, continue to give us counsel, continue to give wisdom. God, continue to cause this city to progress and be on the forefront of what you're doing. God, we give you the glory and the honor for everything that you're doing. In Jesus' name, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. A pledge of allegiance to the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. One nation under God and the individual liberty and justice for all. Right. Nicole, please call the roll. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. All right. Thank you, Nicole. Council, before we begin the meeting, relative to the agenda, this afternoon, Wade brought to my attention. A new development in the Leon litigation. I know that you've expressed interest in being updated. This evening, I have that information for you. You can elect to meet individually with Wade. As your schedule permits, we can certainly call another meeting or at your discretion, you can choose to expand the agenda this evening for an executive session. Should you choose? Missed on plan. I would like to make a motion to expand the agenda and go into executive session to give the consul an update on the law and litigation. Okay. And I'd like for that to happen in other business. So we'll do if it's okay with the council We'll consider we'll we'll have to do a vote but we'll consider adding that at 6.2 which would be other business Later in the meeting mayor. I'll second that motion all right have a second by councilmember Romero So there's a motion to expand the agenda to consider other business that's the Leon litigation versus the city of Young'sville Ricky Bujure Eric Seguir and Amgard insurance company Miss Gaydry please call it This will be to expand the agenda to hear an update all in favor motion through All right, are there any other modifications to the agenda this evening? All right hearing none we'll go ahead into the recognitions We have two recognitions this evening a first one's 3.1 is to recognize Our friend our city treasurer Ben Burley on his retirement from the city which is effective December 29 2023 Whenever we have a team member that's been such an integral