Thank you. All right. Well, good evening, everyone again. Thank you for your patience. Thursday, June 13th. We welcome you to the regular monthly meeting of the Youngsville City Council. If you'd please stand, I'd like to ask Councilwoman Cree to lead us in the pledge of allegiance. And then Pastor Joe Cormier from the United States Assembly of Youngsville is here to lead us in invocation. The pledge of allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, the nation under God, the individual, the liberty and justice for all. Thank you, Ms. Cree. That's all I'm not following. That's all I'm not following. That's all I'm not following. That's all I'm not following. Thank you so much. Let's go to the Lord. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your love. We thank you. Herzleb Schön, our Lord, I need to report more to you. Those are all others. You are in death safely, holy Father. Stand oracyjn and take all lives in justice for us. Thank you, Rob. Grief. to better this community. And Lord, we ask for your blessings upon all of our families, upon all of our activities, just in upon our city, where we thank You for Young'sville and just for the opportunities that You've opened in this place to raise families and just to raise businesses up and just to prosper. Lord, we thank You for that. And we just give You all the glory and the honor for it. We pray this in the mighty and matchless name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Bares, here. Mr. Volgiano, here. Mr. Romero is absent. Ms. Cree, here. Ms. Champagne, here. All right, thank You, Ms. Gidry. Jenna, item 3.1 approval of the meeting minutes from May 9th, 2024, motion by Ms. Bares, second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any comments or questions? Any public feedback? Okay, hearing none, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Jenna, item 4.1 approval of the April 2024 Finance Report. All right, a motion by Ms. Champagne, second by Ms. Cree. Any council discussion? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right, thank You, Ms. Gidry. Other business, 5.1 is the bid review for the Young's World Water Treatment Plant. Council, I'd like to table this item until our next meeting. We're still working through some last minute details on the grant process and look forward to having an update for you in probably two weeks on that issue. All right, agenda item 5.2 is to approve the daily advertisers, the official journal for the city of Young's World for the fiscal year 2024 2025 is required by Revised Statute 43141A motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Ms. Barraz. Is there any council discussion? I didn't really get to see how the final bill landed, but I know that Representative Carlson had a