 you know we've had some discussion earlier this year related to development in this area of our city. We've heard some developments here at the council level and my goal by having this meeting tonight is really to try to strengthen the heart of our community but not over correct with any type of ordinances that may come from this type of conversation this evening. So I'll have more to say but I want to hear from you and so when we have public comment if you wouldn't mind come in forward give us your full name we have a timer you know up for three minutes but the council if dependent upon the discussion can we can see where it's gone and if we you know want to hear more we'll ask some questions because we do generally want to hear your feedback related to this topic to help us through this discussion we've asked Mr. Lynn Gidry who's up here seated to my right next to Nicole Lynn Gidry is an architect that has worked with the city since I've been around and probably before I think Lynn actually designed the city hall annex next door to us 305 I've various streets so he's a friend of our community and someone that I have great great respect for. Lynn was actually the architect of our land use ordinance there was a community nearby that did a land use ordinance when I was on the city council and working with Lynn that's how we came up with the land use ordinance that still governs our city today so I'm going to turn it over to Lynn he has some notes and he also has a PowerPoint presentation that he wants to share with the public we'll hear your feedback we'll open it up to the council and I have some some remarks as well so Lynn thank you for being here sir thank you mayor thank you everyone for allow me to speak here tonight I have comments but I don't have any hard recommendations to make tonight and so I'm hoping that the comments I make will spawn some response from y'all and we're anxious to hear that and so we'll get we'll get started with that I had forgotten that I had worked on the city hall next door I'm glad you didn't ask me how long ago because I would have been blank but I'm going to begin my presentation with just a history of the neighborhood I'm going to show you some maps some some old maps and give you a history of the neighborhood that you probably know better than I do but I needed to understand it in order to be able to get to this point following that I'm going to give you a visual tour that I did photographs that I took while visiting the neighborhood and getting familiar with it and then I'm going to offer some ideas I call them schematic ideas because they're very early on and hopefully it'll spawn some some reaction to build on so let's start with the little history this is an 1871 map I asked for the oldest map that we could find and I was surprised to find one this old 1871 it essentially shows toward the bottom of that map it shows where the church the church property the church of the somewhat I don't remember the name of donated property to the church it's one of the oldest Catholic churches in Lafayette parish and then it shows the streets that were existing at that time in 1871 and so not very many what what we now call and what was called then at that time Lafayette street there's a street called glorious street towards the top I don't think that street is was certainly not named glory anymore I guess is probably our burial street today and then church street towards right right just north of the church property and and at the top at the very top you can see you may be able to see I'm not sure how well you can read it but it says it's town of Royville at that time that this area was called Royville this was before it was incorporated into a municipality it was known as Royville the next map that I have is also you know what back was there it's also an old map but it's it's it's labeled at the top the corporation of Young'sville Louisiana and so this was when Young'sville became became incorporated 1907 and it shows more streets it shows the streets that we're going to talk about tonight it shows it still shows a church property that helped orient you and then to the west of that it shows church street but then it shows four east west streets so what we now know know as avenue a is shown there's not labeled but it's avenue a then there's an avenue b which in those days did not go all the way west and then there's two more streets so I would assume maybe someone had intended those to be avenue c and d but they'd never got developed that was in 1907 so this is what we call a quad map actually this quad map is much larger so I only cut out a small portion of the quad map. This is the site Mordenville quad map. And it is the oldest quad map that I could find. And it shows what youngsters will look like in 1939. It shows Avenue A, Avenue B, the church street. Does end this next map is a blow up. So, let me just get out here. Yeah, this is the map that I just showed you. There's a lot of it. I love maps, by the way. Again, I can spend a weekend looking at maps. Because in this map it shows the area we're going to talk about tonight. But it also shows the map. It also shows a railroad track towards the lower left side of the drawing. It shows a railroad coming in from New Arbiteria. And then off of that main railroad, it also shows a spur that goes off. You'll see it toward the top left side. Yeah, and it's pretty much as to where City Hall is today. So, that's all the old maps that I want to show you. Now, what I want to show you are recent activities that we've had in the past. Recent activities that we've had in the downtown, in downtown Young City Hall. City Hall was established and built in the building we're in tonight. Street scape came along and improved on Lafayette Street and more recently on Church Street. Then, Foster Park. Foster Park was a parish park at one time. Now, it's a City of Young's real park. All of these improvements were paid for by the City of Young's real. And the school board made great improvements to Greenfield Living School. And as we all know, there's a huge addition being done to St. Anne Catholic Church. Additionally, there's been some private investments. This is what I call the Royalville development. It was developed by Mark Maurey and Cecil Little. So, from here, I'll take you to a tour that I did over the last couple of weeks. Just taking photographs of different parts of the neighborhood. Because I'm going through the series of neighborhoods, a photos of the neighborhood. I want you to keep in mind that these are photographs of buildings and objects. But they're part of the neighborhood. When we work with a neighborhood, a developer may come along and make improvements to a single parcel. And he does that. He or she does that. It obviously raises the property value of that parcel. But if it's a well-done development, it also raises the property values of the things around that parcel. His hope is that it becomes contagious. That making those improvements will encourage someone else to make similar improvements. And when that happens, it raises his property values. So, it's kind of a give and take thing. And if you can get that going, then all of the property values of the neighborhood happens. The same thing happens when something bad happens to a parcel. If someone does it, maintain their property. It lowers that property's property value. But it also lowers the property value of the people, the property around that. And so, keep in mind as I'm showing you these photographs. Ask yourself, what is that property doing? What is that property? What is that image? What is the item in that image doing for the property value around him? So, as we go through here, I'll tell you, there are some beautiful homes. There are some beautiful homes, beautiful yards that are extremely well maintained. And you ask yourself, what does it do to the property value of the neighborhood? One of the things that struck me, look, these photographs aren't arranged in any particular order. So, you'll be able to make your own decisions as to how you feel about the various photographs. One of the things that struck me when I'm visiting that neighborhood is the abundance of trees and vegetation. I keep in mind the maps we just showed that some of most of this area was developed before 1939. Before I talked to John Bruce or today, and John told me that his first development was... The first subdivision was Copperfield, and he couldn't remember the dates either, but he thought it was in the 80s. So, up until the 80s, almost everything around Youngsville was what? There was sugar cane. There were no trees. And so, you go to Copperfield, you go to Copper Meadow, and you go to pretty much all of the subdivisions around Youngsville. There's no trees, except trees that were planted after the subdivision was started. The exception is this neighborhood. There's beautiful trees, there's mature trees, and not just trees. There's a lot of vegetation. Look at this particular house, beautiful vegetation behind it, but also in front of it. There's a mix of housing types. This particular house is... I call it a pre-World War II building. So, pre-1940s. It's wood framed, wood siding, built on piers. Some of the other houses that we'll look at, some of them are brick, some of them are wood siding, but they're built on the slab. They're ranch-style. They're very horizontal forms. They're... It's a style that we call a ranch-style. Very horizontal, but the big difference is it's built on the slab. We'll see some of that as we go through here. Look at this little house. The gable-land, there's brackets of there holding up that extension of the roof. Look at that front roof. It's got a gentle slope to it. It's a fine house. It's a really a nice house. And would I ask myself, what does that do to the property values around it? I'll let you answer that question. I'll let you answer the question again. You know, this is an unusual. Another, a nineteen-pre, nineteen-forties, well-built, well-maintained, well-loved. Somebody loves this house. It's taking good care of it. This is a new... I'm told this is a new structure, but it fits. It fits the neighborhood. It's got some... I call this sort of a cadian architecture, that roof, that slope, that real steep slope roof. Very neat. And I'm told it's relatively new. The streets are interesting too, because they're not real wide. And so they're not asking for a lot of traffic. There are sidewalks in parts of the neighborhood, but not everywhere. Some places, there's a sidewalk on one side, and not on the other side. So it's a little inconsistent, but there are some sidewalks. Overhead utilities, or overhead power lines. This old girl gives me hope. There's hope that that house, that building, could be salvaged. It looks solid. It may be prepping for a paint job. It's not, it needs a paint job, but it looks solid, and it looks like, at least I'm hoping, someone is preparing to give it a makeover. And some of the things that I see when I drive around is these four red signs. And that concerns me in the sense that some of the things there, and some of the things being built, or built for... It encourages a transient neighborhood. It encourages people who are going to live there for a short time, but they're all invested in the neighborhood. And that's a concern. That's something that I hope that we can address. So, in summary, what I'm seeing in the neighborhood is distressed. I see fluctuating property values. Much, much of it is the neighborhood as a whole is in need of a makeover. It's not only the individual parts, but the whole neighborhood is in need of a makeover. She was once beautiful, but has not aged gracefully. In fact, she doesn't know who she is anymore. So, how do we help her? How do we reignite the appeal that she once had? Maybe not the same charm that she once had, but one that respects her past while addressing today's lifestyles. I would suggest to you that the answer begins with the good news that the civic and private improvements that have been made nearby have created interest from developers to build there. How to manage that development in a way that protects and enhances the neighborhood is where we are tonight? Currently, it appears that there are not enough tools to protect the neighborhood. By that, I mean, ordinances and ordinances to protect the neighborhood example. If someone wanted to build or open a used car lot in that neighborhood, they could. So, the ordinance that we have in place now would allow that. So, it needs to be reworked, revised, and address the neighborhood that we all want. So, I suggest that we need to address some of the ordinances already on the book, possibly add some new ones to respect the historical nature and ambience of the neighborhood. The challenge, however, is not to over correct and thereby kill the developer's interest in the neighborhood. So, I don't have any specific ordinances, ordinance amendments recommendations tonight, but I do have some places to start a dialogue with the residents and the developers. And they include what I call an architectural code. And I see two architectural codes, one for non-residential, one for residential. The non-residential code should encourage pedestrian-oriented buildings, buildings that are close, built close to the street. Parking in the rear are on the side of the building. And if it's on the side, the parking should be hidden from the street. The materials should be materials that were available before 1940. Colors should be muted, glass should be clear. The forms, the building should be small scale, vertical proportions, and encouraged mixed-use buildings. So, that if we have retail on the first floor, is someone living on the second floor, that's perfect. That's ideal. The examples I'll show you, the photograph on the left is Nakatish, Louisiana. That's a stretch, okay? That's not tomorrow, that's not even next year. But, wouldn't it be great to have our street that engage that active? The photo on the right is something I pulled off of Google, and I think it was labeled a coffee shop. That's doable. That's doable, right away. Another example of an architectural code, these are two hotels. The one on the left belongs to your Naina State Highway, or four lane highway. The one on the right is designed to fit, I call it a boutique hotel, so it would fit in a downtown setting. The forms, the materials, the parking is hidden. The other architectural code that I would hope that we can develop is one that addresses residential. Those are the streets that we're talking about tonight, the avenues A, B, and the one by false to park. Really ripe for residential development. Some of the same rules would apply, but again residential oriented, on site parking. For enough cars for the residents who live there and for visitors, on site parking. I can't say that enough. There's really not fair for a development to happen and then to use the street as parking. Now, is that going to happen on occasion? Yeah. You know, it happens at my house on Christmas when I have the big extended family couple. Okay. Does it have a never weekend note? So, so on site parking is critical. The parking in the rear or the side of the building, the large doors should not face the front. Should face the side or the rear. Materials, all the materials before 1940, muted colors, clear glass, the forms, pitch roof, vertical proportions, front porches, I can't say that enough. Really critical. Really important. And ticket pencils. So, here's a few examples. All of these are. You know, with it, they would fit in that neighborhood. They would enhance. What would they do to adjacent property owners? Raised adjacent property owners. That's that's the goal. You know, is to raise their adjacent property owners. Be kind to your friend. Be kind to your neighbors. You know, back in the. In the old days, my grandparents days when people lived in this kind of neighborhood close together. I remember when I was growing up, our next door neighbors weren't related to us, but they felt like family. You know, when my dad was a contractor and the house we lived in was very well built. And so whenever there was a hurricane, the neighbors from across the street would come over. It was almost fun. I mean, you know, we dreaded the hurricane. You could barely hear it on the transistor radio, you know, because electricity was out there. But the whole neighborhood would come over. And why? Because it was family. I mean, they were related to us, but they were probably closer than some people that we were related to. You know, there was. And that's what that neighborhood, that kind of neighborhood can, can make happen. And that's, that's what I hope that we can bring back. So, let me see what's next. So, so another, another vehicle that we need to address is, and the mayor addressed this earlier, that I helped write the performance land use ordinance. And the performance land use ordinance is based on, first of all, it's not zoning zoning. And my mind is a very negative thing because it tells you what you can't do with your land. You cannot do this. You cannot build a beauty shop in your front yard. You cannot build a grocery store on your property. You cannot, you cannot do all of these things is zoning. The performance land use allows you to do anything you want with your property as long as you don't adversely affect your neighbors. Okay. So, it's a very permissive ordinance, a permissive way of managing growth. And it's based on two great principles, a American principle of freedom to do what you want with your land and the Christian principle of do on to others as you would have them do on to you. There's some tweaking that needs to happen to their ordinance. And so, I'm hoping that in the next phase of this work, we will, we will get to that. So, tonight is to open dialogue with the residents and the developers to achieve a goal of breathing you life into the church treat neighborhood. I hear her crying for help. She's reached out. She reached out at a meeting, what, two, three months ago. She reached out with those trash that was on the roads. When I drove around. She's reaching out to us and asking her for help. Additional discussions have had need to happen after tonight, but they can start tonight with the residents. That's essential. And that's the reason why they're in put. The results will not be successful. However, the residents need to understand that the developers are part of the solution. They're not the problem. Similarly, we need discussions with developers as paramount. But their investments need to be blended with the values of the residents. They need to keep in mind that the residents will be the guardians of their investments. Final words. The young's real church treat neighborhood is not unique. I live in one almost exactly like in Karen Crow. Right next to my house is a trailer, a very dilapidated trailer, and then a shack that's probably 10 by 20 that someone used to live in until it was condemned. I see the same neighborhoods in Scott, in Brobridge, in Broussard, and folks, it's across the country. It's not just young's will. But the advantage that young's will has in trying to solve the problem is the civic and private investment activity that you've had recently. Because of that, developers are interested. There's an interest. There's no interest in Karen Crow. None. When I, when I need to sell my house, maybe I die, maybe it's my children going to need to sell the house. They're not going to get prime dollar. They could get someone could buy the same amount of square footage in a subdivision around Karen Crow. And they're going to pay a whole lot more money than they will pay for my house. So either I have a problem if I try to sell or my kids will have a problem when they try to sell. I suspect some of you residents are in that same scenario right now. We need to fix that. We need to fix it while we can while we have the opportunity. Should crying to help. Let's let's work together to try to make that happen. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Lynn. And we're all here because we love young's will. And so I'm excited to hear some of your feedback. So again, I know that we have comments. But I would like to yield the floor and hear first from you. So whoever would like to go first. Or if you'd like to reserve, we can keep talking also. Okay, with it. Let me maybe share one thing and then whenever someone wants to speak, just raise your hand on technology and please come forward. As Mr. Lynn said, you know, one of the things that is so exciting for us right now is that there's a lot of interest in your neighborhood. And that's exciting. That's exciting for me because as our cities grown, we've really strive to grow the community together. And I believe it's in part to some of the investment that that Lynn alluded to. But I also think it's because of because we've been fortunate to have great property owners. We've been fortunate to have great developers. I'm also reminded that we have come this far without having zoning. So performance land use, I think has really solved that dilemma for us. But we've made it this far because when we see that we have an issue, we've come in with an ordinance. When we saw we were having too many of the same cookie cutter style neighborhoods, we've slowly increased those standards and guidelines. The ditches have to be closed. There has to be sidewalks. You have to today, you have to have so much green space. The streets can't be longer than 1,500 feet without there being some sort of traffic calming device in it. Today garages have to be set back more than a minimum of 25 feet. Similarly, we saw we were getting a lot of interest in storage facilities. So the council opted to kind of, I equated to when you're learning to swim or what I learned to swim, the swim instructor kept backing up. Well, similarly we did that with storage units. The spirit of the land use ordinance wasn't to say you can't do it. What we did was say, hey, you can do it, but these are the conditions you'll have to meet. So today it's unlikely, I think in that we'll see another storage unit in the foreseeable future because of those regulations. And then similarly, we were getting a lot of requests and a lot of interest for townhouses. So what we did in response to that, and I have just a couple pictures that Lynn didn't put up that I'll share with you. And maybe now might be an appropriate time to do it because we were getting a lot of interest in townhouses. So the council in our administration decided to, okay, well let's realize that not everybody may need a three-bedroom two-bath house. So how do we answer that question for someone? And I believe we came up with a really a pretty strong ordinance that regulates what's known as dense developments, low density developments. So a couple things that are within that ordinance today are, if you have a building of townhouses, there has to be unique facades. You can't just be like a boring plane, you know, a straight plane. Another one is you have to have green space, you have to have garages. Now I know you're maybe thinking that well some of what I'm seeing today doesn't have that. Well that's because we haven't, in my opinion, probably given that ordinance time to work to where we can see the benefits of those changes that were enacted with the adoption of that ordinance. So when I speak about strengthening what we have and not over correcting, I just want to be cautious because I think we have a great opportunity. You have a great opportunity that there's interest in your neighborhood. I don't live in your neighborhood, you know, so I want to make sure that the way we're governing it, if it's not appropriate today that we continue to strengthen it to give you something that, you know, you are going to feel comfortable living next to. And then also that you're going to be living. I think it's a valid point. I mean what happens to your property after, after you're not there. You know, it's interesting to me because I think that the one house that's one avenue way between fourth and, between fifth and railroad. I think is the only one that I can think of that's a new single family house, probably in the last couple of decades. And I might be missing one, but that's the only one that I can think of. I'll give you another example of how we've strengthened ordinances over time. So, you know, we have a couple of houses, mobile homes. Today you have to be under 10 years old and mobile home can only fit, excuse me, on a piece of property that has a 30 foot will be referred to as enhanced setback in all four directions. So a typical single family residential house in a normal neighborhood would be five feet from the side. And you can't build 20 feet from the front to garage, just be 25 feet from the front and 10 from the back. So a single home has to be 30 feet in all directions. So with the spirit of the land use ordinance, you'd have to have a pretty nice size piece of property to have 30 feet in all directions to fit a new mobile home that's 10 years or less. If you have a mobile home now, that's your property, it's your home. Nobody wants their property typically to look. No one has more pride in their home than that home owner. So it's grandfathered as long as it's there. I'm talking about if you, if one's removed and a new one to come back in. So there are just a few examples that I have of how ordinances have strengthened over time. Metal buildings, we were concerned that maybe there was going to be too many metal buildings, particularly on Stimmmett, Parkway, you know, at the time. So, you know, now there's a requirement. And this is a, this is an interesting one because strengthened but not over correct. What we said was 51% has to be another material, not just metal. But there's a fine line between over correcting because I could point out a couple of buildings within our city that I think we all would take pride in that are more than 51% metal. So we've really not wanted to limit the architectural creativity of professionals like Lynn who are, who are an architect. One that comes to mind is CC's coffee and Metery Center. That building I think is probably over 51% metal and in our current code it may not really fit. The other one is Revive, the, the, the gem that's on Fountain View and Iberia Street. I'm not sure that those building materials would really fit within that ordinance. So we do have to be cautious, I believe, of not, you know, when my house was built in 2012, you know, everybody was doing base of the same color. And, you know, so there's issues, not issues. I mean, you go on a new neighborhood to everything's white. I want to be careful about not prescribing to in detail there that would in essence limit your house or limit your ability. Let me show you if I could just a couple of examples of what's inspired because I believe the townhouse conversation's going to come up. So I just want to show a couple of examples if I could. Yes. Okay, the, the first one. This is an example of, excuse my desktop. Oh, okay, good. You didn't see it. No. It's behind me. So this is an example. Look, this is new. This is relatively new. So again, it's not, it's not, you know, I'm not, we're here because we all love young, not, not passing judgment. But when there's demand for our product, we really said, hey, you know, this is, this is okay. But it's not really what we want to see more of. And for me, it wasn't because we didn't want to have townhouse development. We recognize that not everybody again needs a three bedroom, two bath DSL, D house, you know, because some people are empty nesters, their retirees, their, they travel for work, different generation may not want to have the maintenance. So what's changed from this that why this wouldn't be allowed today is that long straight plane, you know, that, that to see a concrete. No garage, you know, there's not really a lot of architectural element, you know, my opinion to this one. So this couldn't happen today with our existing, with our existing ordinance. The next one, I'm going to show you another example of that. This wouldn't be able to happen today for two reasons. One, because it's one I bearish street, which is designated as a, a major arterial and on our major arterial is the 200 foot depth. So from the road 200 feet is reserved for commercial property. And that basically is an effort. So that way we're not just a city of neighborhoods that there's some commercial development happening here. The second reasons I've really already touched on here, you know, this one doesn't have, you know, the garage is so forth like that here. So what happened after this, I'm going to call it phase. This is, those are two examples of we saw interest in town homes. So as we've done historically, we've said, let's strengthen what we have in the spirit of the land use, not by telling a developer know, but basically raising the bar. And that's when you saw us having, that's when you saw Avenue A town homes come by. That's when you saw a development that's going to be going at Foster, Foster Park at Fort Street. That's when you see the townhouses that are going up at the end of first street adjacent to Foster Park. Those, and I'm sorry, I don't have pictures of those today because I think you'll, you know which ones you live in the neighborhood, you know which ones I'm talking about. Those if you notice there's a difference to them Avenue A town homes wouldn't happen today as you see them. So the simple reason of it, it's from corner to corner. So our current ordinance we wouldn't wouldn't be allowed. The current ordinance allows 10 to 12 per acre just to kind of give you a footprint. And I don't know the density of the ones that Avenue A. Now I think that Avenue A, we had a public hearing, we heard some of your concerns and feedback about it when that neighborhood was, when that development was approved. What's interesting to me and looking at that development today, it's selling for $187 a square foot. That's more than I could get from my house and copper meadows just to let you just to put a perspective. That development doesn't have garages, but it has car ports. So then we knew that we were doing this ordinance. So when at the end of first street near Foster Park came along, that one has garages. That one had to do, did get I think a variance on the density to where they were unable to do maybe one or two more than the actual density there allowed. And it was allowed because I think there was a, I believe there was a tree there that might have been said, I don't remember the particulars about that. What I would share with you is that we haven't seen a townhouse development. Well, we did actually, I'm going to show you an example of one. And I'm focusing on the townhouses simply because that is where we've had some development conversation within this particular area. So there's a particular lot at church in church and fifth street. Going back a couple of years, this is what it looked like. So, you know, church, young, so middle, everybody know where we are? Young, so middle, you know, right kind of behind this way. This way. So this, this is at church and fifth, this particular lot is 67 by 165 feet deep. So this is what was there. I don't know why it says that, but it's not that. After that mobile home left, keep in mind, I've already said that a mobile home can't go back there because there wasn't enough, one enough space to put it. This is what that property looked like and it looked like this for some time there at that particular intersection. The grass was getting cut by the city. In your neighborhood, we have, I didn't bring the list here, but I think it was at least four or five, which known as adjudicated properties there. That's where the property owner, that's not unique, you know, to any particular neighborhood, but in that small area, it's a lot to have four or five adjudicated properties. What that means is that the property owners walked away, they're not paying taxes. There's a waiting period. Hopefully it can get returned back in the commerce. But what happens in the meantime is we're cutting it and you're paying for it. That's what happens. So this was an example of before, you know, that property was cut there. The last one that I'm going to show you there is an example of kind of what spurred this discussion. This particular building is a triplex. Has the garages. This particular building would take up 69 feet to have a triplex like the 69 feet. That lied if the tax assessor is correct, is 165 feet long on fifth street. So 165 feet long and this would take up 69 feet of it. Before coming to this meeting, it's 0.254 acres. So we allow us at 10. You can do up to 12, but we 10 without having to go into another tier for a complication. But 10 town homes per acre. So on this parcel, you can do 2.5 town homes. So 2 doesn't work for the development according to the developer, but 3 does. So I guess one, the reason I'm showing these pictures and the reason we're having this at a neighborhood meeting is because this is the, these are the things I want you to think about. You know, with this and look, I'm just sharing with you what the ordinance would be today. Now the only difference with the ordinance, the ordinance would allow 2.5 of these units on this particular lot. There was a concern about parking. You know, as you can see, there's a single car garage and a single car driveway. There was enough space here to where we could have required three or four off street parking on that lot because it was a hundred, it's 165 feet long. So one caveat of this particular ordinance with the with multi dense developments is that the council wants to make sure that we got the ordinance right. So even if even if a development today that is a town home development, even if it meets the ordinance, it still has to come here for the council members to decide if that's if it's if they want to they want it or not. So I think that that not been in that ordinance 2.5 town homes administratively we would have rounded it up to three and this would have been permissible. I don't recall if there was other factors on here because this was a couple of months ago. On the backside and I don't I didn't take a picture. I don't have a picture of it here, but on the backside, the second story windows, the ordinance requires them to have. So this is the window of Bermuda shutters with sticks out like this. So basically if you're in the adjacent yard, you don't have that feeling of somebody, you know, looking down on you and it achieves having daylight, you know, still into the upstairs unit. So I'm trying to spur your feedback to because we need direction to know if the council gets a vibe of where where we're going with this, we were we can if nothing else potentially maybe modify the ordinance to say, you know, hey, if it meets the parameters, it doesn't have to come back, you know, before the council. So my goal and not just specific to your neighborhood, but our goal is we want to be easy to do business with not at the expense of getting it wrong, but we want to be easy to do business with and be able to work with developers from concept to CEO certificate of occupancy. So for us to be able to do that, we need to know what rules are we following to share with developers to be able to do so. Yes, sir, please. And I'm going to be able to make a vote for Matt Gula and I'm one of the developers in the downtown area developed Avenue A. I was a part of the Metri Center development and also with Sugar Mill Pond, the new townhomes next to. And, and really when I was preparing, I thought we were going to have a vote to where it was just going to be single family homes. I'm trying to tone it down here. But so the biggest thing for us is, you know, we've invested heavily in this area over the last several years. We're betting on young's will we love young's will we see in the growth. And when we purchase most of our property or all of our property was under the new ordinance. Besides Avenue A, everything was after the new ordinance in 2022. So the biggest thing there was, you know, it's like, you know, we invest in this area and for things to just dramatically turn to a yes or no vote is something that we felt was unfair. And then too, you know, every time we have a development, we come and we usually do a pre-development meeting. I usually contact Kim like, hey, you know, can we sit down and meet with everyone and see if this is in line with the vision of young's will and we respect that we want to be in line with the growth of young's will. And in the event it doesn't align the council still has the ability to cancel it. So that was my main point if we were ever to get to, you know, a place where we're like, hey, only single families are allowed in this area. Those would be my arguments is that you could still with the current ordinance in place and zoning structure. We can still turn down if it's not something that is in line with the vision. And then you brought up town homes, I guess, to give everybody some more clarity on why probably town homes or coming up more than normal is because town homes are a single family product. So it's from a financing perspective is the same as a single family home on the secondary market for financing. So, you know, it's typically people would build a town home with the intention to sell in it for a family or anyone. Now that you can't prevent someone from buying it as an investment and put it up for rent. But that's the difference between a condo and an apartment. Those are usually built for rent from the start. So that's probably why you're seeing more of this product. So it's technically a single family home from that perspective. So, I mean, that's the biggest thing about, you know, creating a zoning restriction, you know, one property can be 50 feet from another site. And it would warrant a totally different zoning because that one's more suited for commercial side or mixed use side versus another one that's tucked in surrounded by some other homes might demand a single family home. So I just think a blanket, you know, structured that bands, you know, any type of attached development would just would not be fair. And that's up. Thank you. One thing that, Miss Steve, please come on up. One thing that has been, I think that we should add to the suggestion bank is, you know, often when we're having these pre-development meetings, you know, we'll know if it's going to be a rental product or not. And the reason I know, you can go across the entire city in any neighborhood and we'd have nothing that's preventing anyone from renting their property throughout the city. If maybe a particular homeowners association may discourage it, but we don't have anything in our city that does it. But we typically know at the time that in the pre-development meeting because they'll tell us, oh, I'm going to keep it all plated as one. I'm going to keep it all plated as one and the other clue that I look for is water meter. Oh, no, we're just going to do, we'll just do one water meter and that's going to be what included in the rent. Well, if you think about it, when there's one water meter, that's one that's keeping the cost down for the developer because they're not having to do multiple tie-ins with drives the development cost up. The other thing, if they have to subdivide each parcel as if it could be for resale, that's also driving the cost up because that's another professional, they have to pay to do it. So, you know, in my thought, you know, should there be a concern about that? Again, I'm not trying to solve a problem that I don't know what it is. But if that is a concern, we have tools that we can do to at least prepare the property for individual sale. But same as we do in any other neighborhood, should they rent it? I mean, we don't have, we don't know that. So, Miss, Miss, come on. I'm Deanna Montgomery and I live on church street. And on first, I'd like to know, do we in the village get a chance to vote on this ordinance? I'll be happy to answer that. There's no ordinance. Well, that you're trying to make here that you're talking about. What we're talking about is, should there be more? Should we do more? Right. And we would only know that based on the feedback from you. Well, here's the feedback. And I've heard, you know, from a few of my, my sitters, you know, that I'm sitting by. We're all from the village. One lady's been here 74 years. My neighbor's been here 90 years. What you're trying to do is push progress into the village by having these developers come in and build townhouses. So you're trying to get us in the village to accept new development. And that's what I'm understanding on this. And that's not that he just showed up because he's talking about developing single family residents. Yes, it would be nice to get, you know, better value to the property. So some are dilapidated. I agree. But these are these people's homes. And they've been here 70 and 90 and 50 years. And you're trying to come in and bring your progress into the village. A lot of us don't care for that. You know, so this agenda maybe needs to be. Maybe we need more time to understand what you're trying to do. We know what you're wanting to do, but we don't accept it. You know, Mr. Gidry, you spoke of we, you know, and wanting to architect a cute little village. Does that mean removing mobile homes? Does that mean removing trees? When I bought here three years ago, the value of my property is very low. Just because sugarmail pond came up in the pond, my insurance has quadrupled the value of my property. Well, I like it regarding taxes because see what property value height and so will our taxes be heightened. So you're trying to bring these townhouses and developers in there. And are we going to have much of a sale on that like you did on Avenue A or with the new townhouse. I'm not sure if it's a B fifth street or it's street, but with this new development. Are we going to have a say whether you allow developers to come on in? That's a question, sir. There's no there's no proposed development tonight to say you know. I'd like to know were you here for to get more information about developing within the village within downtown? For downtown. His his developments are already built now. So you see you're trying to bring your progress into the village. You're going to take away what these people have had for 75 and 80 years. And that pile of trash along the side well. Why hasn't the city picked that up so that it was picked up same day. Okay, so there the property value just kind of went up a little bit because the trash is gone. I feel like the city needs to do their part in cleaning up. Anyone else want to talk about the village? Well, that's how I feel about it. You asked an I told you. And my colleagues might want to say something to the chime in for a second. Not just for everybody. Okay. I think that the mayor I thought the way he explained it was very clear. But right now there's very few restrictions on what can be developed in the area of downtown. Right. The council the mayor. We're trying to get the residents. A lot of you that I've known for a long time involved in this conversation to see what do we need to do to tweak the ordinance as is. Do we need to do any other restrictions? Are you okay with some things? We're trying to find out because the last thing we want to do is have 10, 15 lots with three story, two story town homes apartments. And you're here two years from now wondering why did you let that happen. So so getting so getting you all involved in this conversation is very important. Because I hear from many of y'all don't forget about old youngsville. Don't forget about old youngsville. We're here tonight because we're not forgetting about old youngsville. Mr. Gulaz here because he does own multiple properties down there. He has developed stuff because we wanted to quote unquote test that see how it looked down there. I think they've been a good job where they had, but we recently stopped the development because we were concerned. We were led to councilwoman Shampine and councilman Varas to get this tonight to happen. Right. So this is more about there's nothing on the agenda to vote on. There's no ordinance out there right now to vote on. It's to find out what can we do to work with y'all to move forward. Well a lot of us don't know what the ordinance exactly is except by what we're being told a little bit tonight. Yeah, and that's what we need to just review the ordinance of the city before being able to really give opinions. But as far as opinions right now and some people don't care to get a parent speak for whatever reason. Thank you, Mr. Montgomery. There's also by allowing the relevant right here. A couple of right people saying to speak great. Well, I'm glad because this lady's been here way longer. Hi, my name is Rose do y'all. And I have a question that might might not be quite as pertinent as you might expect. I'm not going to say it anyway because it's my concern. A lot of the public property that belongs to the city right away. I'm going to give you an example right next to Jackie Longland's house. There's a lot she lives the house beyond the corner of right across from the old police station. That corner on the on the end there on the corner of fourth and avenue B belongs to the city. That lot is hardly ever moved unless somebody really raises cane. I walk every morning. I see that on the corner of that lot there you can't even walk on the sidewalk. And people are also allowed to park their cars. Now that doesn't concern the developers and what we're talking about. But if the city is so interested in beautifying the earth. The people the how do you say the y'all y'all are interested y'all want our feedback. Why aren't you interested in cleaning the ditches are putting concrete. Coverts where they're needed in the city and and mowing the grass and not leaving it all over the sidewalks that you can't even walk on it. I agree with with some areas need to be cleaned up. I totally agree with that but there's more to it than that inside of our town inside of the city limits the old city old town let's say. We are the last ones to get our garbage picked up on pick on pick up days and if they don't pick it up on Friday due to the weather or the whatever. We get picked up the next week why it seems like the neglect is more and more in the inner city what we're talking about the old part of town yet you're interested in bringing in new stuff. I know they're growing pains growing pains are just that pains when you're growing I understand that. But what you can take care of it doesn't seem like it y'all are tape I say y'all you know what I mean I don't I'm not accusing anyone particular person right here but it needs to be addressed more than it has been addressed and that's mainly my concern. You know like I said growing pains are just that pains when you're growing this is going to happen. And I think that we can work on that in an amicable way you listening to us we listening to you I need I know people want to build they want to upgrade they want to make young's will look better but work on what you have instead of trying to work on what's going to come in the future so much and I think that that would be a great thing for this town. That's all. Thank you. Thank you. My name is Sandra I just have a question what is the like the new land use I need to know like what is the time frame for that you know what is that going to be put into play because I know you'll say this is the hit y'all trying to get something like the historic district into the land use and I just wanted to know what is what I said how long would it be before something like that goes into effect. Well I think we're trying to just gather feedback about what actions if any need to be taken that's what I do have something to say that a lot that you were showing I was born and raised there that's where my house used to be with the one on the street on the corner but I just my question is how many more townhouses are y'all going to let come here I mean I see it every day I mean like I said I've been here all my life and I watch it play out every day with the traffic it's a madhouse. I mean this is one way where where I'm at on the corner you have traffic coming from young'sville middle going this way leaving young'sville middle you have green tea living traffic and then you have people coming down the one way now you got all this traffic from all these townhouses I mean when is it how many more development y'all going to have I mean when is it going to stop that's all I mean I want to know at what point are you going to say okay you can't tell people what to do okay but we have enough townhouses I mean it's just like I said I mean Parc or something and I mean I know a lot of people are going to have the traffic and that's what I think it's just too much I mean this is a historic district but it's like you taking away from it with all of this stuff and I understand you want to enhance it but to me it has to stop somewhere because it's really too much it really is too much I'm saying I see it every day just like this one and I want to bring my grandkids to school traffic was backed up way past the car wash I had to go all the way around I'm gonna start moving in. You're gonna have to leave at four o'clock in the morning to go to work. When does it stop? That's all I wanna know. I mean, I understand progress. You have to make progress. You cannot stay stagnated. And I know the city has to move. I've been here from a village to town into the city. I've been here, you know what I'm saying? But it's just really out of hand. Everybody comes here, it's self-serving to them. I didn't hear anybody say, well, let's see if in our elders maybe need help to fix their dilapidated homes that's falling apart. Maybe some people don't have money. They don't fix incomes just like my parents. I mean, but just don't say like the city is just trash on the part where we live. There's older people live there, and they do need help. And the stuff that I'm saying is like, everybody that come and develop is self-serving, but I don't hear anybody saying, let's help the people. Let's see what they need there, what do they need? It's not like me, me, me, what I need. And let me try to get up. Let me get my money up, you know, quick fast in a hurry. I just wanna know when does it stop? Cause I really have enough. I really do. I'm tired of seeing it. It really is too much traffic. I mean, you all do a traffic study for everything. That's a traffic study for everything. It's a traffic study being done to all these townhouses that's coming. I mean, really. The issue with traffic is that you have two schools in a very small area that are no longer neighborhood schools. And there's a, you know, when they were neighborhood schools, a lot of people went to the neighborhood school. Now there are larger areas, schools that are coming and not as many people use the bus as you know. I know. And it's like I said, I'm just saying, I mean, I understand you have to move forward. It's progress. I mean, life doesn't stay just in one spot. I get it, but I just wonder like one is somebody gonna say, okay, we have enough. Well, we, you know, I recall, I mean, vividly, I mean, Mayor Viettaart told me, he says, once you stop growing, you start dying. Yeah. So, I mean, that's something that I think about, you know, because I want to see a vibrant church street. I want to see somebody reopen in someone is where our lean is, but in order to have people that want to... But trust me, I do want to be a good... I need people to live there to spend money at Orleans. I remember the times in Shannon. You remember too, that was nothing here for us. I mean, I do appreciate people coming here. We grew up here, it was nothing. They would call it a sticks. It was nothing here for us. And I mean, I do appreciate people coming in. But it's just to say, I mean, it's just, it's like they're all on top of us and it's like, can we just breathe for them? That's all I'm saying. I'm saying, I think that's all I'm saying. And I love y'all. Thank you for coming tonight and a voice in your concern. I just had a couple of questions. So, as far as you're asking about the ordinance, which one are we going to put in place and what that's going to be? There's already a Lanyard's ordinance and an ordinance in place today. This is more or less for us to get your feedback on how you want us to currently tweak the existing ordinance as it is today and how do we see it fit from today going forward? And how do we want that to be used? Okay. As far as the... What did you mention to me? As far as the properties being dilapidated is if we're focused on one part of town. I don't think it's per se that. We have that all over town. I mean, even in my neighborhood, there's homes that are dilapidated. The difference is that there's an actual way that we pay for that governs that versus y'all don't have that. So, you would fall into the city ordinance. Which that currently gets adhered to. But as far as you want to know what's... When's it going to stop? I guess my question to you would be is, well, it's the 12th of here tonight is what do you want to see? Because if it's... If it's you want it to stop, then what do you intend to go into that place? Because if it's nothing, then it's just a vacant lot. But if you want to see something, then what is that something? It's... I mean, I don't want it being something, but say, for instance, down the street where my mama lives, in the back part, the yard, he wanted to put three there. If he wanted to put like three, what it would, I guess, the little duplex. Correct. Three individual homes. Okay, I get it that you have to put something there. But why it has to be something such of a large magnitude and to call us so much traffic? That's what I'm just saying. I mean, why? Just like at the... I don't know what they're going to do with the corner. Probably for the same reason that no one's bought that lot since I was a child and walk into Grantee London and hasn't developed it since then. Yeah, the one that's over there. There's no... There is no one who has the monetary or the funds to be able to develop this property to what they want. And if they did, then they would have done it by now. Or someone in there would have... What are you talking about? Any of them. Any vacant lot that's either been acquired by the city or has sat and stagnant vacant since even I was a kid. And there was a mobile home put on it and then it was hauled off and then it just sat overgrown and sat stagnant. Which to me, that's negative on you. Like on Yols, you know, in the neighborhood, I don't want y'all to have a negative outlook or an overgrown lot to just be overgrown and sitting stagnant. That shouldn't take place in that historical district. So for me, when we hear a lot about, we want it to stop, it's like, well, okay, well, let's stop then, but what do you want to happen? And like I said, I don't want progress. You have to. But I'm just saying, if you're going to put something there, that's fine. But then again, it's like... Like I said, when they come and they want to develop something, it's not something that's just minimal. Everything is just on a grand scale. You know better than I do. You know that's traffic and like, or and then how's it going to be on the corner? You tell me, Lindy, how's it going to be? Well, thankfully with our Olinia Sortins, everything requires a drainage study and a traffic impact analysis. So everything's going to require it. How many cars can fit in a lot? How many vehicles are even allowed to even be in that development? So that town home only allows two cars per development. It's so different than, you know, and there's some of them in the someone building a, you know, one home in that lot per se and having five cars in the driveway. Well, can I have, because the trailer that was there before, they had 50 people living there, so this governance is a little bit further where they build a duplex, but only two cars are allowed per duplex, then we're able to govern that a little bit more, versus if someone builds a home and they put five cars there, we're going to control that. Okay, and I do have something else to say. Since this area where I live is getting more, can we do something with the streets? We have no lines on the street to tell people, because say, for instance, like, when I'm going on the corner, people getting mad at me, they thinking it's a one way street. It's not a one way street. Can we get something that lets people know since you're going to develop that side of town? Let's do it right. Let's put markets on the street. Let people know there's a right lane, you know, right side and the left side of the street. Those streets, nothing has ever been known to those streets if I've been living there. Sandra, come on. We, that we've worked on several of the streets. There's been new signage. There's, there are one way is going different direction to lessen the traffic. So thanks have been done to that. I'm talking about the street itself to let people know that needs to be markets on the street. Let people know what side to be on. They think it is a one way. It means just like even right now, with the one way you sign up, the way you're parent house? Yes, and I'm not. Not on green tea. No, no, no, that's not what I'm talking about, because we've worked on stuff and I get it. I'm not in no way bashing you about anything. No, no, no, that's not what I'm saying. I'm just simply saying something has to be done because somebody's going to get killed on that corner. That's all I'm simply saying. I see it every day. And just what they want to clarify, the council of the mayor, we are not bringing these developments. They're brought to the city. They go through the mayor's office for discussion and make sure they follow that ordinance. And at the end of the day, it's in front of us. And that's why you're seeing some things that are being done like the townhomes. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. But that's why it's like, hey, we had to take a pause because we need to know like what do you want? I mean, it's either we go door to door and sit hours in your house and drink coffee or we have a meeting like this. And I know you welcome me. That's, I appreciate that. Or all of us, but we need to feedback. Like Lindy said, that's what we want. We want to know, hey, we don't want to see anything three or four stories. I've got a story, you know, cause for my neighborhood. And I've, you know, got very aggravated about it. And we came to a compromise on it. But you wouldn't want that, you know? There's certain things that you don't want in your neighborhood. Let us know. Miss Montgomery, unless you're going to come up to the front, please. There's people that are watching streams. Okay, but that's all I have to say. And like I said, it's just busy. And y'all know what I'm talking about. It's crazy about folks to park. It's just crazy. I mean, like I said, in no way I'm bashing anybody that's sitting on the council. I mean, I have a working relationship with everybody. I have a problem. I come to you, let you know what's going on. It's just so much on that in a town. Thank you. I call on that a thing. Miss Keel, just, I mean, school just got back in. I mean, during the summer, I'm sure you notice a difference with not as much traffic. Not as much traffic, but people still coming in the wrong way on the one week. But school traffic summer is not bad. It's not bad. It's just school, going to school. It's all of this. Yeah, school traffic. Yeah, school traffic. School traffic. Oh, that's all right. Okay, thank you. I appreciate you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Long. I sit here now. Has a few sets on there that you can fill up on there. So that I can help them to better understand what a developmental project, you know, what it entails. Brandt Longlenae, I own 211st Street in Young's Bell. So I've been working for three years on a property. It was formerly Mr. Freeman's property. Still has the Cinder block building. And it's a hotel development. I worked with the city, got all my permits, got all the variances that I needed to construct. But the biggest question that every lender has come to is, where is downtown Young's Bell going? You mentioned the word village. Young's Bell is no longer a village. What's inside there? We really have to have a conversation about where do you want it to go? And that's the purpose of this meeting. So commercial development is not happening there. It's all just like she said and other people, the development of single family homes or townhomes. I'm the only commercial development that I've heard of in that particular area that's trying to build something that would bring inhabitants to the city for a transient amount of time. My question to the city council and everyone in here is the only intention of downtown Young's Bell and Old Roy Bell to be now a suburb of a suburb. Or do you want actual development? Like he showed you a picture in Nacadish that you can walk the streets and you can have individuals that are around it who can share the city and utilize it with its inhabitants. Because downtown is intended to be walked. That's what downtown's are for. To be walked. They're not to be driven on. They're not to have cars. They're to be walkable areas. In the current landscape that exists right now, that's what's proposed. I have over $150,000 in infrastructure that's missing from there. And I went to the city and I got funding that would help with everything around it. But whatever's on that interior is from 1920. Everything that's on the inside has to be developed by that particular development. Water, sewage, a landscape that would include our attention pond for a half an acre. I mean, I think those things that that's the dialogue that I was hoping to hear here is do the people that are here tonight and the people in that particular location want to see commercial development. And that's my question. Well, I think one thing that's worth pointing out, I mean, this corner property was for sale over a year, over a year, probably, at least. At least. And I think I'm being conservative by saying over a year, I mean, which is my point about there's not been a new home constructed in this area. I'd love to see it. I'd love to see it. But that you, Ms. Loney, you bought the house looking to the right. Didn't you? I mean, looking at the property, didn't you buy the house to the right as well? The freezons. That's just a friend of a friend. So that property is now being utilized as an Airbnb was renovated and was unable to be sold. So now it sits as a transient housing, like he explained, that hopefully we'll turn over for that particular developer who is a house flipper. His intention was never to build something commercial. Now, I have hesitancy because I'm not seeing anything in the interior. The village, as she described, where you see growth that is going to attract people to come to a hotel outside of the Youngsville Sports Complex. And the banks also see that, which gives me an occupancy of Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. But their hesitancy is related through Sunday, through Thursday. And they're pushing back on a 70%, 70% occupancy on 12 units. Now, there's a feasibility study that Youngsville paid for that says we can hold 35 units. I mean, I've yet to see, you know, through my time driving around during the week knowing owners of individual businesses, tads, other locations, where there is a lot of traffic in those locations that you see people coming there. So from a hotel perspective, to get people to come here, we have to have things that they are going to want to do there. And I think that's the dialogue. How are we trying to set that up in the future, correct? I'm posing you back to them now. I'd really like to understand, do they want that to be a suburban area? Or do they want it to be a commercially developed space that has people that there's places to go and things to do outside of the Shimon Metery Business Corridor? And that location, more of us closes at 8 p.m. That would be the only thing that a hotel inhabitant could go to outside of getting in their vehicle because it's not a walkable area. I can't have a hotel occupant who can go to the Rouse's area without getting in the vehicle. And I'm really trying to cater to walkability. That's all I got. Well, we appreciate you buying that corner to try to bring some life to it. Thank you so much. Good job, any questions? Not right now, but we may miss Boris. I just wanted to say that, yes, that area to me is residential. There is commercial availability, but that commercial availability to me would be Church Street, Lafayette Street. That's the walkability when we were growing up was to the schools, to our neighbors, to the park. And I understand you're trying to get your customers to be able to go to commercial walkability areas. I think the mayor has done well with trying to do the connectivity from the sports complex to that area to the sports complex. And yes, there's not a lot of commercial directly connected to the sports complex area. I think it's coming that way, hopefully. But no, the area you're talking about first, second, third, fourth, fifth, railroad, Jacques. Yeah, I would consider Jacques residential. Avenue A and B, I consider that residential. The city does. Not necessarily. No, I don't think in everything around here. There is no zoning. In there's a large bill of urban district, and that's where it's all done. The urban district of Lafayette. That's a concept. No, that's part of the lane. Yeah, really, did that? That was part of the floor. In 2013. Mr. Coma. Hey, Jamie Coma. To answer this gentleman's question, I think, like Miss Shannon said, I think Lafayette Street, Church Street originally that was our commercial development. As you can see in his photo he had up there, Mr. Freeman had a little, I think it was a blacksmith shop at the moment. So maybe down that part of first street, that would be your commercial area. The parts that we're talking about, that the residents have expressed concern over building kind of minions is, I think the area that they don't want, commercial development, they don't want the condominiums. My question is, maybe Mr. Lincoln answer this, maybe these gentlemen can't. Why are we have such an interest in building these triplexes, duplexes, the development, it's multiple development. Is it because of cost? Yeah, I think it all goes down to the feasibility of the site. If the only option was to take an existing structure and renovate it to flip, the numbers just don't work. And a lot of it has to do with some of the surrounding area. You can't put a high end home next to a trailer. And just about every site I've purchased, it's next to a trailer. There's nothing to get in trailers. There's a place for them, but I think there's a reason why they're not any new ones allowed to come in. Right. So that's why it makes it difficult. One thing I would like to maybe open a dialogue on would be, I think if the issue is attached homes, and Mr. Gitter would probably know more about it is cottage courts where there's density involved so the numbers can work, so there's the feasibility play. But they're detached, smaller, you know, a Cadian-style homes that would blend in with the area, but they're a little bit closer together, you have common areas where the houses face a common area. But the only way to make that work would be to have the density allowed to make it happen. And it's similar to what I proposed on Foster Park, but it would be maybe potentially subdomitum and have them be single family. Or I know a lot of cottage courts they aren't considered single family. They operate like a multi-family, but they are detached and it could blend in with the area. But as it sits, there's nothing in the code for that. I know Lafayette has it. I know a lot of growing cities do have that kind of structure in the code, but just a thought. Not, I think you bring up a great point. With that, I think that's why also the council was favourable to your development at Foster Park because of the location on a park to have that product in our market. Because at day to day, I do care about compatibility. Just like I wouldn't do a high-end home next to a trailer. So I wouldn't develop unless I can get a big enough area that it becomes either its own little community within. But to answer your question, that's basically what it comes down to. And I think the biggest point of making sure distressed properties continue to get renovated are vacant properties with high grass become cleaned up. It has to be feasible for the developer. Mr. Comod, I would say, look, I bought and built my home in 2015. It's a little over 2,000 square feet. But at the time, it was just me and my wife. It just got married. And we wanted to grow a family in that home. The only reason that I bought that home with that much square footage was simply because of the price point that it was being sold out to be built was just that low. So I jumped on the opportunity. But looking at it today, we decided to grow a family and sort of found me today. I would be moving into one of these just because of the price point. I wouldn't need that much square footage. And there's just nothing out there available. My same home today, even built by DSLD, is 2.5 times the cost. I paid, I think, $2.39 was the base price. And I think that home today is about $4.20, something around there. I mean, it's astronomical. So I think that what they're bringing is a much more feasible option for families to really get in there and then to really enhance the downtown area versus it being a vacant lot. They're creating a space where people who live today that are all here giving us the feedback, those people will be here in 50 years doing the same thing you're doing here today. It may look a little bit different, but we have to start somewhere. The LMA conference that we attend, we've spoken with several mayors, some other areas, there's one in particular, their population decreased. This exact thing happened then, and they were butled against it, and their population decreased, because no one was acceptable to change. They fought at hardcore, and then it just died. The community died, the population went down, and it became very rural. There was nothing enhancing the community, and it just is still fizzling away, at least in my knowledge. But we're here, we want to work with everyone. We want to create a happy medium. And I appreciate you coming and explaining your development. I'm hoping, hopefully, I'm excited that his hotel is fruition in the near future. I think that's going to be a very vibrant area. But as far as I think to relate to your answer a little bit about the commercial, the zoning map does outline it as clear as day, as it was back then. I don't see us putting a coffee shop smack dab in the center of Avenue B. But as far as the outskirts of the wood is designed today, I think that's, it fits exactly as it was designed before my time, as we see it today. So hope that kind of answers a little bit of. Mr. Comrade. In the town, the interest in low density developments like town homes isn't just in this particular neighborhood. I mean, your father's property would already be developed if we allowed what everyone that came before your buyer wanted to do. So it's throughout. I mean, it's not really just unique to this area. What's unique to this area is that I think what we heard Mr. Gidry say is that we have something that other communities don't have. We have the interest in developing it. So we have an opportunity to capture it and to make it into something that we can all be proud of. And let me be clear for Ms. Montgomery, I'm not forced in progress on anybody, ma'am. I'm not the one who's selling any property to develop. I own the same house that I bought. I've owned one house at a time for 20 years that I've been fortunate to live in Young'sville. I'm not selling any property to make money off of it. I'm not selling any property to develop. You know where that comes from? People that have been here for generations that are choosing to sell their property. Every 60 acre track at a time. So that's what's happened. That's why Young'sville is developed. My job is to manage it into control the growth and progress. But I would suspect the same reason you moved here three years ago is the same reason that I may have moved here as well because it's a great place to live. But the moment, and we're all here because we care, but I want you to know we did deliver a notice to every resident of your neighborhood. And I'm counting less than 10 of you that are here. I'm counting not quite as many developers that own property there now. So if I'm going to have a takeaway from this as the guy who has to try to balance this, it's kind of hard to do because frankly, there is no ordinance on the table. Everything that you've seen, I've explained to you the progression of what had been allowed and what's not allowed anymore and how we've tried to raise the bar and raise the standard. Some of it because I've expressed, I see one of our developers in the back, Mr. Bryan. Mr. Bryan knows doing business in Young'sville, you come and you meet with this and believe me. I mean, you could have made more money on your parcel, had you not desired to do what you did. I mean, Mr. Bryan decided to build a acre-lod or half acre-lod neighborhood that's taken five, six years to build out. This gentleman could have flipped it and had it sold three times over to be 60 by 120 starter home lots. But that product was brought here and successful because we've tried our best to manage it, not because I've sold property or because, frankly, my job would be easier if I wasn't managing progress and development. So I just think it would be a missed opportunity to stop. I don't think stopping's the answer. I think it's, how do you manage it? That's why we're here. What can we do to help us? So he was correct. He is right. Who wants to build a high-end home next to a trailer? Who wants to buy a home that is the same type of home that is in the copper fields and the sugar mill ponds next to a trailer? Okay. What can the city do to help us eliminate some of that property? What can the city do to improve the streets, the landscape of the streets? Man, y'all did a great job on Lafayette Street, that did a great job on church street. I know that's a lot of expense. The disadvantage we have in that area is we have what's there unlike a new development that can come in, put new sidewalks, new grass, new sod, new lighting. What, the only way that that's going to happen is if the city takes control of that and does that. Now I realize you've got to get grants, I realize that's a lot of money. But what can the city do to improve that area, to improve the traffic flow, which we know that's kind of also possible? What can you do to improve the infrastructure of that area that would make these guys want to come in, build a single home on a single lot, and have someone come in and make money at it. That's what they're here for. Well, sorry to interrupt your thought, but you could sell your property for cheaper. You know why a lot of stuff's not sold and developed more here because land value is pretty high. Oh, what is it? So, you know, again, this isn't something that I'm controlling. I mean, Mr. Longland, I can't make his numbers work on this project in park because of what he purchased the price set. I'm sure, you know, in part. I mean, I want to go for a track, and have more parking availability, be a larger hotel. So, in the grand sea of things, there was almost a $200,000 property for $1.998. So, what could we do? I think we can continue doing what we're doing, and that is we, as a city, yeah, young souls grow because of private development. And then once the private development is done, the developer donates it to the city, and it becomes a city street. But per square mile, we've spent more on infrastructure in the heart of this community. Then I would venture to say we have in any other part of the city, excluding like Shim and Metter Parkway. Because the streetscape project, the sewer rehabilitation, we have overlaid. We didn't do first the fifth and A and B, but we did church Lafayette, we did Jock Street, we did Bang Street, we did school street. I'm just thinking, so we can keep doing what we're doing because I think what we do, what we do, it sparks interest in private owners to do the same thing. And what else we can do is when there's a dueticated properties, we can go and we can cut the grass and maintain the grass. So, I agree with the property on Forest Street in Avenue B, where the water well used to be. Last month, we declared it a surplus because the city has no use for that property. There was a water well on that property that was abandoned probably five years ago. We have no use for that property, so we declared it a surplus, and it's being returned back into the fair market for free enterprise to take over that lot. We no longer need it. So, there will be some body behind that lot that's gonna come here and ask, what can they do with that lot? And that's why we're here today to say, how can I strengthen that ordinance because it will be potentially a new development in your neighborhood? Mayor, can I? Yes, sir. I try to answer a couple of Jamie's questions. One, he asks about the infill. Why is there interest in infill in that area? And Jamie, from my perspective, look at in, I look at it as it's a cost thing that there's already utilities there. There's already a street there. And for a developer to go out on the edge of Young'sville by property, put in streets, put in sewers, put in water, electricity, everything, it's already there. And so if they're paying a little bit more then for vacant land on the edge of town, it's still a good deal. So I think that's one reason why you're seeing some interest in infill in addition to their improvements, this building and the other improvements that have been done. To counterbalance that though, is that as you saw in the slides, some of that area is really beautiful and some of it is not. So to answer your second question as far as what could the city do? I don't know exactly how, but if there was some type of incentive to encourage the developers to buy the land where mobile homes are, or the lapped data problems, or adjudicated problems, and that becomes legal. I don't know how that could work, but I think that's an area that I hope that we explore. It's Miss Longland, Miss Jackie, right? Yes, yes. Jackie or Jackie and Longland, I live on fourth street across from the police station and it's a nightmare if you don't live there and not know what goes on. Morning afternoon, Monday through Friday with the school traffic. I grew up on fourth street, it was so quiet. It was wonderful. It's turned into a nightmare. The subdivision that has opened up in between the park, I'm sorry, I don't know the name of the subdivision, but the Fairhaven, thank you. Traffic from Fairhaven, that blows my mind, that they can cross through the park with children playing there. Okay, first of all, with children playing there, if something happens, God forbid, I pray nothing happens, but what if? Please think of that, ladies and gentlemen, what if? Okay? The school traffic, the school traffic, Mr. Ritter had a sign put up for me. Plain and simple, I level, don't block drive. They do it anyway, ladies and gentlemen. I put my garbage can there, I look like an idiot, but if I don't, they use, they, the parents will turn, they're coming from middle school. They are in the wrong direction, they have to turn around to face the middle school to pick up their child. They will use my driveway to turn around in and not blink an eye, and sometimes I'm right there watching. And I'll lovingly go ask them, maybe not always lovingly, because it frustrates me, I can't understand why you using my driveway to turn around in. And I lovingly ask them and they roll their eyes and tell me I'm rude. It's illegal to use my driveway, okay? Why can't you get that? They say it should be illegal. But they don't care. I think that's it. They basically don't care. And secondly, I've asked for a speed limit sign. There was one there, Mr. Ritter, there was one there that on fourth in Avenue B, there was one there that was removed. Why was it not put back? I've asked, please put one there so people would know where the speed limit is there. I was told there's one at the end of fourth street, ma'am. That's sufficient. On Highway 89 and four, there's one there, I was told. Today is there one, it doesn't matter. I would like one on Avenue B and fourth. Mr. Ritter, they're starting to pick up speed on fourth street. I'm seeing it. School traffic, right? Well, also the residents, well, do respect also from the residents in Fair Haven, this Grantee Landon, the teachers. I guess my point is there's so much traffic in that area and I find it's unfair to those that live on fourth street, ladies and gentlemen. Will you always have this route for school? Well, unfortunately, not unfortunately, let me say this, Green Tea Landon's been there since the 50s, 60s, 50s, I think, right? That's a whole other dialogue as to why the school was expanded there. You recall there was portable buildings out to the front of the road. So public meetings such as this previously, people were concerned about where were the kids going to go to school, enough portable building so the school was expanded. You know, I'm working with what we can. You know what we can do? What we did do. Foster Park Road, remember, Foster Park Road was, it was being returned to the earth. It was so poorly kept up when the parish did it. Now you can go back there and at least queue cars for going to Green Tea Landon. I don't know that I can never solve that problem with all due respect. I don't, and it, not because I don't want to, not because I don't want to. I don't, I don't, gives me no pleasure when you leave me messages about stuff like that. I don't know how I can solve that because parents want to bring their kids to school and the route to school is in front of your house. But why block my driveway, Mr. Redder? We can't sign our way out of it apparently because I have a sign there. And we had a neighborhood where we had 50 something signs about the speed limit. And we took them down. I mean, it, it, it, we can't sign our way out of stuff when you, you said it, people don't care. So a sign's not going to help unfortunately. But we care, Mr. Redder. I know. All these people here, we all care. And if you care, do what we ask, a, a sample speed sign and also. You think that's going to help just like the, don't block my driveway sign. That's clear as day. And what happens? They block your driveway. Okay. What about a cop? I've asked for a policeman. And my words are twisted. Ma'am, we can't have a cop there all the time. I didn't ask for a cop all the time. If the parents will see there's a cop there a few times. And it's clear what you do and what you don't. A cop there to let the parents see, do not block the driveway. It'll get around. You don't block the driveway. I'm really quickly saying, Mr. Redder, when I'm trying to leave my driveway, how do I back up safely with all the traffic and the oncoming traffic? How do I back up my driveway to see that there's oncoming traffic? You follow me? Do you see what I'm saying? Because I do, because I live there. And you know what else? I don't leave. I don't run errands from 8 to 830 in the morning and from 2.30 to about. I don't think we're going to have a 3.30 to 10 up to 4. Right now. But thank you for the feedback. I do appreciate it. What I will do differently, I'm going to have a conversation with the principal at the school because she cares a lot. And I think that she can get that message out to the car riders. I think that that's a takeaway that I can do for you. OK. Thank you, ma'am. I'm just going to say, yes, please. Yes, go ahead. I just want to say one thing. I'm jotting down all of the concerns from every once in a night, no matter whether they come from 8 to Z. I just want to make it clear again that the reason tonight's forum is on what you do and don't want to see built in the downtown historical district. So if that is a convey tonight, we are leaving here with literally nothing, nothing more than what we came here with. And I want to make sure that I'm conveying that as loud as we possibly can't and I'll crystal clear, if it is not conveyed from you who live downtown, that's what I'm asking we want to know. Developers are in this room that are developing things that are well beyond their means, taking on financial loans and putting themselves at hardships to be able to let the city grow. So if you can't tell us what you do and don't want, then we're not really getting anywhere tonight at all. All these concerns are valid and I want to make sure we address them each and every one, but I want to want to know. So thank you. Miss Penny, right? Yes, it's Penny. I live at 105 Avenue. We all know that there's a traffic problem. I have a horrible time with traffic. The issue that I'm having is why are we putting more houses to invite more traffic in a already congested area? It's an issue. And you said something earlier about, would you want to house with five cars or condo with two? I have 11 condos coming up behind my house that's 22 cars. I have a hotel coming up in front of me with 35 rooms. I can't back out of my driveway already. I don't know what I'm what I'm supposed to do and I'm getting calls. We're getting phone calls now. We'd like to buy your property at 105 Avenue B. My husband's getting text messages now. Family has five offers for property. My mom's house. They want my mom's house across the street. We would like to buy your house at 204. I'd be area. Everybody wants to buy, buy, buy and build, but no, the traffic needs to be addressed. And I realize that it's not going to be solved in a day. What time are these traffic instances have? I'm just asking for my own knowledge because my son goes to Green Tea. So I do the whole listen. I'm new to Green Tea this year. I do the whole pickup drop off. It's a nightmare. Parents are ruthless. They cut people off. It's a screaming show in there. But what I mean, I realize that again, the question is going to come up. This is school traffic. I realize that I have a south side behind me. We've got Green Tea down the street. Arca down the road. Everybody passes through downtown Youngsville to get where they have to go. There are alternate routes, but are. What creatures they have, they're going to be. They're going to pass through. No, understand. There's traffic backed up. One of the things that people talk about is, they're going to four lane Lafayette Street. OK, or three lane and or they're expanding. Youngsville, how are you standing? The Lafayette Street will be the same. OK. Yeah. So really, all that traffic is still. There's nothing that we can do. Now, we had right on the side, which would be the first street on the side of my house. Now that they're building back there, there's more vehicles coming back there. Well, they come in and they can't turn around because the road is too narrow. So they just park. They go back there, do their work. Next day, there's water all over the street because they parked their vehicle on the road. And the road can't handle the weight. It's breaking the water lines. I've called on three separate occasions since they started working on those condos. Our roads aren't meant for all of this. And my question is, what are we going to do about all that? I mean, as far as the roads, we can definitely put that into our master plan for roads and infrastructure. But as far as the traffic, I mean, I don't want to, I don't want to cessation laws or be over dramatic about it. But I travel these roads daily. I put a fire truck that's still with these roads on them seven days a week. Traffic is going to be a problem for the end of time. The world will continue to evolve as far as the downtown area. I mean, it would be no different than what we did, I believe, with a drainage where we had annexation through appropriation. I mean, we could make it a traffic crisis. And then we would just start annexing people's property to make roads. But I don't feel like that's right. No, it's not. Right. So I just, I guess you said traffic. I mean, I guess I don't, I don't see like the LA freeway coming through youngs as well. I do see how it's a, it is. There's car line goes through all of the intersection of town. I know. I'll wait 40 minutes to get out of Sugar Ridge every morning because the traffic backs from the roundabout all the way to Vermillion Parish. Yes. I'm all aware. Yes. And the traffic and then the cars over there, they, they just park on the road. I have families waving me down because I can't get to the child who can't breathe because the cars are blocking the road. There are things that are just beyond our control. I can only do so much. Our police department can only do so much with what we have available. So I guess. But why invite more traffic? We're not, I'm not, look, I don't have a, I don't have a, I don't have a poster of the road going, come build here. No, I know. I understand that. We're not, we're not doing that. But as far as the developers, it gets to a point where a constant arrive where I'm saying, you can and can't do with your money. What if next month you're like, I'm going to build there? Then I have to dictate to you. It's like it gets to a point where we are, we're governed within ourselves, within, you know, civic and constitutional rights. Where can we, what are our boundaries? I don't, none of us want to over manage anything. Miss Penny, I do, I do think that relative to the development at the end of your street, they're at the tail end of it. So I think, I think it's going to get a little bit better there now because there's a lot of been a lot of contractors. So I think it's, I'm not against progress. I just want everybody to understand that. And I'm also not against affordable housing. Okay, I think we, you know, we've got a lot of development all over Youngsville. I just, I, we have a lot of property in Youngsville and it's like, I think that they could put all of these condos a little further back. And maybe there's another solution for downtown because we have too much congestion as it is. You know, that's, that's how I feel. Let's see if there was something else. Miss Penny. And I know they were talking about walking to work. They were talking about walking around. I told my family that the day I don't, I work close by to my house. And I said, you know what, I think I might walk to work. They're like, don't you dare. We're not going to bury you because traffic is that bad. I would have to cross two roundabouts to get where I got to go. Okay. So walking, you know, we used to be able to do that when we were younger. We can't do that anymore. It's, it's, we can't. And the developer also asked, what do you want to see happen? I'd like to be able to back out of my driveway or pull into my driveway without getting horned at somebody and an SUV thinking that they have to be wherever it is in two seconds. That's what I want. Sorry. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. One thing I just wanted to share with you that may be beneficial for you. Regardless of how young so highway widens, you're correct. It does taper down. Yes. I've been a very, very careful coach curves through one project that I do believe will have benefit for you is that South of the Riviera is going to be widened, raise wide and completely rebuilt from highway 92 from the flashing red light to Shimon Metry. So I envision more people coming down, young so highway, then going down 92 and then taking La Riviera, if you're going to Shimon Metry or South of Shimon Metry as an opportunity to bypass. You know, the. Yes. The heart of the city. The Riviera. I mean, you've all been here a long time. I mean, the Riviera, you know there's areas that go underwater historically. Yes. Well, all that's going to be fixed and we will have a pretty solid north south artery as an opportunity to dilute some of the traffic because I understand what you're saying. Yes. Thank you very much. Thank you. That's right. Okay. Okay. Ray Alberado. 114 Parkwood, which is a blockoff of church. Old town. First thing I'd like to say is a thank you to this group for having this meeting and opening dialogue. Second thing I'd like to say is this man right here is a goal mind. Don't let him go. Okay. I've heard a few comments from the group. You know, we got to go and we got to fight town hall again. What is not a positive thought with this group now and what the intention I think this meeting was for? I personally think that as an old town community, we currently have a way of life that we have enjoyed for a hundred plus years. Migrate grandparents built their home in 1904. 1894. I forget. Whatever. A hundred plus years. It's right on church street. We've been here a whole long time. We're used to things happening as they've always been. But right now there is interest. There are a lot of people wanting to come in. And what this allows is it allows you guys to help us protect the history and what we have here. And I think that was the intention of the meeting. Yes, ma'am. I think that's a wonderful positive thing. I hope a lot of things come from it. I think what you are hearing as a takeaway is we don't want more high density. We don't want lots with multifamilies. We don't want you subdividing things into two by two parcels. Take a lot. Put a nice house on it. Doesn't have to be a high-end, super-exorbitant price, something you'd buy somewhere else. But it's a nice home and a single family can live in it. And that will improve our community. And that's what we want here. Not more traffic. Not more people. Not more density. All of the other things that were said as far as keeping things neat, keeping things clean, wanting people to move into the area because it looks like a wholesome environment, we all support that. We all want that. What we, I think, don't necessarily miss the long one, and his hotel. I was here the night he made that final presentation. I thought that was a lovely idea. He was looking to build something that fit in the community as visually and that it was going to supply a need that we have that we have no resource for. But tonight when he came up here and he said, Morvon's closes at 8 o'clock. Why would somebody want to stay the night in Young'sville? No one in the old town wants bars rocking and rolling to a clock in the morning. It's residential. Those of us who have homes here, walkability on church street, commerce on church street, Lafayette street, that's great. In the community, in the neighborhood, no neighborhood you go to is going to have a coffee shop next to someone's home. They don't have coffee shops on the next block out of Chigamil Pond. They don't have hamburger joints in Fairfield or whatever other neighborhoods. That's not what it is. An old town is that for us who have been here forever. We'd like to ask you guys to help us protect that, to not have a used car line. We don't mind coffee shops. We don't want a nightclub banging speakers to a clock in the morning. But hold some community neighborhood business.