 Why is that down? It was like, we got a presentation tonight? All right, good evening everyone. Welcome to Youngsville City Hall. We're happy to see all of you here this evening. Today is Thursday, May 11th, and this is the regular monthly meeting of the Youngsville City Council. For our invocation this evening, I'd like to welcome to the podium Pastor John Cannon from Asbury United Methodist Church. And I'd ask you to remain standing as our pledge this evening will be led by Councilmember Logan Linu. Let us pray. God of grace and love, we give you thanks for this life and all its blessings. For community and neighbors, for friends and family, for opportunities to bring goodness to the people around us, and for the privilege of serving those to whom we are responsible. We pray for our elected and appointed leaders and all who serve in civic life. For wisdom and the fulfillment of their duties, for a sense of meaning and purpose and their work, for fairness and equity and their decisions, and for integrity and the services of the public interest. May their work here this evening impact this community in positive ways, bringing prosperity and safety to all those who call Youngsville their home. May their service bring to all people blessings of hope, peace and loving kindness. We pray this in the name of the God who is love, God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit. Amen. All right, we'll get evening welcome again, and it's my privilege to welcome to the day is for the first time Councilmember Linu, welcome sir. All right, agenda, yes sir. Pardon the interruption. Okay, I'm going to have to make a motion to expand the agenda, adding prior to item 5.3 regarding the Youngsville Police Department budget pertaining to the police chief's $1,000 car allowance stipend. Okay, there's a motion to expand the agenda. This is prior to I guess agenda 5.3 just for our possible, so we'll make 5.2 a additions to the agenda need to be a unanimous vote of the Council motion by Romero second by Stan's very let's call the role division B Mr. Volgiana. Yes, the vision C Mr. Romero. Yes, division D Mr. Stan's very yes division E. Mishampon. Yes, and division A Mr. Linu. Yes. Okay, we'll add agenda item 5.2 a thank you. All right, yes sir. All right agenda item 2.1 has been removed from the agenda at the request of the Katie and a Renaissance charter academy. Unfortunately, while we're all excited to see the renderings for their new facility, they asked us to pull that off the agenda this evening. They're still working through some final details with it and look forward to sharing that with the public at a future council meeting and I'll be like. I know you'll be as excited as I will to to share that as soon as it becomes available. So with that said, we'll go ahead and move on to agenda item 2.2 and we have a guest here this evening Mr. Walter Campbell and he's here to announce his candidacy for Lafayette parish successor. Good to see you Walter. Welcome welcome back to you. Thank you Mr. Mayor and thank you Council. What a gorgeous place y'all have here. Thank you. I was saying it was the nicest parish council building in the whole parish. It's wonderful. So good for you guys. I'm proud of it. Folks, my name is Walter Campbell and I'd like to be your next Lafayette parish successor. If you'd like to learn more about me, you can certainly do that on my website, Campbell, or Cesar. You guys mind if I turn my back to you? Whatever you're more comfortable. Thank you. Yeah, I just probably want to make sure the microphones picking you up in case someone's streaming, which we think there aren't. Thank you. So I'll dispense with a little bit about me and my family, but because I love telling that story, but I've been in real estate for almost 25 years and I've served our community in numerous civic and appointed positions in Lafayette parish. I've served with the Lafayette Habitat for Humanity for 17 years. I've served with the Boy Scouts. I've served with Kiwanis of Acadiana. And I've served I currently serve with the Salvation Army here in Lafayette. And I've also been the president of our Board of Rilters here. I've been involved statewide in the Louisiana Rilters Board. I've been after our current assessor, Mr. Como, about 15 years now about my interest in this role. So this is not like something that just popped into my head. And for the record for anybody who's interested, I have been a registered Republican since I turned 18. And this is not a stepping stone opportunity for me. I want to be elected. I want to remain in office for as long as you'll have me. So I do not seek an executive level or legislative level part of government. I cringe at the thought of that. But I can tell you that I'll give you my, you know, 25 years of real estate experience, along with my desire to help my community in Lafayette parish, meld that together to be the best assessor that I can be for you all. In addition, for those who are interested, I'm a veteran of the U.S. Air Force and of the Louisiana International Guard. And there are a couple of things. Do you have a timer on me? Because I have just a few more minutes. Thank you. Some things I want to tackle once elected. Number one, technology. As a realtor, there are title attorneys, abstractors, appraisers. You name it. There are numerous people that use the tax assessor's websites all the time. And number one, it's filled with errors. I'll tell you this. The data that the government has, it's our data. It's our data. It's public data. And so I want to make it available to everybody. And there's some, some number one errors. Number two, it's the websites are not the assessor for Lafayette parish's website is not cellular, adaptable. So you have to be on a computer to use it really. So I want to change that. I want to improve that. And if you've heard our parish president talk about our surplus budget, I've already promised him I'm going to knock on the door and ask for somebody to improve the assessor's website. The technology in the department. Secondly, and as a realtor, this is a big deal to me because I have a lot of clients that are seniors and I have a lot of clients that are military, ex-military and veterans. In Louisiana, we are, there's a senior freeze and a lot of people don't know it, but the average household income in Louisiana is $56,000. So there are lots of seniors that do not even know about the senior assessment freeze when you turn 65 if you're adjusted household income is $100,000 or less, you're eligible to freeze your property tax assessment value. The taxes we pay will go up and down as we as voters vote on our tax milleges, but the, the balance the assessed value of the home will remain the same. That means a lot to me. And as a veteran, and if you voted in the last, the last state constitutional amendments, we voted to give veterans additional benefits. If you are 100% disabled by the Department of Defense, you're eligible for 100% of Bateman on your property taxes. I'm a veteran, I serve a lot of veterans, that's a big deal. If you are 50% disabled by the VA, you're eligible for 50% tax payment. These are big deals because I was a non-combat, so non-combat veteran. But a lot of my friends went across to other nations and served our country, fought some of them died. And they come back, those that live, they come back different people than they were. So this to me is a gift for their service. And I thank God every day I went to combat veteran, they came back different than I went in. Thirdly, there is a problem in its home state exemption fraud. And it was brought to my attention by a fellow realtor, and he said one of his clients was taking home state exemptions in four different parishes. And I said, how can that be? So I called Conrad Como, our current assessor, and I said, is that true? He said, yes, it's true. I said, how can, how's that possible? He said, because the 64 parishes assessors don't talk to each other. And so I presented at another meeting, and one of the people said, that's crazy, there's no homes to exemption fraud. So I did my due diligence, and I called Jimbo Pedagion over in a Katie parish. And Jimbo said, Walter, it happened just today. I was like, tell me more. He said, got a homeowner in rain, taking a home state exemption. They also own a home in North Carolina, taking a home state exemption. Folks, we can only have one primary residence, and that's the one, if there is a home state exemption, that's the one that you get the home state exemption on. So what I'm seeing there is an opportunity to recover, because that is going on. There is a software, a Katie a parishes using it, laugh at a person's about to start using it, where it talks to the other 63 parishes, and it finds people. Now how Jimbo found that one out of state? I don't know. I'm going to figure that out though. I'm going to work with him to help me know how to do that. But I want to try to stop that. Some of that is not fraudulent. Some is where mom and dad passed away. They had a freeze on their home. The kids acquired the property. They rented out for 10 years. They're just paying the taxes on it. They don't know that there was a freeze. And obviously the session does another mom and dad passed away. So I'm going to do some work to try to solve that because I want to bring some more revenue in from that direction. And then the fourth thing is consolidation of some services. I've spoken with my friend, Lewis Perret, our clerk of court. And I intend to speak to the sheriff as well, because I see an opportunity to save us as taxpayers some money. In a Katie a parish, all through those departments are on the same database. In Lafayette parish, we have four databases requiring four data base managers, all of the infrastructure infrastructure to support that. And I talked to Lewis. I said, why do we need four databases? Number one is our data number two. I don't need to see as the assessor the sheriff's information. Like if you committed a crime, got a DUI, whatever. I don't need to know that. But it's the same data. It's your name, your address, your age, the date of the date, all that information. But it's duplicated in four different systems. So I'm looking for opportunities to save us taxpayers money. So I've already talked to Lewis about that. And he's game for it. So I'm going to talk to the sheriff see if he is to. But in any case, that's kind of the direction that I'm interested in going. So I would love your support. And most importantly, I would love your vote. The election is five months and three days away. Yes, I'm keeping count. And if anybody would like to talk to me, I'm going to hang out here. But if anybody would like to talk about what an assessor does. Anything about the process that I might already know, I'd be happy to help you. And just please keep in mind, I appreciate very much. Thank you. And thank you. Absolutely. Well, thank you. And best of luck to you. Thank you, Mr. Campbell. The election is October 14th. All right. We're perfect. Best of luck to you. All right, council agenda item 3.2 approval of the minutes for the meeting April 13th, 2023. All right, emotion by Mr. Volgiana. Second, Mr. Stansberry. Is there any public comment? Any council comment? All right, if there's no public comment, we'll call the role division A. Mr. Linu. Yes. Division B. Mr. Volgiana. Yes. Division C. Mr. Romero. Yes. Division D. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Division E. Miss Shumpan. Yes. All right. Thank you. Motion passes. The agenda item 3.2 is approval of the special meeting minutes April 20th, 2023. Move to approve. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Second. Second by Mr. Shumpan. Thank you, ma'am. Any public comment? Any council discussion? All right. Call the role. Division C. Mr. Romero. Yes. Division D. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Division E. Miss Shumpan. Yes. Division A. Mr. Linu. Yes. Division B. Mr. Volgiana. Yes. All right. Thank you, motion passes. The agenda item 4.1. It's approval of the March 2023 finance report. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you. Motion by Mr. Stansberry. Second. Second by Mr. Volgiana. Any council comment? Any public feedback? Yes. Council on your desk is the report from finance. Near the end of the fiscal year, 10 months soon. One cent sales tax is now 6.74% ahead of the previous fiscal year. You recall we budgeted 6%. So from an accuracy standpoint, I think we're getting pretty close. Of course, I'd love to see double digits. But we'll take it. I think we're getting a little bit more to the point. There was a motion. A second. There was no comment. Let's see. I'm so used to saying call call the role. I guess I'm telling myself division D. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. All right. Division E. Miss Shumpan. Yes. Division A. Mr. Linu. Yes. Division B. Mr. Volgiana. Yes. So five point one. There's an opening on the recreation advisory board. Due to the resignation of Mr. Linu. So and it's actually. So this will be his appointment for to represent division A on the recreation advisory board. So. So what's your pleasure? My recommendation is Mr. Cody Dutiel. All right. A motion from Mr. Cody Dutiel. From Mr. Linu. And then we have a second by Mr. Romero. Is there any public comment prior to the vote to appoint Mr. Cody? All right. Any council discussion? All right. Hearing none. We'll go for the vote. Division E. Miss Shumpan. All right. Division D. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. All right. Division C. Mr. Romero. Yes. Division B. Mr. Volgiana. Yes. And division A. Mr. Linu. Yes. All right. Thank you. Tim. You got a new member of your record board. Is he? All right. Well, perfect. Well, welcome. Thank you for volunteering, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Great. Good to have you. Great. Welcome. Thanks for being here this evening. I know. Father Rusa couldn't make it, but we're happy you're here. Thank you, Mayor. And thank you, Councillor. I'm Dickon. Ed Bouchanty with St. Ann's Catholic Church. I'm here on behalf of Father Rusa who had a prior engagement with our first communion students tonight. So, but I'm here on behalf of the parish. We are requesting a temporary variance, sign variants. As you all know, I'm sure we have a major construction project planned for our parish. Well, I think we're going to be using this machine. We're going to be using this machine to make the first commission. And then we'll be using this machine. I'm going to be using it. And then I'll be using this machine. I'm going to be using this machine. I'm going to be using this machine. I'm going to be using this machine. And then we'll be using this machine. I'm going to actually be breaking ground very soon. And we have for many months now, had a major capital campaign underway to raise funds for that project. And as we are in the final stages of getting very close to our goal, our total goal for the campaign, really the final step in that process is hopefully to be able to put up a large somewhat of an advertising board sign where local businesses can purchase a spot and display their business names and company logos. If you've ever been at golf tournaments or things like that, oftentimes these sorts of signs are utilized. What we're asking the variance for is actually going to be two signs. And I believe you might have some information there and I brought some additional information I can share with you if you'd like. But we actually have two signs planned. It will be constructed on the corner of First Street and Church on that T intersection. They'll kind of be angled so they do not obstruct any view of traffic flow. But each sign will actually be, I think in the information you have, it says 10 by 40, but the signs will actually be 12 feet high by 40 feet long. Each one, the additional two feet is for a header at the top. There will be promoting the capital campaign. And then each sign will have 50 slots that can be purchased by local businesses, or a total of 100 slots total. And that's what we are asking for the variance for. Welcome any questions that any of you might have. Any council comments or questions for Deacon? Ken Ed, thank you. We look forward to the church and the remodel and everything. I mean, we love in this project. Were there any other ideas thrown out as far as fundraising ideas? Oh, we've had a lot of them. We've done a lot of different things. I guess I said, this is really, to give you an idea, and we don't mind sharing the information, because we just got the final numbers in. The total project cost is going to be right about $17 million. Our capital campaign so far has raised just under $8 million. And we project that this project, if we're allowed to do so, would raise about another $250,000, $230,000 to $250,000, which would push us over our $8 million goal. So we've had all sorts of, from very small projects, we've had the fund run for Father's birthday, 60th birthday. We've had a number of different things. My question is how robust or permanent, like structurally, will this sign be? We have a professional contractor that has drawn up the plans. I don't have those with me, but my understanding that the polls are going to be 4 feet in the ground. And it's going to be very, very stable, because we have to consider wind and all those sorts of things. Absolutely. You're going to be there for two hurricanes, seasons at least. Exactly. So we want to make sure that it's very well constructed. Has there been any discussion? I know Count Lundstand's very mentioned about fundraising ideas, but different sizing of the sign, because what you're coming to us for is almost eight times the normal, allowed size. And now I'm hearing it's actually 80 feet bigger than what we were told with the extra two feet on top. I mean, that's almost 500 square feet per sign. We've looked at different options, and numbers certainly open to other options, but because of, we want to place it on the front edge of the roads, and fairness to the businesses. And we also, one of the things, we looked at placing smaller signs at different locations. Part of the discussion why we were opposed to that is because we want to be fair to the businesses. Some locations obviously have better viewing and more traffic. So to be fair, that's why we thought two signs located right next to each other, but angled on that corner would be most fair to the businesses. We had a couple of other options where we could place some smaller signs. There are tree obstructions, not quite the same view opportunities from traffic. So that's why we kind of settle on this space. Any other questions in the council? Yeah, I got one more. So we know a lot about big construction projects here, and we know that they usually last a year and a million dollars more than we anticipate. So you're asking for 18 months, what happens if you're not done in 18 months? Well, I think actually initially, we said, I think we wanted to request 18 to 24, no longer than 24. The way we actually thought about doing this is because the spaces will be purchased over time. We know that we're not gonna fill up one sign all at one time. So the plan is to construct one, and then when that one fills up, we'll construct a second and fill that one up. But whatever the council decides as far as the timeframe, we will abide to. So if you say 18 months, then the information that we distribute to the businesses, we'll tell them 18 months, and then when that time spans, we'll take the signs down. So Deacon Bustani, so just one sign initially, until you've got you. Okay. Deacon, personally, I hadn't had a chance to talk to Father Rousseau, I did see him at National Day Prayer. I think which are doing, and the quickness of where y'all've gotten to, y'all've flown out the gate, and I know whether it's big bins says, or parishioners or whatnot, but I think it's an asset which are doing with everything we've done. Personally, though, I would rather move this to another month, or whenever, talk to Father Rousseau, maybe come up with a different game plan, just because of the monasticity of what these signs will be. I have no problem with something being there myself. I don't know about the other four, but I would personally like to see it definitely downsides drastically. Before we made a variance of such magnitude. Okay. Yeah, we can, I feel the same way. I think we want to do something. I think we need a little bit more discussion, and maybe work with y'all on maybe the sizing of it. I mean, 80 feet right there is quite large. So we're not saying no at this point, but we're going to, I'd like to make a motion to table this in kind of a, I'd like to make a motion to prove actually. Okay. Okay. All right. Which I guess we can entertain if there's a second on the approval at this time. All right. I'm not hearing any seconds to approve at this time. So Councilman Stansbury, we can go back to your motion if you'd like to consider that for table. Make a motion to table it till next meeting. All right. So of a motion by Mr. Stansbury, is there a second on that motion? All right. A second by Mr. Champagne. Let me get the paperwork straight. I'm too comfortable watching from her vacation. So. All right. Thank you very much. All right. I'm so. The motions to table are not debatable with comments. So while call for the vote, division eight, Mr. Linu. Yes. Division B, Mr. Volgiana. No. Division C, Mr. Romero. Yes. Division D, Stansbury. Yes. And division E, Mr. Champagne. Yes. OK. Thank you. So, Deegan, I think I can speak for all of us. We are so, I think we can all agree. We're so excited about the project. It's certainly going to be transformational. We are so proud to have that project here on a similar anchor of this intersection as we are. And I think what I'm hearing is that they would like to work on something that can help achieve your goals, but still be within the spirit of the sign ordinance. In fairness, we have made some modifications, including our own project sign here. And I think that that may be met with some favoritism. So I don't mind meeting as part of it as well. I'm sure I can get a member to the council. Absolutely. If you want to follow yourself. I'll absolutely continue the conversation. We understand. Thank you. Thank you, Deegan. OK, at this time we'll go on to the added agenda item, which is 5.2a. And that was relative to the chief Woodrow's automobile allowance. Well, I made the motion forward to expand it. But if possible, we could discuss a little bit. First, Mayor. That's OK. Yes, please. So chief, obviously, April 20th was the first notification of the additional car expenses and fuel expenses that go on top of the approved $1,000 car allowance. You're notified by the mayor, also via email. And our city attorney was copied on it. Roughly, I think I was the last one to know, which was about Wednesday, April 26th, six days later, the following Wednesday. And since then, we have not had a council meeting. You want to discuss? Because yeah, please do. Yeah. I'm looking for this thing. List? Well, I mean, we have on record from September of 2016. Two of us, my councilman stands very myself. We're on the council at the time. Mayor was still in office. Miss Champagne was actually the CAO. I think a councilman, Volgiana, was in the attendance at night, discussion via audio that we've heard. And the minutes state that you were on the agenda, asking for the $1,000 stipend for your car allowance so that you could use your own vehicle. And the city attorney at the time, George Knox, clarified, and you agreed after councilman stands very confirmed that you would only want the $1,000 stipend. That correct? Correct. I'm going to take that time. Right now, we have roughly about $18,000 that we're seeing since then. And that's just a snippet of what has been pulled by the mayor's office to us. OK. I don't want anybody else. I don't want anybody else. Anybody else? I think he's going to make a cut. No, no. I don't want anybody else to do that. I don't want anybody else to do that. Anybody else? Anybody else? Anybody else? I guess I summarized it good enough. Yeah. Yes, I did agree to that at that time. That was before I started getting appointed to numerous state task force that required me to be in Baton Rouge anywhere from three to five days a month. I also do extra patrols for the evening, for holidays, and even weekends. The there was a discussion with the administration and not long after the original agreement and it was done properly. The fuel receipts are turned in every month. They are approved. They go through a procedure of accounting and getting approved. And they have been approved each and every month and you, the council, have even voted on them each and every month. The auditors come in once a year. I think sometimes I see this might be twice or they do a mid-year one. And they, the auditors have found nothing wrong with what I was doing. The $1,000 a month covers some of the expenses, but not all. And after doing it and then getting talking with the administration, they understood. They said to start doing it and it was done. And it was, there was never a question raised before. There was never a comment made before until now. We started off with allegedly allegations that this all blew up over going to car crash and now we're going into this. So I'm assuming that I've never been told what any of the allegations are. I've never been informed of any of that. And now this is coming up. After we had all agreed that there was no action is going to be taken until the judge rendered a decision on the same bottle. That's incorrect, chief. There was no agreement made other than Monday morning with your council on how we would proceed and your council agreed with the procedure. So that's a misrepresentation. I'm not sure if Mr. McGee told you something differently, but we sat with Judge Erls. We infatically put down a scheduling order and we agreed that we would pick our investigator tonight. And we would withhold commencing the investigation until such time as Judge Erls ruled on your suit. Okay. And if you need an allegation, you got one now. Okay. Chief, at that meeting in September of 2016, former City Attorney George Knox had clarified that whole statement about the $1,000. And verbatim in here it says that the chief can have the car allowance, but the chief cannot pay for any expenses on the vehicle. Do you recall, I mean, I've been here ever since. I don't recall something else coming in front of the council where we set the budget that we said, okay, we're going to allow X amount for gas. Do you recall? I'll recall the discussion. I don't remember it word for verbatim, but that was before I started getting assigned to all these task force where I proudly represented this city and done a good representation because I am still on those task force. The extra patrols, we all know in the 2016 flood could not use the police vehicle I had at that time because the water was so high, I used my personal Jeep the whole time and that's how it came about. It did use in my Jeep for there. Some of y'all wrote in the Jeep with and agreed, it went through the water pretty well where a unit would have flooded out. So it was done properly as far as all the procedure come for the council, I was not aware I had to come before the council. When it was agreed with by the administration, it ran through all the proper channels. I've never had the accounting firm that does our audits ever raise the question to it and they're aware of it. So. Chief, I'll be the first to say I'm new here, obviously. But I'm just as furious as you are that the city's missed it, the accounting firm has missed it, there has been a misstep on R&2. I'm not going to deny that. But ultimately this was 79 months ago and you've been paid $79,000 for your vehicle to maintain it. And yet what we found so far is another $18,000. And I'm just, I'm just trying to figure it out. That's all I'm trying to do, Chief. I'm trying to figure it out too. I think it had it been a problem. I thought it would have raised its head earlier. Well, so we just made, we were just made aware of it. Yeah. But you'll approve the findings before it's ever about the God knows. But hold on, we've had disagreements about the finance report. But it's not, we don't do line item. You know that. We do a full, it's a bulk deal. And also at the same time, all of the fuel and car expenses are bulked into one item. In the budget, your car allowance is broken off as a separate line item, just like the mayors is. But you stated that the administration said it was okay. Do you have that in writing? Do you have something because I'm not paying? No, but hold on. The administration does not have the right to approve any financial stuff for any department before it comes back to the council. Especially when something was approved upon, at a meeting by council unanimously. And we recognize what happened during the flood. And that's why we, this was after this. And that's why we did it. And that's why we decided on a high amount to cover not only a vehicle payment, but also insurance plus the gas plus that was why it was so high. I would say maybe we should allow, we're doing the debt territory judgment. We can amend and put that in there and have it do a judgment on that also. Okay. Well, you want to. Well, I mean, I think this is within our purview. I mean, this is a budget item. This was a wish, a vote that we took as a council stating that X, you got X and you took Y and Z. And we didn't say take Y and Z. I mean, is that there was a not to take. Not to take right. Like I said, had I known it would have been a problem. I would have figured it would have popped up earlier. I would have addressed it then, but to come back after all these years, if it be in approved, have it going run through everywhere. Maybe we all learn from this and they come up with a better procedure. Chief, the only person who approved it was you as the head of your department when you signed off on every budget. It wasallahi, payable. It was sent to accounting to process. That's it. Like Councillor Sanzari said at the end of the budget year, just like we're about to do next month, we approve an amended budget, a dollar, a bulk dollar amount for every department as a whole. We don't break off each department, right? And, and, and pur that 2016, it was very specific on what could be done and what could. So, we're going to say less than what we're going to say 14 days ago or maybe 20 days ago. So, we would have, I never knew about this. Nobody else on the council said they knew about it. And I didn't know I'd done anything against the room. Any other council comment? Mayor, if you can, I'll entertain a motion to allow our, allow Burton and Coder, our financial audit team, to audit the YPD Chief's car expenses from September of 2016. In addition to that, we'd like to temporarily suspend the $1,000 car stipend till the investigation's over. Okay, can we mask this? Just a clear flying question. We will have an audit, routinely our fiscal year ends June 30th. So, we will have an audit that'll be conducted the second half of this year that's due to the legislative auditors office before the end of the year. So, depending upon your action this evening, what is your, I mean, are you requesting that there, that this be a component of our normal audit, or are you seeking something before that time? I would suggest special. Special. Yeah. Prior to that. Different, Tom, allow. So that we can, we can determine the $1. Yes, ma'am. Okay, so then my clarification is fine. So, motion, I'm Mr. Romero. Is there a second? Can I clarify something? So, I mean, we're close to the end of the budget year. I mean, when do you think they're going to be starting? I mean, are we gaining what, two weeks, a week? Well, at the end of the fiscal year? Right. What would we gain if we wanted them to look at this as soon as they could? I mean, we haven't reached out to them. We don't know their schedule, but. I know that's probably not when we were scheduled. We can have that conversation or report back to you. Mr. Barr. Okay. If you'd like to maybe, I'll. Based upon your action this evening, I will assume it to be as soon as possible. Right. I mean, I mean, if that, if that lens itself to be before the end of the, you know, before our regular audit, then I will keep you, I'll report back to you. Okay. Okay. So, there's a motion by Mayor Putt and Romero. Is there a second? No second. All right. A second by Mr. Stansbury. Is there any council discussion? Any additional council discussion? I will open it for any public discussion at this time, any public discussion relative to this vote. All right. If there's no public discussion, then we'll go ahead and proceed with the vote. Division E. Mitch Shampon. Yes. All right. Division D. Mr. Stansbury. Yes. Division C. Mr. Romero. Division B. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Division A. Mr. Linu. Yes. All right. All right. Agenda item 5.3. Executive session to discuss the petition for a Declatory Judgment and Injunctive Relief for Chief Woodrow and his official capacity as Young's will. City Chief of Police versus the City of Young's will through the Young's will City Council pursuing to Louisiana 4217, A2 and 4. If you're entertaining a motion for us to go in or for you for whoever to go into executive session, I would please state who you're wishing to go into the executive session. Mayor, motion to enter to executive session for the council yourself and our city attorney Wade. Councilman, I'd also like to ask Mr. Fred Price has arrived. And I'd like to bring Mr. Price into the executive session with his associate as well. I'll amend my motion to add Mr. Fred Price and who's the associate's name? Phil G. Orlando. Phil G. Orlando. Okay. There's a motion by Mr. Romero to enter in executive sessions. There's second on that motion. Second. Second. Second. Any council discussion? Any public discussion prior to the vote? Okay. There's no public discussion. Division B. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Division C. Mr. Romero. Yes. Division A. Mr. Lenny. Yes. Division E. Mr. Champagne. Yes. In division D. Mr. Stansbury. Yes. All right. The meeting is temporarily adjourned for the executive session or resume as soon as the council is finished. I will resume the regular session. You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You I Say I Say Yes And Division E miss jump on Yes Thank you, counsel, next on the agenda is Item 6 .1, which is a resolution number 2020309. A resolution authorizing the city attorney to obtain a law firm for an independent investigation of the Mayor, I'd like to make a motion to adopt resolution 2023-09. Hire in Mr. Fred Price's firm, Brazil, Sachin Wilson, and also amending the budget for $10,000 for this budget year. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Stanzweres. They're second on this motion. Sorry, come. We're going to second by Mr. Romero. Any council comments? Okay. Is there any public comment related to this resolution? Okay. If there's no public comment, I'll call the vote. Division B, Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Division C, Mr. Romero. Yes. Division E, Mr. Champagne. Yes. Division A, Mr. Lanny. Yes. In division D, Mr. Stanzwery. Yes. All right. The motion is approved. I'm sorry. Do you want to make any comment related to this? Yes. For the purposes of coming out of the executive session to give the members the audience here are brief synopsis. Since our last meeting, as most of you know, the mayor has, I mean, the chief has filed a declaratory action against the council and the city. The council was briefed on the procedures involved in a declaratory action and how that action proceeds. The council also was afforded the opportunity to discuss with Mr. Price, who is now the retained attorney who will conduct the investigation. As I mentioned, one of my comments to the chief earlier in our meeting, we met with Judge Earls. We have come up with a scheduling order. The hiring of Mr. Price should not indicate to anyone that we're proceeding with the investigation. I have agreed with the chief's attorney to withhold conducting the investigation until such time as Judge Earls rules on the issue of whether the Lawerson Act allows the investigation to be conducted. All right. Thank you, Mr. Traum. All right. Moving to ordinances for final adoption, a genitim 7.1 is ordinance 483-2023, a fifth supplemental bond ordinance, supplementing ordinance 2013-01, the general bond ordinance to provide for the sale and delivery of not exceeding $14 million of recreational facility sales tax revenue bond series 2023 of the Youngsville Sales Tax District number one state of Louisiana pursuant to the general bond ordinance and providing for other matters in connection therewith. I would like to recognize Mr. Sean Tubes who is with government consultants. He is our financial advisor. He works with Jason Acres who is our bond in attorney who would normally be here. And you're probably also recalled David Medlin who is now retired with government consultants. But Sean is taking over the account from David and is working in conjunction with Jason Acres. So Sean, thanks for your patience for being here this evening. Yeah, you should, David, you should be one of my clients. I convinced him to come work with me and then he retired. So, we're glad to be here. Good evening. As the mayor said, this is the supplemental ordinance which authorizes the sale of the additional $14 million bonds, which is the last portion of the $19 million originally approved a couple of years ago. The expectation is we're going to speak with the rate and age. She's creating agencies next week. We'll begin putting an offering document together. We hope to have a bond sale in end of May, first part of June. Sorry. It's obviously making sure. Maybe not being talking about it. And in the May, first part of June is the schedule to have bonds. We then have funds available by mid to late June. And Council, as you know, this is for the sports complex expansion. You've already entered into 5 million of bonds for the property acquisition and then the additional funds at that time were used for the turf at the, as young as well sports complex part to the Alabama UL game. So this is the additional $14 million. We'll hear from Stewart from JB Mootons here. So we'll hear a little bit about an update on it, but this is right where we want it to be moving the funds forward for June closing. So. Move forward, final adoption. The hold in December 483. May 3rd. All right. Thank you, Mr. Volgiano. So motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second. Second. Second by Mayor Proton Romero. Is there any council discussion? All right. Is there any public feedback or comment? All right. Thank you. Thank you, Sean. All right. If hearing none, I'll call the role division E. Miss Champagne. Yes. Thank you. Division V. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Division D. Mr. Stansbury. Yes. Division A. Mr. Lenny. Yes. Yes. All right. Thank you, Council. We'll get forward moving ahead on that. All right. Next time, so for a few announcements, Tim, you want to maybe, since we're talking 14 million in recreation. You're on the spot. Of yours. Sports program wise, our based on Saupal League has next week, will finish the regular season. And we're doing evaluations this weekend for our to select all of all-star teams. The pressure of Beach Bringley has two weeks to go until the playoffs. F and A football will be starting games this Thursday and will be playing games on Thursday and Friday night. This session on the soccer fields. All the Pickleball Council and Agent Free Play continues at Rec Center, Summer Basketball Camps, in tournaments are beginning there. Especially events that Council and Governments will meet at the Rec Center next week or May 18th. We have another MMA event that will take place Memorial Day weekend, the Fourth of July. Celebration is continuing, continuing planning for that. And officially, the Pony Girls World Series will be back in 24 and 25. Flash Parks, a substantial completion and punch list walkthrough is getting close. And we're starting to plan for the open in June. Just enough, they don't pause the park. Oh, yes, it has a ran fiber there. So we will have cameras, video cameras and the alarms for our maintenance point and the new building at Foster Park. And I think that's about it. That's it. All right. Thank you, Tim. Appreciate it. We did send out a save the date for the Splash Pad opening. Now, we just minor tweaked to that. We are considering now, perhaps, possibly doing it into a two-day event where we would have a ribbon cutting on Friday. Maybe it'll be like a little bit of a soft opening and then still have, you know, we're kind of working out details on a potential family fun day on the Saturday. So anyway, that's still hold the date for what I shared with you. You may just want to hold a second save the date to where we can maybe engage some of the business community and some people that can are available on Friday. It comes in such a long, awaited part of our sports complex. So that would be the day before on the Friday. So Pam. Where are we more comfortable? It's up to you. It's up, yeah. I'll stay here a bit. You know, I'm comfortable anyway. It doesn't really matter. I can't do either. There is a bit of a problem. All right. So detention ponds for spaley grove. We have pond five fully functioning. That's the pond that is right outside of fortune hills on 1010 Fortune. We're waiting for our top bank to dry out a little bit so that we can start with our solcimate and asphalt paving so that we can pave our access road that can be also utilized as a walking track in the future. So they are about, pond one is completely dug and we've got the asphalt structure in. That's the really large one you can see from the sports complex. Then south of that's pond two. That's dug pond three. They are working on now and then pond four is 85% complete as far as for that. So the project overall is 70% complete. We're less than half through our construction time. So things are moving real well on Bailey Grove. Truly less south. That's about 65% complete with their digging. We've dug most of our what we call the good dirt so you're not going to see a whole lot more dirt being moved to highway 89. On the property that we have so there's not going to be a whole lot more movement with that. Fortune, the fortune road roundabout in the extension so our water and sewer plans are complete. We're going to get that to the state for permitting. We have finished our drainage design and our overall layout of the roundabout in the extension. Next week we are working on the quantity so that we can give that to the contractor so that they can give us their 60% GMP. So hopefully we get a good number that's within what we can contract and we can give them the notice to proceed not long after that start, ordering pipe. But they are going to start doing their clearing. They have a contract already for the clearing and getting everything ready along highway 89 and also in the area for the fortune road extension as well. For we are starting next week on the survey for Velasco crossing so that we can do the design on that. On our 2022 roadway improvement program, our next we are finished Marito, Almanaster and just for clarification, nothing failed. In case some people think, I think a lot of people think that there was a failure it wasn't. We had them go back in and do so we could have a smooth ride. We were addressing some driveways and we went back and put some more asphalt, milled it, got a little bit smoother ride. Our next road will be North La Rivier to do that one. Now that the contractor is no longer moving the dirt on North La Rivier from the Koolie La Salle project. So that will be our next one as soon as we know we will give the mayor heads up so that he can put that out. La Rivier road preliminary plans, the preliminary hydraulics report and the preliminary drainage report were submitted to the state that's under review. We're still continuing on moving forward. We're not anticipating a huge redesign so we're going to continue doing going to the next phase while they have it in their review. And Anselam Koolie, we're waiting on the state, the mayor signed a cooperative endeavor agreement. We're waiting on them for notice to proceed before we can start doing site locations and the modeling for that particular project. And also one thing that we haven't talked very much about but it is worth mentioning is that I did sign a design contract for Prescott and Bonan for the roundabout there. As you know last May we acquired the property to do the roundabout there. We appear to be successful in capital outlay to have funding for that project and then we have a secondary, well I don't know who's on first step, we have a secondary source teed up with some DOTD credit to construct the roundabout next to Dewey's lounge so that will, you know, the kind of awkward curve on Bonan so we would be able to the cities acquired the rounded dome there. So that building will, you know, be demoed in the near future and looking forward to having a project kick off there. And the Riviera Road is something that we haven't really talked too much about. North Riviera we know it's been taking a beating from all the heavy trucks but just to, you know, South Riviera Road has had such a, you know, guys you remember back in 2017, Southside High School was opening very quickly. That was a, you know, a substandard, deplorable road. It really was a lot of local traffic on it. Last four, there's a school there where we're rushing to get water and utilities there. We knew the condition of South Riviera was really important shape. 2200 feet of it was unincorporated. Funding was limited, et cetera, et cetera. So in 2019, some of you will remember we did go in and do a temporary fix which anticipated to be a five year design life. But in addition to that in 2017, Pam applied for a grant for us which was a 75% construction cost paid federal funds that are handled through the, then MPO here. So those are the plans she's talking about that are finally in review at the state. What does this mean to you? What it means is that South Riviera Road between Shimmy Metery and the flashing red light 19 feet wide today. It's the design is increasing that 19 feet to 24 feet wide. Curving gutter, so closing the roadside ditches. And if you've been here a minute, you know that where the La Salle Cooley crosses near the flashing red light, the La Salle Cooley overflows its banks. So now that the water has someplace to go with the La Salle detention ponds, part of this is going to be upsizing the box culverts and a new bridge elevated. So that is really exciting. We've not really, I mean, since the day we did the grant application back in 2017, it's been a long, you know, a route to here. But anyway, long story short, that project we're expecting to have under construction next year. And the local taxpayer, young's will taxpayer is paying 25% of that project. So not only is the water having someplace to go, the roads being redesigned with the sidewalk. So finally, you know, kids in some of those areas, investment as an example, we'll have a safe route, you know, to school on a sidewalk there as part of this reconstruction. So just wanted to point that out. Any questions for Pam? All right. Susan couldn't be here this evening. You have her report. I just wanted to point out and I'll point out to her. There is a number five that we need to add to her report. And that's, I don't really know all the details about it honestly, because there's another one of these grants that we did years ago for the Fortune Road. I think you helped us with it. I'm sure the Fortune Road pavement preservation, you want to tell us about that? Yeah, that we put that one in at the same time as the LaRivia Road. So at the time we had put it in for Fortune Road repayment. We also had done day-taunt repayment at the same time. We did do a project where we did do some, it's a little bit more than a mill in overlay, but we knew that we needed to come back and address the base. So this is the project, what we did is we did a short term five to six year fix. Back when the mayor first came in, it's holding up well, but it was to get us to the point that we could, when this grant would actually come from a standpoint of when that you win it, you know, you get it, but it takes them. It depends on what year they have and they have to go through the selection process. So this is in fact the project that we've been wanting to have with a good reconstruction. It should come out to be something like what, as far as for reconstruction of the base, similar to what you guys have paid for on Bonnet, on Deacon, and what you did on LaRivia, you know, on LaRivia years ago. Yeah, thank you. And I think they're doing soul-borns sometimes soon. Yeah. That's what that's anyway. So we'll add that to Domang Zabo's report to continue to give you guys an update on that. Any questions about Susan? All right, Terry. I just a quick update on the veterans park. They're forming up the actual, they did most of the sidewalk and forming up the parking area. So that should be for peace soon and they were hopefully upgrade weather and continue. The dog park up there, they're getting ready to mobilize to come in and start that also. We did remember we did the Peruvian offense to kind of make it safe and keep people out. So everything's moving forward. Perfect. Thank you very much. Chief Boudre. All right, thank you, sir. And all right, let's see Miss Champagne. I want you to go first. Thank you, ma'am. First. First of all, I want to wish all our mothers out here tonight, as well as in the city of Youngsoe, a happy Mother's Day. And the other thing I'd like to wish is congratulations to all of our graduates. Graduation is in a couple weeks. So I wish them all best of luck on their future endeavors and congratulations. Thank you, Miss Champagne. I forgot to mention Stewart, you've been very patient. I got so caught up on bar on $14 million. I forgot to. Nicole's not here. So Stewart with JB Moodtongue. Thank you all for having me, DAX asked for me to combine and just kind of share where we were with the sports complex. So today we had an early release package to contour the dirt for the amp with theater. And that's been completed. It has to sit for five months before we could work on it. So it was important that we got that going early. Separate from that, we're under contract now for the water sewer, storm drainage and earthwork for the remaining part. And we're mobilizing this week and we've started some of that work right now. So that you'll see a lot of that coming up over the next couple months. And simultaneously to all of that, DAX is wrapping up the drawings this month and will be final price and all that getting a competitive prices on subs and getting final price. And for that last package to y'all. And then we'll keep moving forward with construction. Perfect. Now we're excited so the construction fences up the trailers there. So it happens feeling like a job site. So yeah, any questions? Well, saw it. Yep. Well, thank you all. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thanks, sir. Appreciate it, Stewart. Mr. Stanzberry. I'm tempted, but I'm not going to still look in so. Oh, dude, if you wanted to. No. No, it was a great project that he's working on. He'll tell you about it in a minute. Really, really proud of the Rotary Club in Young'sville. We just recently gave out $3,000 for scholarships to three students, incredible students from Southside High. And coming up, we're going to be giving 7,000. We've already selected who's getting it, community grants. So super excited about it. It's because of some fundraising ideas and events that we're having that Logan will talk about. And also the pumpkin patch that's coming up in October. So be on the lookout. Thank you. Mr. Stanzberry, Mr. Ramirez. Yeah, I'll just say, government never moves fast. Government is very slow. I appreciate, I think we all appreciate everyone's patience while we wait through some difficult times. But I just wanted to thank the public for having faith in everybody that's elected, including the chief and, you know, having feedback good or bad. That's what we're here for. I thank the public for entrusted us in that and giving us the time. Thank you, Mr. Ramirez. Mr. Volgionne. I'll start off with the Velasco Crossing. I've had quite a bit of residence contact with Velasco Crossing concerns about as well as the 89 guillot roundabout expansion. The hopes and goals is to have Velasco Crossing completed before we start that project by expanding and widening the roundabout. I think it's going to be a much safer intersection by widening that and also the intersection of Velasco Crossing extension is going to be really superior for us for sugar ridge. I say us myself because I live in there, but creating that many homes exiting one of the same state highway is a nightmare in the morning. So I think allowing traffic to divert in two different directions is going to be phenomenal. Second thing, I want to, I guess, just kind of, I'm going to bring this up. My friend Alex Borca passed away a year ago due to an uncurable cancer unfortunately. And today marks a year of his death. So I just want to acknowledge him and his life and make awareness for him. We've done two golf tournaments to raise awareness and to continue to raise funds and we'll continue to do so for the following years as long as I'm alive that I'll continue to be a part of that. So I want to get some more information. I'll share that with everyone who wants to be a part of that. And then I'll mimic Mr. Monshampal and wish to have him Mother's Day. It's all the mothers out there, especially my wife Shaina, my mother Amy, mother Latina, and then Jenae Alex's wife. All right, thank you, sir. I'm still landing. Yeah, so I'm also very proud of the Rotary Club and everything we've been doing. One of the projects I'm heading, it seems like I'm going to be spending the entire weekend at the sports complex in early June. Also on Saturday, June 10th at the sports complex, we will be having a glow-in-the-dark pickleball tournament called Pickle and Pints. It's one of our fundraisers that funds our scholarships, our grants, and things like that. So $100 for Mixed Double Team, a lot of fun, alcohol, music. It's all going to be black, light, glow-in-the-dark, the lines are going to dark, the nets go in the dark, the balls go in the dark. So it's definitely not a competitive tournament, I would say. So if you're intro to Pickleball, this is kind of it. But we're just looking to have a good time and raise some money. All right, thank you very much. I didn't touch on Neil Schafer's report, but I appreciate Lindy doing so. Neil Schafer's the design engineer for two major projects in the city of Youngso, one that he just touched on, which is the track around about. Around about it go fresh, guillot, and shimmy medirees we've reported before. That intersection needs to be reconstructed now. They ask false deteriorating on that roundabout. But we also are having just an explosive amount of growth on South Guillot, South Dayton. So our traffic, transportation plan, design, suggested, and we're following through on that recommendation, a double more lanes through the go-fresh roundabout, the tractor roundabout there, to basically bring more traffic on that north south corridor, a guillot 89. That project's going, the design of it's going really well. We had a progress meeting with them this week. And we're very optimistic that there will be very minimal utility conflicts. If that is the case, we hope to have that project out to bid this year, which is why the significance of Velasco Crossings helpful when you have a neighborhood of 450 homes. But we knew that detouring there would be challenging. So I was really impressed. The engineers presented to us a sequencing plan that keeps the intersection open the entire time. So one of them, we kind of laughed in the room because one of the phases of sequencing has the tractor pulled out and the lane of traffic going straight through the center. So we just kind of laughed and said as long as I know that this is only temporary. But in addition to that, so that project we look for, we think that one's going to be pretty easy to get off the ground. The other one that's in design, which is proven to be a little bit more challenging, is going to be the veterans roundabout expansion in the East Milton corridor. Again, from South St. Blase to Brookdale Field Crest in that area, there are a lot of utilities in that area. But I have a confident that we have a lot of bright minds on the project to minimize utility conflict. Conflicts, we're looking at doing some really creative things. A lot of brainstorming about creative things with drainage from Clinton Terry's help. Even though Pam's not the lead on that project, conversations with her. So a lot of great exciting things happening in the city of Youngsville. You may not see them on the roads today. But rest assured that there's a lot of conversations happening behind the scenes to make sure that we're well positioned for our future growth. And I also our growth today. Last project, I just wanted to kind of give an update on. We have not talked much on, but I'll start giving more updates on it. It is a new East West corridor. It appears we'll be successful in getting some funding from the state with a local match on a southern part of the parish, East West corridor, or southern part of the city, East West corridor that we're calling the Long Lane Ridge extension or Long Lane Road extension. So that would basically, in one scenario, extend Long Lane Road from its termination at Giat and take it through to Dayton. And one day in the future, perhaps cut all the way through the 700 plus acre track of property all the way to Deacon Road. But with any project, there's a lot of brainstorming. So we're also looking at alternatives. And that could be rehabilitating Shimon Agriab or other options in that area just anticipating future growth and development as well. So don't lose sight and don't lose confidence in us. We have a lot of moving pieces and a lot of great things happening. So that's all I have to say. Appreciate all of your patience with this this evening. And you certainly have our commitment that we're going to, we will get through what we're going through and we're keeping our heads up. So I'll entertain a motion to adjourn. I think they want me to make my first motion as a motion to adjourn. All right. They're second. I'll second. All right. All in favor. Meeting adjourned. Have a great evening. Super.