those hundred and 137 projects that are in construction so we'll finish them before they're even going to start any other projects more than likely. Thank you. Some of the other road projects for new shape for we're having a meeting tomorrow new shapeers the design team that's doing the key track around about and then also the veterans round about why need an East Milton corridor so tomorrow morning we're having review review with them just making trying to our best to eliminate utility conflicts that may be within that core. So I can provide the council and update after that getting I'm personally getting very anxious about the tractor round about area and key out in shimmy metery. I would really like to get that one going sooner than sooner than later but I think there's an issue with the communication line that's. You know underground that some of the initial survey may not have picked up entirely so those projects are moving along a lot of design work a lot of coordination with utilities just happening really behind the scenes. With that Sarah. Sarah we sure we don't need Zaba. Okay so for the wastewater treatment plant we are working on the permitting and still awaiting the right study. We've had one of our other systems the right study was finished and like it's moving forward so hopefully this one will be coming soon. So we're also working on the right study and for the new water treatment plant elevated storage tank and water line interconnections. We're finishing the permitting on the water lines and waiting on the right study. Yeah and some fortunate because we have designs for the water plant done we were ready to go it's already got DHH approval we're just waiting on a on a step. Very I do agree it makes sense we wanted the entities that have the money to youngsville very low interest low interest loans and grants they want to ensure rates that they want to ensure that we're charging appropriate rates to our water and sewer customers. And that we have the ability to pay it back seems very reasonable other than we're just waiting for that step to be cleared to and it makes sense because you don't want you don't want all of these limited dollars going to communities that aren't keeping up charge in their users the appropriate rates so we're really just waiting on them to clear that threshold. So I'm going to go ahead and do a little bit of the slow process right now but it seems like it's moving a little bit quicker now that they've like assigned people to do the rate studies and got you started. We at least it's in motion we have somebody a silent and Sarah's firm Domang Zabo is hopefully which is luck we've submitted our pump station three and downtown streetscape project to the Louise Annamy Nitsville Association for our community achievement award.