not as like Airbnb's where the people would change out constantly. Well, it's, it's considered basically a transition between a single family and a condo. Really, it's when you self the bond. I mean, you have them plotted on one lot. It's considered a condominium really because you have a ownership and a percentage of the land, right? But as far as rentals go, I don't want to say one way or another because it just depends on what the market dictates at that point. But again, this is something that I can see myself holding long term. And I love the area. Yeah. Good question. Good question. Okay. So any recommendation panel about how you would. I would, I would think that instead of going like there, we only allow for so many negative points. And then after that, we say you can't be more than the density. So we're waving the density. But I think that there are some negative points that come along with. So I think maybe saying that they should attempt to do a couple of things in positive points or things to show that they are going to do stuff. You know, whether it's the fence or whatever. And I'll also say that any, any land use issues between single family and multi family, we're not waving that, right? Any conditions with regards to single family up against multi family. That's not being waved. Correct. Conflict levels. Because that's a whole different thing too. So I mean, we can work with them. I think that's my thing is you're giving us the opportunity to work with them and that we still want at least get some positive point. But not to the point that. So, you know, is it? I recognize that they're probably already two points low. So is it? Do we want them to try to do two positive points? I mean, you can say a certain number because of course it exceeds so with the variance or is it that there are none? And I'm not looking at points just again to give us direction. I don't want to put more burden on them. I just kind of want to make sure that we clarify it since this is, you know, you guys. I don't like to make that decision. But I think there should be, I think it is great for this, for this area and this community. So if these don't get me wrong, I really think it's good. I just want to clarify for us when we're reviewing it and when we're working with them on things. So if we say two positive points and their fencing can be one thing and additional trees or different types of trees or whatever that they would plant, you get positive points for that. Those are very easy wins but can make a huge difference in how it looks. So if it's things like that, if you want them to make