No, it's not to sell a lot for a trailer. Okay, so the home is somebody be able to put a trainer. Yeah, so when we've had so if you're going to be putting a trailer on that same piece of property. The one that I recall there was one I think downtown sometime again they brought what their plan was. What the dimensions of everything else that was on that house and what they would have in between. So we've never done one of the what ifs. It's always been that they came to us and said this is the size trailer that we're going to put. This is what's existing on the lot and this is what we need and we had something in writing. So that is what we had on the previous where you guys did grant a variance. I do know one it was to one was to replace one was an additional one on a large lot that they had multiple. I think we were working our attention was to work with the buyer and have the buyer make the case as opposed to just a speculative like what if. And then you know scenario that's that's all of your microphones are on by the way and this Monica it could be as easy as taking what was provided to us. Blown it up a little bit and just putting the rectangular. Well I have a flat on the okay and I mean you can write the dimensions from there on that and submit it back to Garrett and I was in gear. We want to see this. But I don't know. It'll still be rejected for the reason you know it's not going to have I don't see a scenario where it's going to have 30 feet and all. And we'll not have 30 feet. So then. Yeah so which is one after 23 years you're not grandfathered in or I mean is there. Unfortunately no if I mean because of age requirements and stuff of mobile homes and what laws of passing everything on those. You have to be a certain age on them we have requirements on like Pam said setbacks and all that so it doesn't infringe on other property owners and stuff. But not to say that a variance cannot be granted in certain situations. It's just not enough information for us and I can't give anymore because I'm just going on this scenario that just happened. I'd be if they're still interested maybe have them you know. That's what I'm before coming because they were going to try to meet me here but they've already found something else as of now. The last the last prospect they moved on. Yes because it's she's coming from Cancro and her husband her spouse died and she's a widow and needs to get out because it was his property. So in the daughter said it would have been perfect right here