 Thursday, January 11th, the time is 6 p.m. We welcome you to the Young's will municipal complex for the regular schedule meeting for the January City Council. If you'd please rise, I'm going to invite the invocation this evening to be led by Pastor Chris Fusile, of First Baptist Church. And then please remain standing. Our pledge this evening will be led by councilwoman Cree. All right, thank you, Mayor. Let's pray together. Father, we thank you for this day that you've given to us. Father, for the blessings of each and every moment, Lord. And we also thank you for this new year, this new opportunity that you've given all of us, Lord, for a fresh start. Lord, my prayer today is that you'd help us to be dependent on you. We know that we're limited in our own abilities, our own strength. Father, there's so much that we can accomplish in your power. So I pray for the council today and for the mayor and for every city employee, Father, for every person here this evening, and those who are watching, or that you would help us to depend on you more than ever. Father, give us a vision. Help us to see farther than what we could ever imagine and help us to know, Lord, that we can accomplish it through your abilities. Father, give us great faith, and we pray for unity this evening. We pray all of these things and mash this name of our Savior, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Pastor. Congratulations. We'll be glad to be in the United States of America. And to the Republic for which it stands, the nomination under God, individual, the liberty and justice for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Perez, here. Mr. Volgiano, here. Mr. Amaro, here. Ms. Cree, here. Ms. Shelfine, here. All right. Thank you, Council of Genitim. 3.1 is approval of the regular meeting minutes, December 14, 2023. The motion by Council Member Romero and the second by Council Member Volgiano. Any comments or questions from the Council? Any public discussion? Okay, Ms. Gidry, please open the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Thank you. Finance report, agenda item 4.1, approval of the November 2023 Finance report. Mr. Volgiano, make some motion. Second by Council Member Romero. Any Council discussion? Any public comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council. Other business, agenda item 5.1. This evening we have our auditors here, Burton and Brad Colder, and it's the presentation and acceptance of the audit report for the fiscal year which ended June 30, 2023. So Brad, welcome back, sir. Thank you, good evening, Mary and Council. I'm going to lead off this evening. And as the mayor indicated, we're going over the audit for the fiscal year ended June 2023. I'm going to make some opening comments and then go over the utility fund operations as well as the sports complex operation. And then my dad will step up and he will talk about the operation. The city has a whole as well as a few handouts. So a couple of opening comments as far as the opinion on the financial statements and it's a cleaner unmodified opinion. This is the best opinion we can give as CPAs and this is the opinion you've seen in prior years. We did meet with the administration before the year end and went over the audit results and some other things. And one of those things was some verbal comments we had. We had five verbal comments this year. That's an improvement over last year and we had seven verbal comments. So those are wise to the level of needing to be discussed here in this meeting, but I just want to make the comment that we are seeing improvement within the accounting function within some of the processes for the city of Young's Dome. You do have the refindings within this audit report. They are the exact same three findings you had in the audit report last year. In meetings with the administration and discussing them, we feel as though it's reasonably possible that two of the three can be resolved during this fiscal year and 24 and hopefully we're standing here a year from now instead of three findings within the audit report, we're down to two or possibly even one. So I think we're seeing progress on all fronts. I don't know if you have any. You'd like to add, Mayor. No, I think as we continue to build out our accounting function, of course, when we now as our CFO, I mean, one of them is relative to adequate segregation of duties. We're determined. We're committed to making that modification, some of which we've begun the process. So that's some time ago. So we'll just have to continue to demonstrate and take step forward relative to that. One is relative to account reconciliation and we have some, we've used the consolidated cash function of our city for probably six, seven years now, but where we are accepting the recommendation of not only Miss Craig, but also our auditors. It's probably best to untwine some of that because it also makes account reconciliation easier. So we've taken preliminary steps to do that. And then the final one was about a bank audit. I don't know. So having someone on staff that can draft this financial state. Correct. And so most governments have that because they don't have a CPA on staff that could put together this huge report in accordance with Gap. So most have it. That's why when I said I feel like y'all can resolve two of them. So one, I don't feel like y'all are going to resolve is that one. And even a management response, it says, y'all feel as if it was a cost benefit. It's better to outsource it to us. Let us do it and you can I review it. Correct. So to me, that's, if that's the only thing you have next year, that'd be fantastic. Any other questions or comments? With that being said, let's get to the operations of the utility fund. And that is on page 69 and 70 in the audit report. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to start on page 70 and go through each individual department. And then we'll talk about the utility fund as a whole. I'm going to hit the high spots. If anybody has a question, does he something they want to ask me about? Just go ahead and stop me. You will address that at that time. So looking at page 70 on the far right, you see sanitation for both 2022 and 2023. And total revenues did increase by quite a bit. A million 481 last year to a million 648 this year, you're talking about about $165,000. You go down to the second to last line item and you can see expenditures last year, a million 618 versus a million 852. So we had revenues increase 165,000, but expenditures about 235. So you can see that bottom line operating loss. Last year we had a loss of 137,000 this year and increase of that loss to 204,000. Ideally in sanitation, you'd like to be making a little bit of money or break even. I think you're looking at the agenda. You actually have something on the agenda tonight to address so that hopefully I'm standing here next year. We're in that slightly profitable to break even situation. So this is going to be addressed tonight, where we're not in a negative anymore. Moving on to sewer, you can see revenues increase from $2,259 last year to $2,325. So about $65,000. Not a bad increase, not huge, but not bad. Moving on down to the expenditures, you have a more listed out there. There's some variations between categories, but in total you spent a million 919 last year compared to a million 865. So you're talking about $55,000 in savings or less expenditures this year. So increasing the revenues, decreasing the expenditures, bottom line improves by approximately $120,000, the $340,000 of income last year to $460,000 of income in the current year. So sewer is a real bright spot this year for the utility fund. That's the best one we're going to take a look at. Moving on to water, almost the identical same dollar value increase in the revenues from $3,640,000 to $3,707. So approximately the same $65,000. The difference is in water, if you look at the two revenue sources, the first line, $3,40,000 versus almost $3.3 million. So you sold a lot more water. The next line is Miss Alaney has went from $600,000 down to $415. This is going to be reconnections, penalties, and things like that. So you had a lot less of those this year, but you sold a lot more water. I'm saying that to say this. The biggest increase in your expenditures, if you look at your water expenditures, the biggest expense is water purchases. Okay. That went from $1,379 to $1,578 up about $200,000. And total your expenditures for the water department are about $190. So you sold a lot more water and you had to purchase a lot more water. Bottom line when you're looking at it, you had a profit last year, $311,000, that profit decreased to $186,000 on a profit. So still profitable, just not as quite as profitable as we were last year, but still good. And taking a look at the totals on page 69. You can see revenue's increase, almost exactly $300,000, from $7,381 to $7.6 million from $22.23. And you have the expenditures all listed out in detail, but just hit the high spot, $6.8 million last year, up to about $7.2 million or about $370,000 increase year over year. Bottom line operating income and utility fund, $514,000 last year, down about $70,000 to $442. But we need to factor in the non-opperating revenues. In this case, you have the property taxes, which actually the revenues went up from $490,000 to $536. And in total for that category of non-operating revenues or expenditures, in this case, it's a net revenue. That increased from $411 to $453. So bottom bottom line within the utility fund, you had income of $925,000 last year compared to $895,000 this year. So virtually identical, with all the different movements that I talked about within the funds and the categories, almost the same kind of numbers. And really they're good. I mean, to generate almost $900,000 a profit is a good situation. Any questions on page 69 or $7? If there's not, you should have handouts and page 2 of the handout is the per-customer per month. We always go over this because it gives you a different look and would be just saw within the audit report. We have four years of history. And looking at water, you can see the top line is your number of customers. Those are steadily increasing every year. The next line is the income. You can see income is very consistent. There's not a tremendous amount of movement over the four years, basically ranging between about $46 and $48. Current year coming in, a shade under $47. Operating expenditures, especially for the past three years, have been very consistent in water, basically $43 to $45 between $21 and $23. But you see the operating income trend over the four years. About $1050 will call it in 2020. Then down to about $5 in change, last year, $4 in change, this year, $236. So we're trending downwind in water and it's mainly because of the increase in the expenditures. Then we add back depreciation. And then that bottom line says operating income or loss without depreciation, another way to look at this is originating cash or not. So it could be cash generated or not within the water department. And you can see we're generating cash over approximately $8 in 2023. Last year was almost 10, before that 11 and back in $20, almost $16. So from a cash perspective, we're about half where we were in 2020. Doing the same kind of approach with sewer, you have less sewer customers, but you do have a similar percentage increase in the number of customers. And you can see that the income, similar to what we saw with water, not much change over the four years. 36 and change back in 20, we had about $35 we're calling it in the current year. Expenditures ranging from $23 back in 20, they're about $30 in 2021 and 22, we're almost at 28 this year. And about $7 of operating income in the current year, which has kind of been the middle of where the past four years have been within add back depreciation. And you can see we're generating cash in the sewer department of $18 roughly. That's a little hard to last year when it was 16 and even harder than it was in 21 when it was only 13. Bottom left is garbage. You can see the income is about $22 in 20 and 21. Then it dips about $20 in change in 20, I'm sorry, in 22 and 23. But that cost is steadily increasing every year, which we kind of talked about earlier. And so you can see that operating income or loss in the bottom line, we can skip it because we don't have any depreciations to go to cash. You lost $2.55 of cash in the garbage department this year. Last year is about $2, where in 21 you generated $2.10. I'd like to see you get back to somewhere around that 2021 number in an ideal situation. To me, that would be ideal. And then moving to the bottom right is going to be bringing everything all together. And you can see how steady the revenues are, ranging between about $105 and $102, coming in at $102 in change in the current year. And look at all consisting the operating expenditures are between 21 and 23. Roughly 94 to 96 over that three year period. It's really difficult to do in a utility fund because some of the expenditures are so high. But over this three year period, the expenditures are very much under control. You have operating income for all three years, adding back roughly $16 of depreciation over the three or four years, and generating cash of $23 this year, which compares extremely similar to last year with $23 in change as well, which makes sense with my comments in the order report that the income was almost identical. So you would expect that bottom line to be very similar. So overall, very healthy. I mean, it's not quite where it was in 20 where you can see we're generating $42, but 23 hours of generation of cash and nothing that's needs that. Still very healthy. If I see that garbage part, I'm going to get a hole, which I think we're going to take care of that this evening. Any questions or comments on utility fund, anything I talked about? I think there's, I mean, there's one comment. I was just going to just don't a little bit of math. I mean, for water as an example, just for the public benefit. Water customers, I mean, from the same time June 30th of 2023, compared to the previous 12 months, I mean, we're servicing 256 more water customers, 284 more sewer customers. And if I look at water, I'm going to dive into a little, I'm sorry, garbage, I'm going to dive into a little bit more, like, I guess, behind the scenes, because I don't have it here. I mean, you look at like the year of a year, I'm looking at page 73, by the way. When you look at like the year of a year, customer count, it's increased, by like, 669. So that might be, I'm not sure that might be factoring in, I know we do have like 400 and something extra can. So, anyway, so just to kind of put it in perspective, I mean, the size of the operation, when you look at the second page of the handout on the four year comparison, water alone from 2020 to 2023 is 798 customers, you know, just to tell me something you already know, just about the amount of, you know, more residents that were servicing and how we've really had to become more, you know, disciplined in our approach about how we're running our utility system. You know, they are servicing, you know, nearly 800 more customers, you know, for water alone. So I'm proud of the results that are there in the utility fund. And I'm not sure if the government is going to be able to do that. So I'm going to go through the, I'm going to go through everything here, similar, I'm going to take a similar approach, we look at utility fund kind of hit the high spots. And total revenue, as you can see, very little change. I mean, a million, three, twenty one in revenues last year, a million, three, thirteen, three, about eight thousand dollars change in the revenue. So not much really to speak of there, more really to talk about as far as in the expenditures. You know, you have them all listed out here. I'm going to hit the total and they kind of work my way back up. But total operating expenditures last year, four point five million in the current year, five point four million, you talk about an increase of roughly nine hundred thousand dollars. For frame of reference, it's not in this report here, but in two thousand twenty one, this same line item was three point four million. So from twenty one to twenty three, you had about an increase of two million dollars of operation expenditure increases here in the sports complex. Some of the ones that jump out to me just worth pointing out the reason for the roughly nine hundred thousand dollar increase, we could just start at the top salaries. You can see that's up a little over a hundred thousand from six or three to seven. And we'll call it two or three down from there advertising was minimal in two thousand twenty two or two thousand, but jumped up to fifty thousand here in the current year. Couple down from there, you get to contract labor for seventy one last year of about two hundred and ten thousand and six hundred eighty two thousand below that depreciation expense up about two hundred and forty thousand. Then five or six down from depreciation, you get to repairs and maintenance. That's up roughly a hundred from three fifty two to four fifty five. Two below repairs and maintenance is sponsorship fees up from once sixty four last year two hundred twenty five this year. And then a few down from sponsorship is tournament fees three seventy one up fifty thousand to about four hundred and twenty. So again, you have a lot of expenses listed here, but I kind of want to point out some of the drivers behind the nine hundred thousand dollar increase year over year. Then we get to the non operating revenues or expenditures. You did have some grant revenues last year. You don't have that this year, so that's the big reason for the change. Two hundred and eight thousand net of revenues last year, eight thousand dollars net of revenues in the current year. And then the loss after it's all said and done three million dollars loss last year versus four point one. You do transferring quite a bit of money from the sales tax is dedicated for the park. You transfer it in five point five million approximately in two thousand twenty three. And that sales tax brings in roughly four point seven million. So you can't continue to transfer in five point five million every year because you're only bringing four point seven. So I would say just a general comment here is take a look at the expenditures and maybe try to level those off, stabilize those because two million dollar increase over two year phases is tough that I just it's a lot. Any questions on page pay seventy two. I'm there. Just assuming a lot of this because I know Tim tightens his belt on all these budgets. Two million is probably considerable not not a considerable increase considering what we're doing with the expansion. Yeah. New staffing that you had to hire equipment, retarfin fields last year, all the baseball fields. Yes. Yes. I mean we're pretty much you know pretty much going from you know seventy five, seventy five acres you know to roughly one hundred eighty six acres counting the you know the satellite bar. So it's kind of gear enough you know for the growth and full time staff of course we have a mobile crew now. But staff and wise we're with the best place we could be now to take everything on we're also going to be scheduling working a little different because we have enough full timeers now to really cut into the contract. I mean I didn't realize we're almost tripling our footprint which is phenomenal that's what you're doing. I mean not I expected there to be a jump in this so it's not concerning but. And then you bring it on you know two more ball fields. The ball you bring it on amphitheatre that's got more chances for revenue all. Yeah so just a general comment that I'll make here you know we're reviewing you know a lot of those processes you know internally you know certainly cognizant of the opportunity to expand the recreation footprint and recognize in a lot of it was the intention was accelerated because of drainage projects and what's the purpose how do we maintain drainage projects long term. And then also I think the other factors how do you balance the you know our sports complex I think everyone would agree is a huge asset for our community balancing the customer service piece of it but it's certainly noted I mean there will be there's no expectation that we will be recommending or suggesting to the council that a trajectory of growth will continue at the pace that it has because we're really in our mind at a built out status but then also that I mean really increasing the talent of the existing bench that Tim has which therefore lessons that dependency on contract laborers and then also evaluating the program cost and fees as well there we're starting to take deeper dives into individual P&L's for particular sports where we can you know look at you know the revenue taken in minus the expenses that were paying on that same sport so there'll be some potential recommendations you know on those as well once we take a harder look at it that we'll be able to report back to the to the council on. Yeah and then the other side too you know we had we had a big repair with the elevator had to be totally replaced out that was about 46,000 one of the units at the rec center about 25,000 so we had to wear in terms of the details. All right thanks fine that's my comments for utility funding sports complex so with that being said I'll turn over to my father and he'll go over the operation of the city as a whole thank you. Thanks Brian. Okay as as Brad indicated we're going to go over the highlights of the overall situational situation with the audit for last year as he just went over the sports complex and the utility fund and those two account for approximately of the total expenditures they account for about $12 million of the total expenditures of the city but your total operational expenditures exclusive of capital outlay but it does include debt service is about 30 million so this is about 12 but what I'm going to do is take everything but those those 12 he's already talked about so let's go to page one and at page one of the handout is going to be the overall totals compared to the budget that you had that you finally adopted the final amended budget for last year ending June of of 23. Everybody's got that first page. Okay okay first line item is the tax revenues and the tax revenues are include the advolume taxes franchise taxes and of course sales taxes which is the big driver here is the sales tax so total budget was 18 million 653 thousand dollars you actually brought in 300 thousand more than that at 18 million nine seventy four. And this is an increase over the prior year in sales tax just sales tax alone of about 5.3%. Now 5.3% for 2023 over 22 but 22 over 21 was a 16% increase and 21 over 20 was a 17.8% increase. You don't see that here I just have those numbers available. I just wanted to point that out we've had two phenomenal years prior to 23 with the increase and 23 is good at 5.3 but when you coming off 15 or 16 and 18% it is quite a bit less. So anyway that's the situation on the tax revenues so of the 18.7 nine million dollars of revenues 16.4 million dollars is sales tax. So 16.5 million you can say of the 18.9 million is sales taxes and the balance of about 2.5 million is advolume and franchise. Okay the next line item is the licenses and permits and here we had budgeted 1,336,000 came in significantly less than that at 981,000 last year that number was a million 546. The intergovernmental revenues here we budgeted 10,884,000 it came in at 9,379,000 last year was only a million 738. What's in that 9.7 million is a couple of big drivers here is some grant monies which is primarily for streets which was about 5.1 million in there and the ARPA monies will recognize this year. You had some that was spent on this complex and also some that was recognized as a replacement of loss revenues which you were eligible to do. Total ARPA monies was 3.4 million so included in the 9.4 million dollars that is 8.5 million dollars which is ARPA monies and mainly federal grant monies. So those two items but generally you're around the 800,000 in the intergovernmental revenues that come into the city. So we're going to get to that just a minute and we're going to factor in what's the operating revenues are the operating surplus for the year. Utility charges, Brad just went over this, you budgeted 8.3 million, came in at 7.7 million, 600,000 less than we thought and last year that number was 7.3 million. Sports complex, sponsorships and fees, you budgeted a million 457, came in at a million 3.13, you just went over that last year was a million 3.21. Fines and forfeits, budget at a million 2.45 came in at a million 3.42, 96,000 more than we thought last year that number was 709,000 dollars. A year before that was 8.51,000 so a significant increase in the Fines revenues. Estilaneous revenues were budgeted at 741,000, they actually came in at 404,000, 337,000 less than we thought. Total revenues for the city of Youngville this year you had budgeted 41.9 million, came in at 40,000, 100,000, a million 7 below budget, you might say wow that's quite a bit. Remember you have a 5% tolerance and if you look down at the bottom of the page it's 4.1% less than what we thought. So it's a negative variance but it's within the tolerance of 5%. The expenditures, how did we spend the money? Under administration you budgeted to spend 2.3.37, spent 2.490,000 dollars. That's 150,000 more than what was anticipated. Last year was 2.5.5. Under public safety, made up of the police department, budgeted 4.628, spent 4.479, 150,000, less than we thought. Last year that number was 3.9 million. Fire department and a lot of this is an appropriation to the fire department. Of course you do collect some property taxes for the funding of that but it's not sufficient. 2 million, 182 on the budget to be spent, you actually spent 2 million, 234, 52,000 dollars more than we thought. Last year was a million 5.70. You can see last year was a million 5.70 this year is 2.2 million. The mayor and I talked about this today. Part of this we think and the mayor is pretty certain it is is that you're helping outside of the city limits. It's costing the city this money. We're not getting enough from LCG or from other sources but primarily from LCG to fund for the out of city assistance that's being provided. So something needs to happen in that regard. I know you all have been talking about this. Hopefully we'll get some resolution on it. Yeah, and if I could just comment and I mean council you've heard we've discussed this issue before. You know, just I don't have the numbers in front of me but if I recall right we're talking about roughly a third of our calls. As the last report I looked at we're really responding to the unincorporated area. And you know we of course as you know we have a new parish council person. We have a new administration at the parish level. The free ride in the philanthropy is really that it's over. So everyone should be on notice that. I mean we can't continue to fund you know helping our brothers and sisters in the parish. I think they'll and I'm confident that our new parish council administration are really going to take a you know concerted look at is this a service at the unincorporated area would like. And I don't I don't have frankly an opinion on it. I think I have an opinion on they need to be communicated to and a decision at the appropriate level needs to be made to know that the other the other variable here would be I think it's 42 or 42 and a half percent of our property tax is automatically or marked for our fire department. So you know some of the improvements that that you've authorized the new apparatus I think it was two or three new apparatus in probably three years two years three apparatus is this is just rough numbers. I mean we've agreed to incur you know that you know that 10 year payment that debt for that 10 year payment. The expectation is that the property tax will be climbing you know every year so then at that case you know the the reliance on the other funding sources would need to be you know as heavy as we see the property tax just worth noting we have not received any property tax yet. I mean we know that the parish sent them out late you know that's been well reported but you know I'm sure that just from how I know I've received my property tax it was later you know payments are being made later so I think everything's just pushed back there so that is the silver lining here with fires that I'm hopeful that I mean we're if we're servicing what does that say like 300 more you know 300 more you know water customers on a similar amount of 300 more sewer customers you know logic would tell you that that's also 300 homes that are paying a property tax to where we should see the property tax contribution increasing as well so I think it's fair to say that more more come in you know in this story it'll be it'll be unfolding this year but as we just pointed out we're spending mayor 2.2 million dollars for fire and based on what you just said like property taxes we're bringing in about 600 thousand maybe 650 relative to fire that's earmarked for far so we've got a big gap there and so something needs to happen so that that gap can hopefully close and be hopefully eliminated down the road but anyway we're hopefully something will happen streets and drainage we budgeted 2 million 2.94 we actually spent 2 million 2.43 51 thousand less than we thought utility fun expenses Brad just talked about it you had budgeted 7 million 2.43 you actually spent 7 million 2.39 4.700 less than you thought sports complex budgeted 5.3 million spent 5.4 million about 85 thousand more than we thought last year was 4.5 million in that particular category we just talked about why it increased debt service principal retirement was budgeted at 4 million 148 and we actually spent 3 million 607 on debt retirement for principle 500 thousand less than we thought interest payment to the fiscal agent and the bond issuance 1 million 555 was budgeted we actually spent a million 601 that's 45 thousand dollars more than we thought last year was a million 3.44 obviously we've issued some debt so our interest cost have gone up over the prior year a capital outlay was a significant item here 14 million 8.48 is what was budgeted we actually spent 16 million 8.24 a million 9.76 over budget again the budget is based upon where we think we are or where we are let's say for 10 months or 9 months with the projects and then you have to forecast how much is going to be needed or spent in the next 3 months and it's kind of difficult because you don't know exactly where all of these projects are but the funds were approved on this understand because you approved the projects they were bid in whatever cases but the spending is what you're budgeting here on an annual basis so 1 million 9.76 more than what was anticipated when the budget was amended total expenditures for the city you budgeted to spend 44 million 577 thousand we actually spent 46 million 144 thousand that's a million 5 more than we thought primarily mainly in a capital outlay area because some of the others were up and down in various cases but that being said remember the 5% variance and the variance came in right at the bottom of the page I've indicated it it came in at 3.86% off a budget so you're again within the tolerance level even though the numbers seem large they are but they're within tolerance excess of deficiency back towards the middle of the page you had anticipated an excess or deficiency in this case that you were going to spend more primarily because the capital of 2.7 million dollars more than we thought we came in at 6 million 68 thousand more than we thought that's 3.3 million dollars difference from where we were anticipating at this line item now other financing sources as you know with the government when you issue debt it shows as like another financing source like a revenue source 23 million was budgeted 23 million 590 and proceeds from issuance of bonds it came in at 23 million 786 thousand dollars a hundred and ninety five thousand over budget gain on sale of assets you had budgeted nothing came in at a hundred and fifty four thousand on sale of some surplus properties and also proceeds from the capital lease 620 thousand again that's the issuance of debt for some leases we hadn't budgeted anything there so you had budgeted other financing sources as 23.5 million that came in at 24.5 million about nine hundred thousand dollars difference there I'm going to skip down and you can see adbalorum taxes from the utility fund Brad talked about that earlier and it's in other revenues and expenses the very bottom line the city y'all had anticipated with the proceeds from the issuance of the debt that you ended up with an extra or a surplus so to speak an excess of 21.3 million it came in at right at 19 million at 18 million nine 55 2.3 million dollars more than less than what was anticipated as far as the excess any questions on these items here again the details are within the the audit report which is about 85 pages so we we always try and bring this down because we'd have to spend time going through about five or six different pages to even get this and then you'd have to add all of this together so we kind of put it together for you so we can present it here and hopefully everyone can get the gist of what happened during the past fiscal year any questions okay hearing none let's go ahead now and and look at the third page of the handout remember we talked I talked about earlier we're going to try and look at what was the operating surplus and in other words I'm taking out the capital outlay because that's kind of some one-time expenditures I'm also going to deduct out of this some of the bond proceeds and so on so let's look at this look at the last column we have six years of history here for the city so we started with at 18.9 million dollar surplus on on column in for 23 that's the sixth column that's listed 18.9 million that's after the proceeds of the debt but to that I'm going to add back all the capital we spent 16.8 million dollars on capital so those are one-time type expenditures we're going to add that back to that 18 million but from that we're going to take off the one-time grants and bond proceeds that you had and that number equates back to about 33 million so the operational surplus or deficiency but in your case it's always been a surplus the surplus for 23 when it's all said done from an operational standpoint you ended up with $2,528,000 of surplus operational surplus for the city of Youngville and we have all the prior five years beginning with 18 and you can see it was 1.8 million and 18 2.6 million and 19 from an operational standpoint in 20 it was three and a half million 21 to jump to 4.9 million remember that big increase I talked about in sales tax we were showing tremendous increases of 16 17% increases in 21 and also into 22 well 22 ended up at 6.2 million and this year we're 2.5 but the overall if you look at the six-year average I have highlighted down at the bottom of this page the average for the past per year for the last six has been 3.6 million dollars so that's very good to have an operational surplus of this for the past six years the the the concern that I would have is that our revenues have now flattened off they've leveled off and Ken and I spoke today and I think our sales stocks are up maybe 1% Ken over the prior year but we had budgeted 4% so we're 3% behind budget on the revenues especially sales tax which is a big drive in force here but our expended years are there at a certain level and you've had to get them at that level so I would suggest that we just look at the expended years and Brad kind of pointed this out earlier and see if there's any areas where we can improve some efficiencies and possibly some reductions if we could to level off some of these expended years because our revenues have flattened Ken as you want to add anything to that we concur and we had talked about this we had the exit at the latter part of the year in December with with the administration we had talked about these particular factors so it's just something to consider and it's something to try and address I guess the last thing that I want to look at is going to be on page 58 if everybody will turn to that we'll quickly look at it we've been looking at the operations of the city page 58 and now what I want to do is look at a on a one page this is all of the assets of the city as well as the respective debts that the city has and what's our remaining surplus which is our surplus that we have accumulated over the years and what do we have going forward how much how many days can we operate or months can we operate the city with you know suppose we had a catastrophic event so we're going to get into that but look at the I'm going to focus on the third column on page 58 which is the total numbers as of June 30th of 23 compared to the totals and the fourth column which is June 30th of 22 so it's a snapshot it's a balance sheet it shows what's your assets what assets you had at year in what what liabilities you had at year in and what's our remaining surplus so our cash as you can see with 6.8 million last year the cash and interest bearing deposits this year is 6.2 million we do have another 4.2 million has been invested this year we didn't have any of that last year total current assets of the city were 10 million last year they're 19.3 million for the current year the non-current assets primarily you fixed assets which is this building that we're sitting in all of the assets the park the utility assets the police cars all of it that equates non-current assets and it's primarily fixed assets you do have some restricted cash for construction projects but primarily it's in the form of fixed assets 136 million last year it's 165 million this year you can see the non-current total assets of the city of youngsville last year 146 million this year it's 184 million remember we've issued some debt as we talked about 20 some odd million we still have pretty much all of that as of June to be spent on construction projects but it's so it's all included in that but we'll watch we'll look at our debt in a minute total current liabilities on the bottom half of the page with 10.1 million last year they're 13.3 million this year and then your non-current liabilities are all shown 46 million versus 72 million because we've issued more debt so total liabilities of the city increase from 56 million to 85 million so about a 29 million dollar increase in liabilities and what's our remaining net position as indicated here very bottom line total net position of this city was 89 million last year of which we had reinvested about 79 million in the form of capital assets and this year we have a hundred million with about 78 million being reinvested in net capital assets and we also have about 14.2 million dollars that's restricted for capital projects what I want to focus on guys is the unrestricted which is only 319 thousand if everybody sees that and I want to also add back the sales tax dedications of about four million dollars okay so everybody sees that it's about four and a half million dollars last year that same number if you look at those two numbers the 5.7 plus the 300 thousand was about six million so our available surplus going forward taken out the capital assets that we've already reinvested and the capital projects we're basically at about 4.5 million this year we were at 6 million last year so it's come down and just to give you an idea based on your operational spending looks like you would have somewhere around 86 days of available surplus citywide which is almost three months it's 2.9 months and as we've talked about in the past you should have at least 60 days okay so you're it you can say 90 days last year we were at 118 days we were at 4 months so we basically dropped about 30 days about one month of surplus and that's why we're cautioning that we need to get a handle on the expenses and be as efficient as possible because our revenues have flattened so I wanted to point that out your general fund and last year your general fund was really down we just look at the general fund itself because that general fund is used if you can't find monies in a certain dedicated facility but you need to spend it the general fund is where you go to so we want to look at the strength of your general fund last year that general fund was down to about a half month that's not indicated on anything that I've given you this year we're up to about a month and 10 days okay so it is improving but remember what I said we're not at two months we should be at least 60 days so we're recommending that we look at this and and maybe Catherine and her staff could look at it and maybe transfer some additional monies if we have some available possibly from sales tax into the general fund to bring it back up to the 60 days okay so but it is improving that has improved you would need to transfer about $430,000 to be able to do that so okay I've talked a big mouthful of a lot of things here operational wise and how we stand surplus wise going forward so the higher that surplus is the better off you are going forward questions yeah that you have a question I do I do I was asking Mary by one to clarify we talked about assets and earlier in this conversation here and you were going through several of them you said police other things are we taking an account the fire department the multiple trucks the stations and I said because they're independent technically from some of the assets we looked at this at the time of the audit Catherine and you correct me please but I know some of them are not yeah a lot of them are not okay right they're on the fire department those assets and there is not say that is because of the city you know purchasing a lot of this paying for stations that we're just fine but I want to make sure if we're not including that that's good it's not including so we're not including it in our assets would tend to be a little bit heavier yeah that's correct absolutely more than positive yeah so it makes their overall numbers here potentially a little bit better right right we're giving you the worst case yeah exactly to clarify just to that point if I'm not mistaken it was the last three apparatus is that you put into the cities the latter of the rescue and the second engine we bought which have been the last the last the last three the only station to station one is the station two is the okay so the last three have been put on the city mayor yes the last the last three are in the city's name correct I can't attest to how they been but I think they're on the fire department my correct Catherine maybe we talked about that the financing us to the city yeah yeah yeah the last one is I'm I'm from fell into the new year correct because the first note isn't doing to but that one I think we put on to the city correct yeah okay yeah I'm just trying to make sure and I'm just trying to paint the picture that yes yes you absolutely right a little bit healthier okay right it will not still not what we wanted no not what you want to be mad but but but but you're absolutely correct it would enhance the city's position if those were on there but that's not included got you thank you any any other questions or comments hearing none again I want to thank the mayor the council and the administration for allowing us to work with you again this past year it's always a pleasure and we want to be your partner we have to do our job but we want to be your partner so if there's any questions or whatever please feel free to call us and we're certainly trying to assist yes sir again we appreciate the we appreciate both of you are Dwayne and the entire team that was here with the so we enjoy having them around and hopefully they enjoy being here as much as as well so thank you the bicathrin would say the same things up top all right so council as as usual I mean you make a motion to accept the audit report for the fiscal year in in June 30th 2023 motion by mr Romero excuse me Romero second by bull Gianno is there any comments from the council is there any public comment relative to the presentation all right I hearing none mischidri please call the vote column favor motion approved thank you mischidri and thank you again thanks again mayor the report has been submitted to bat ruch as it was required to be it was done prior to 1231 prior to December 31st it may not be on the legislative water to this website to be public because they take some time to do that but it has been submitted everything's been done and so we're good thanks again appreciate thank you so much right it's a 9.5.2 say bond storage is requesting a variance to section 1075 AA to allow a super polymer grade vinyl sighting to the eastern south sides of the facility look at 461 all men asked to road I know the owners here if there's any questions um you know council I can close down on it I think when the when say bond was first built they didn't meet the requirements of the order of your ordinance that ordinance was more than 51 percent had to be a material other than metal I think that we as y'all know the the the ownership did comply with that um you know just pointing out I mean though that when you look at the building I think it was the desire they want at the time to to do all metal when you look at the middle from the exterior even though it's a different material it's still really you have to be really on it to realize that it's a difference of you know hearty plank and hearty plank and metal the concern here that you review and in your packet is that this is there now that they've had the opportunity to have it's been about two years that you've been open roughly they're seeing how the materials the hearty planks wearing and their cognizant of the fact that moving forward with the self storage facility there's a lot more potential wear and tear people moving in and out hence the reason that they're offering that I think they understand the spirit of the ordinance because that's why the the request is not to you know do metal um takes more metal but they they're recommending a substitute product for the application that they have Mr. Bulljohn yes I'm pretty well versed in the material itself but do we have any current businesses in our city or in the area that they currently use this on their facility just for reference watch is talking about seeing the pan no we don't that's why we requested that they'd go to a variance because it wasn't allowed I'm not saying that it can't be but no we don't have anybody and we haven't really had any requests by anybody to use this material so it's not that we just have not that request we just have hearty plank like a conor people just go with stuck or hearty plank or brick or whatever so they don't they don't even research for this type I mean there's vinyl and then there's you know this is a higher grade so nobody really has ever come to us with the research according to so that's why we recommended bringing it and if it's something that you guys in the future want to take a look at once you know if you should approve it and you take a look at it and you like it then it may be something to consider in the ordinance but right now we just didn't have an opportunity to do it on our level okay thank you okay oh the other quite Mr. Bruce you're certainly welcome to address the council or I know you would answer any questions should they have any I'm not sure that I'm seeing any at this time Mr. Romero Mr. Bruce are you doing okay I'm going great great oh just one question are you going with the same colors scheme and everything okay I thank you very much all right Mr. Paul John if everyone's been at grants I'm like a motion to grant the variance all right is that there's a motion to approve the variance for Mr. Paul John oh Miss Barra's seconds is there any comment or question from the council any public comment this is for self storage facility that's going to be just north of a sebaugh crawfish restaurant okay if there's no public comment misgidry please call the vote for the variance all in favor motion approved right thank you how soon before we can have some crawfish that's been done I know right just yeah yeah we're trying to possibly put in the month have something got it well all right all right thank you then thank you for the thank you for doing business and young so all right yes sir resolution 6.1 resolution 2020 4.01 a resolution authorizing the acceptance of a donation of movable surplus property from the Lafayette police department all right there's a motion by Mr. Volgiano and a second by Miss Champagne is there any council comments or questions chief anything that needs to be discussed before let them know you know it is a motorcycle that's being donated from Lafayette City police to replace one of our older ones so something gracious from them that we don't have to pay for instead of them sir plus and they're gonna serve plus and directed us and we're able to serve plus our older one that needs to be replaced after this all right thank you I think there's a question sir from see I'm just gonna turn the council mic songs up normally Nicole's I know there's some questions last time maybe from a couple of residents concerned about how we went about approving funds for even though it's graphics or lights I think it was in reference to your unit but in reference to this are we don't need to approve funds in the later months to have it the graphics done in wood honor equipment is going to transfer over and stuff like that equipment is the same light scheme that because the same is the only thing that's going to do changes the two graphics on the tank all right everything else should run concurrent with what we have perfect appreciate you yes there are a mirror now just wanted to compliment the chief it was refreshing getting a female and notification this prior to the actual agenda I'm being presented to us so if we had any questions we can present to you so thank you for reaching out yes sir all right are you sending public comment all right mischidory there's a motion and second please call the vote all right thank you council chief will work with you to do the necessary paperwork this is to again to accept a donated motorcycle from the Lafayette police department so we thank them as well ordinances for introductions we have won the seed in 7.1 is ordinance 488 2024 in ordinances city of youngsville Louisiana minne section 24-23 rates established for scribe in the rates charges deposits for water sewerage solid waste recycling service accounts service by the city of youngsville Louisiana council this is it's simply for introduction tonight because I want to give you the the right information our adequate information and so that way you can make an informed decision on it as you know we currently are charging $23 to the residents for waste management service that includes curbside pickup that also includes recycling it was last increase last March from 20 to 23 the ordinance that you have currently does allow the does allow modifications for CPI that's the consumer rate index you know the cost of goods there's there's measurements out there about that the audit report that you just saw shows I believe that rate was increased assuming it was increased after the March council meeting adopted at the March council meeting from 20 to 23 you really only only had the increase in April May and June so I think that's what our auditors were referring to that we did take an increase last year but it would only affected three of the of the 12 months of that financial report so what we did was we took the and just kind of given you my mythology behind it to where you can go and you know take the dependent upon your your your direction this evening if it gets rolled you know forward to a later meeting to be voted on again we took the average number of customers and looked at what would that $3 increase be should you look at another nine months of revenue since we had the revenue only for April May and June I think what you'll do when you go through that exercise you'll see basically what we see in that it's it brings you pretty much current to where you wouldn't be looking at a you know an operational loss within the sanitation department the issue comes in is that waste management sexercised two components of their contract one is a CPI increase which are which your existing ordinance allows us to move forward with should that be but this one is a little bit larger than most the any one that I've seen the CPI increase was 7.88% from waste management and then it's also coupled with a fuel surcharge of 7% and the existing ordinance does not have a provision to my knowledge to where we can make an adjustment on the adjusting on the fuel surcharge without bringing it back to you so in essence a waste management notified us you know and well the letter was dated August but it was effective June I believe to where it was that's a 14.88% increase in waste collections CPI and fuel surcharge so last year's rate increase brings you current but with the new CPI increase and the fuel surcharge you'll be having a similar conversation at next audit report unless we make an adjustment there one thing I also just want to share with you and mention is and this is just again my mythology to present you you know information to where you can make an you know informed decisions currently as you know a public worksmanage is a branch to brief pick up you know several months of the year it's once a month several months of the year it's twice a month it's pretty established program that our residents are accustomed to that expense is probably about nine eight or nine thousand dollars when we just look at the landfill cost alone that's not your market any of the you know public works labor you know or you know the transport costs or anything like that that's just the the charges from the landfill is about nine thousand a month those expenses are not being captured within the sanitation department today so I'm pointing that out there too so that way you can just know the little bit when you look at the the profit and loss statement for sanitation it's pretty cut and dry just know that it's absent the landfill expenses or any you know true accounting of the actual expenses associated with that service that's being provided the other thing I just wanted to share with you I mean I know no one likes you know pay more I know I certainly don't but one thing that I wanted to just share with you and I put it I put it on your place I copied a news article that was from the Acadian advocate Lafayette Consolidated Government did an RFP recently for a garbage contractors that RFP resulted five five proposals the the one that was selected just started November 1st it's been pretty you know documented in the news and that service was curbside recycling and curbside you know trash pick up similar to what we are accustomed to here and that that bid that the LCG accepted for the city of Lafayette it's thirty dollars and thirty two cents so I'm I'm painting that picture for you today you're at twenty three I'm not of the opinion that we go up to thirty dollars and thirty two cents I think that's a pretty that's a that's a large increase even though I'm telling you the reality is waste management just went up fourteen point eight percent with one letter to us so what's what's in the draft ordinance for you for your consideration as a result of the audit report and the the noted you know the notation there really you can you can adjust the the dollar amount as you see fit I think right now right now in the ordinance for introduction it's just twenty seven dollars happy to answer any questions about it or give you any information that you need there yes sir mr. Ramara yeah I wanted uh during the budget we were talking you were talking about it was on on the summary on the bottom left of page two and our garbage how we went from in 2021 to operating income was two ten two dollars ten cents and then went to a loss to two looks like about almost with six hundred seventy or six hundred fifty can difference is what you stated my correct on that is is that six hundred and seventy customers or enter you might know this I don't know getting a second can or is that outside of the norm like businesses or whatnot right I'm sorry I know you're directing to tell me so I just have the information oh great I'm sorry all right so um just right now we at waste management's reporting there's five hundred and seventy one residents okay that have a second can currently in your in our ordinance the second can should a resident choose to have one's at a cost of twelve dollars okay if we just look at simply if you look at simply of the new cost the the cost that we're paying today when we just look at let's see when you look at when we just simply again look at the cost of waste management's charging the city eighteen seventy nine for this is including the the the new fees I just mentioned so eighteen seventy nine plus seven twenty three for recycling so that that's not looking at any um that's that's just looking at assuming everybody's at a one you know one cart you know household so you said eighteen for one car which a price on your first car so you were so basically like assuming everybody in the city has one cart today one cart four trash one cart for recycling waste management's charging the city today twenty six dollars and two cents and I'm I'm taking it just off of there their letter that talked about the CPI and the rate adjustment so the second the second can the second can cost this ten dollars and forty one cents you know from is what waste management is charging you so I guess the in that's why I'm just without even a talking about the second can yet twenty six oh two is what waste management's charging the city of Young'sville for trash and recycling twenty six dollars and two cents our residents are paying twenty three dollars okay so for we're losing money there but and I guess my other thought was looking at opportunity yeah to gain ground is when you have this second can are we charging enough do we need to charge even more okay because it's still essentially the same service yeah just more work at each at that household yeah so the or the the introductory ordinance that you're looking at the current charge for a second can that a residence paying is twelve dollars you know in the introductory ordinance that you have that can be modified your discretion is increasing that proposed uh that that proposed charge would be fourteen dollars for that service and then just for I guess the public's you know the public's benefit we we still you know the twenty six oh two is what waste management is charging us today that's not fact that's assuming that we don't need any staff person at all to uh feel you know waste management's garbage calls garbage was missed or I need a new can you know considerable amount of those costs come here so that's why you do see you know a few other expenses within your sanitation p-n-l within the audit report you know because there is some labor that's allocated you know towards that that's the only other expense that we're coding without looking at it amarii cathans the only uh you know gotcha i mean just better perspective we're only collecting thirteen a lower thirteen grand a year for additional car right so if we don't go if we don't do the increase on the trash the one every loss would increase by how much we percent one thing one thing that I have asked waste management for uh and they've agreed to provide is their mythology behind that um the second can charge you know because um we know of course when residents call and request a second can um you know and and making sure that that we're staying uh that our accounting is is on par with you know their house count that they're charging for second cans so there has there tends to be some fluctuation um within that number so about that that that that difference you know may fluctuate each month like how many second cans are we charging for versus how many cans are there charging for that's something that um that that's something that you know there's room for opportunity there particularly if they give us their report to say hey here's the cans that we've noted you know make sure your records reflect that as well that's not going to that's not going to make a huge difference in the overall number there though I don't know what the number is but I'd definitely like to see as well upon the second can to gain some ground somewhere um just looking at it's a easy win in my opinion uh and obviously we need to go up uh which is never easy to hear especially after a whole magnolia water situation and so many people are worried about that but I think we've done a your mission your team has done a good job presenting this to us every year to year and a half and for a long time we didn't do anything we know nothing that's why we're catching up as well that's great any other I think another variable that for for when you talk about trash and sanitation the the cost to recycle is considerably more than what it once was I think that's something that also we need to factor in um you know and that that cost recycling as I as I mentioned today is $7.27 in 23 cents per house is just what the raw cost is whether or not you use in the service or not you know years ago there was there was a much greater recycling market you know overseas where recycled goods could you know there was value in it um reality is the cost for these waste companies to manage recycling now I want to say manage recycling I don't mean the logistics of picking it up you know but the the market for selling those recyclable goods unfortunately decision what it once was a couple of years ago a couple of years ago that recycling number was was less than half it wasn't that long ago we had waste connections that provided that same service and I believe it was three some for that I have to look back but I believe it was about three dollars so the cost for recycling is going up considerably and in the CPI increase which is which waste management's contract does allow them to do is what the big variable is I guess the good news is we're hearing I'm thinking and it depends on you know I'm not I don't have a prediction I have asked waste management I mean what's their expectation for CPI increase you know moving forward I mean they've been non-committal to get to let me know what that is but they confirm that you can likely expect one and that would be you know June 1st because that's the contract anniversary so I'm just guess I guess what I'm offering to you tonight is presenting you some information you know so that way you know that that doesn't at your discretion whether or not that's a service that you want to subsidize from other you know funding sources because that's what's happening today there's not one now what is the what is that current cost per can for recycling that we're the we're talking to the customers the recycling the recycling cost is that we our residents are paying $23 flat and that includes garbage curbside garbage and curbside recycling it's not differentiated it's not disrespected there now what I've seen is as the as garbage as the cost of recycling has increased consider the market for recyclables has increased I think one of the things that we can do upon our next renewal is really value eight is that a service that you want to continue providing is that a cost you want to continue providing providing what's the outlook on recycling do you think that recycle goods are going to have more of a market or you know what's what is that what does that look like and what's the pulse of the community with with regards to still wanting to have a recycling program I mean you can look around you know this is it's a new conversation for well it's our it's our conversation tonight but I can say that other government agencies are asking the same questions of their residents and of themselves about the to the extent that you want to provide a recycling service so that's something you know and that's why you're seeing other you know governments mean when at contract renewal you can look at options like eliminating that type of program you can look at drop-off programs and there's different there's different you know I'm sure they'll have I'm sure they'll have options to present and consider but keep it in mind that's likely going to be just more volume that would be picked up you know in trash cans if it if that was discontinued well then that's not my concern was I remember last year you know you and your staff and team that are really good job of trying to advocate on how to properly recycle because we were paying a pretty substantial increase in the difference because they were not recycling properly so I guess I'm just thinking about it logically I don't want to speak for obviously all residents but I can I can test that I see quite a bit of cans that are just filled with you know I'm trash and debris and recycling cans that aren't supposed to be in there so I know we're absorbing that cost and that's where the loss is I mean I don't I don't mind you know taking a little bit of a loss in in garbage but are maintaining is where about to be but if we're if we have to increase the cost at the risk of you know increasing the utility bills just so that we can absorb a greater loss later on recycling I don't know if it's going to be worth it I don't know if we that's something with the poll or something we've got more information on but I don't know I guess looking at it on a on a two to three year basis every time we review this it's we're taking a pretty substantial loss continuously on recycling and into and so waste so if we increase that it'll add us to know where that loss is going to be just something to think about Mr. Mayor I won't make a motion but my right and I know we can amend this when it gets presented for final introduction at the next meeting before I made the motion though just everybody's on the same page there's two adjustments on here and first one being the solid the base rate for solid waste item three going from 23 to 27 which is only a four dollar increase which is something that we talked about years ago about trying not to go up too too much I'm making a recommendation though with the motion that will go from 12 to 17 dollars for the additional cart which would be a five dollar difference you're looking at about 34 thousand dollars a year so I would like to make a motion if I'm my agenda on ordinance number 488-2024 to prove as is recommended with the change on item three solid waste additional cart to 17 dollars from 12 dollars all right thank you mr. Mayor um is there a second on his motion I'm just creating seconds the motion mr. created java comment man just just clarification of the roll from 23 to set to 27 oh I'm sorry on the uh I'm sorry 12 to 17 yeah one on the second caveat that was the only yeah from what was recommended to us by the administration and the mayor the only suggestion I had was going instead of 14 dollars from 12 to 17 so just an additional $3 on what they'd recommended okay and this is only going to affect people who have the second can correct you know pay a little bit more because you're getting additional usage that a way it's not affecting the people who just have one can correct paying the additional okay so right is there any council comment or any public comment any public comment yes yes ma'am we're not coming only so we can you can be on the audio miss Cox hi are you all accounting for the credit card fees that's associated with the payments for example if you know collecting $23 for waste management and the credit card fees are usually 3 to 5% is that yes part of the law that's happening that you're not accounting that in yeah that's a great question so uh so currently uh well let me let me answer it twofold so currently um if you pay in your utility bill uh with the city of youngsville um you're paying the the using a credit card you're paying just the um $23 or the you know what it's it's lumped in with water water sewer and garbage there's no convenience fee to pay with your credit card so that i'm taking a loss with that that's one of the that's noted as uh as an operational expense in the utility department we don't have that specifically charged back to sanitation but you can see that there is a charge there is credit card processing fee charge within the utility fund yeah yeah i know that hurts a lot of businesses with the credit card fees it does thank you yes great question is there any other public comment all right miss get your please call the vote all right all right um as is that ordinance will come back at the next meeting in February uh to be voted again for final adoption all right um council you have the staff reports in your packet i guess we can start by letting uh Tim review his or you can discuss with him if there's a question on his report that he's submitted for you okay um for that ys see the baseball and softball registration will close on January 19 um again we'll be the host for the girls world series this year uh bitty basketball continues until uh league play until february 4th um the tournaments coming up right here in the in the in the soon would be the marty groin vatational which is a junior college and d2 women's fast pitch softball tournament February 2nd through the 4th um our south east and sugar beach slam which is the collegiate women's beach volleyball tournament um march 15th through the 17 we've been officially awarded the conference us a women's beach volleyball conference tournament which will be April 25th through the 28th and then our marty groin mombo tournament will take place every night through the 11th uh the 10 teams playing will be the Louisiana teams will be southeastern who's the host team from Hammond Nichols from tibito ullm from Monroe uh southern from baton ruse and then the out of state teams will be university of Wisconsin from green bay was constant university of north the coda from grand forks north the coda uh provenance college from provenance road island uh eastern elenoise and charles den elenoise uta from marlington texas and the university in montana uh from mizulu uh montana rec center wise all pickable and free play continues with council and agent class is starting up again on monday and wednesdays at noon especially events coming will be the lion's club gumbo cookoff will be on saturday jenuary 20th at the ysc socket parking lot and then just an update on the dog part uh 211 large dog permits and 89 small dog permits for a total of 300 as of today all right any questions for Tim all right thank you Tim appreciated uh some moments that just was that for an announcement or java okay Pam okay no problem sure um we haven't had a whole lot of progress since december on construction of roadway from a standpoint between the holidays and weather so we are starting with our contractor on Tuesday we're going to start having weekly meetings for all of our projects since we want to we want to be kept up on all of it um with regards to fortune roundabout and roadway they have started that they've started from the brusar brusar side they've been clearing and groving um because they're going to need to put dirt on their side and then we need to remove some dirt in an area where we have to put our detention pond so they are working you just can't see them unless you go to the brusar side at this point so um so today look i mean you can tell behind sable palms like you can you can start to get a visual of where where it'll go yeah so it is it is better because we're connecting there and then come back towards doing our roundabout so and because all you drain and joy start downstream work your way up so that is why so hopefully in the next month or so you start seeing them coming back towards 89 um we had some great meetings with do2d and the apc so we're now at a point we are putting together the gmp's for concurrence with facility plan control we do have a new project manager there's a lot of people that moved around at state agencies i'm sure you know and um so we are going to um i think so the colon i for sure are going to go down there and just kind of meet the project manager and kind of give it to him in person to explain the projects thinking you know so he'll understand what's going on he is new to the agency and so here we are handing him cmr 90% concurrence on projects so hopefully if we can get concurrence then you would have the full contracts for the fortune road and 89 signed so the contractor couldn't move straight in from all of his early work he's doing into the actual final construction for those projects our detention ponds of course are complete we're doing final paperwork we do have a couple of punch list items um some a little bit of erosion on a on a concrete slab that we want them to address um so we're holding retainage for that to happen so uh but i'm sure you've noticed with the rain they've been working very well so glad to have them in place when we did um we are submitting our we have our drainage and bridge study reports to submit to for la rivier road we've working with deotd it's still scheduled for this fiscal year to start construction on la rivier uh anzalum kooley we've completed our modeling and we've gotten feedback on environmental documentation of course they want to do archeological investigations so because they want archeological investigations and um i think we have a butterfly could possibly have a butterfly issue on one of them you know how you have to check and make sure you have potential anyway in doing the environmental we're asking them for an extension on the plans because i don't want to submit plans and then have an archeological issue come up so we are doing survey so the contractor is there um i mean the surveyor is taking cross sections so basically behind route 92 all the way down anzalum to um bero so that we can have new cross sections in there but we do have six alternatives and i need to sit down with you mayor on the six alternatives with which property owners we want to start meeting with um to move forward on that but six alternatives all good all provide relatively the same benefit so it's gonna so the good thing is we have six different places that we can put the pond in um long in a road we're meeting with the different property owners in order to kind of finalize where we think the alignment's gonna be and we are scheduling a meeting with slimco for two weeks from now to talk to them about the easement kind of start talking about utilities so that we know if they're okay with our alignment on long in a road we've completed the survey for the prescott roundabout and we're at 50% uh plans with with that particular project on the prescott 92 and we are 90% complete with our survey a long 92 for your future sidewall drainage project um and that's it and then we're waiting we we are we have one more um approval from enterprise to get so that we can start on the drainage and the roadway work for valesco crest of crossing so we made it through the first tier of all those and we're getting the final sign off that they they believe everything for drainage and stuff they were actually fine with they even told us we wouldn't have to do the normal concrete bridging we have to do over the because it is very deep so we're just we're one step away from our letter of no objection to get started on valesco crossing all right yeah panel now had actually last many but how we heard the update back from uh the say legislature on how much the uh additional funds we're gonna need for young so highway when we could possibly hear back from that to the uh the additional funding so we can I know we've had a lot of lessons to ask how we're not doesn't seem like we're doing much work but I try to explain the best between the design phase and pipeline and then funding source so that's kind of the we're just kind of in limbo waiting to hear back so we did hear back so we know how much we can do for our 60% uh based on our 60% plans and the 60% GMP you have enough funding right now to do fortune to ambassador so the next um so right now they're all starting their sessions and we've told them that if there's any way that they can do an extra approval we would love to have it but if not it's gonna go through this regular legislative session to do it but that would be the next phase from fortune back to the 92 roundabout we did have a very productive meeting for some what I'm calling interim alternatives for that section to get to use some of your credits that you have from DOTD to get cash for that so that we definitely could do some sort of I'm gonna call it a repair from fortune road back or basically sable pumps back here that we could have like a patching milling and overlay in the interim while we're designing because there are so many utilities that we're working on and individual businesses we need to see but it's not gonna stop us from doing the other part the contractor on 89 while we with the GMP now that we've kind of gone through and found um funding mechanisms for some of the other projects that we have we can do and we do have enough money for for that phase so the phase that we want to do and the plans that we have you you have enough money right now for that did that push the timeline back on completion from that original point I'm assuming because I think we first started this it was like three years maybe maybe a hinge more from like beginning conversations completion and drawable I'm assuming that pushed it back to another six months to a year I would have to say probably six months but keeping in mind that when we had said like three years from that point knowing just like around about normally takes you 15 months but could take you a little bit longer because it was this so we did put some additional into that but what we said to do the whole thing all the way back down to the roundabout was gonna be close at a five years to get all of that done just because you can't close it all at the same time so you may have added six months maybe not if you end up having good weather like you had this last year then you can be surprised how much you can get done. Well again last week I mean there's I appreciate the question because there are so many move in pieces I mean to all of this the funding the plans the even when funding comes at the state level getting it through the bond commission getting the contracts approved it's it's extremely lengthy and then you know you you really need it all to be complete before you can direct the contractor like where is he starting where is he stopping recognizing like how long is they holding their price for there's just there's been a there's been a lot of variables I think the good news right now is we're taking advantage to the best of our ability or trying to leverage to our advantage to the best of our ability new new legislators and also a new administration because we have close to three million dollars and I've referred to it as monopoly money credits because we've initially taken ownership of 89 so now we have their credits but we're trying to determine how can we best apply those credits we've spent years trying to play the game of okay I have your credits thank you so that's now a young zool road we wanted we were doing young zool highway with capital outlay so we want to use those credits on another project within the city but it has to go through so many hurdles with the state in our argument is that we took it it's a city road it's our project let us do with it how we want so we were we met with representative Jacob Landry before he was already before he was sworn in just to get him up to speed on it Senator Kusonspin very knowledgeable understanding and of course as representative Boye and also our local DO TD office you know so we're trying our best to unlock those credits to apply to cash on the prod on 89 so that way it'll continuously work even if that credit is unlocked for an overlay from fortune like south to 89 because let's face it as that roads rebuilt you know you still the existing two lanes could be rebuilt could be overlaid with it if they advance if they convert those credits to cash and the administration has the ability to do it so that's what we're that's trying that's what we're leveraging and we haven't stopped design because the good part about if we were doing this design bid build you we wouldn't be at 100 percent plans but we're at 90 percent plans on fortune and we're pat beyond 60 percent plans on 89 so the contractors been given several rounds of plans and has given us prices all along so we're in a great position that while you haven't seen the construction we're still moving forward on all the other stuff the getting the the approvals moving utilities and things like that if we'd have given everything to the contract he still would have been waiting for all these utilities to get moved so like I said I think you're going to gain some traction on your timing because he's just going to have that much more information and that much more the utility things that were getting out the way while we're waiting on all of this so we didn't stop trying you know the whole time we were looking at what can we do and what can we get out of the way so that when he gets in there it's just done and you I mean it took months first just to get that poll and the AT&T stuff so a lot of people might not have seen it but he never would have been able to start out that roundabout because of that one poll that he used to have all the police cameras on so that that was several months to get that done and to get the AT&T line moved out the way and then several months working with enterprise typically a gas company will tell you it takes six months to get a permit from them but yet they won't give you the permit and won't review it till you have the plans far enough along because they're you they want like a hundred percent plans so we had the expedite plans to get them to a point to get the permit to get the permission so it's a lot of move because they're not used to see more so you know we're working with a lot of utility companies and they're you know saying hey this is what it is and changing things for them to accommodate them but again telling them the process so it does get their attention because we can't tell them we do have a contractor on board and he could dig any day now so we've kind of and we've put a lot of things on them so those two see more projects plus push and valesco crossing and you know awesome we'll be a lot of residents can be understanding and we preface we want to be as transparent as possible but we kind of get caught in the weeds have explained the details because it's of such great yeah it's of such great details so people don't really want to they don't care to hear about it because it boars in but from reality that's just the reason why the government is what it is today so we're we're moving behind the scenes but it's uh right they don't see asphalt so they don't that there are people that I think have asked questions because they don't see asphalt they don't see dirt or whatever but there's so much that has to be done before that that if you had all of the stuff moved you would have never been able to get your contractor you'd have been moving relocations getting other utility companies to do it and then you'd have designed bid build after it was all done all right thanks Pam Susan you have anything to report to the council so yeah on the waste water treatment plan upgrade and the pump station for upgrade we're awaiting the completed rate study that's underway for the water treatment plant we receive the authorization to go to bed so we're going to be setting that bid date fairly soon for the elevated tank and the water lines interconnections we're waiting awaiting that rate study and we're working on the sugar mill pond pump station upgrade so that's underway oh I think what I what I want to do and I wanted to call your earlyers I want to schedule meeting next week what I'd like to do we've been planning the water elevated storage tank and also the water treatment plan for for years now and you're ready we've had a lot of hurdles to go through no different than with Pam was this outlining permitting funding the the the affordable I mean grant you know with the latest the latest hang up just so you know to the council is we we were able to successfully compete in we're awarded a five million dollar grant for water improvements and a five million dollar grant for sewer improvements the caveat with both of those is that you have to they it's a grant but they want to make sure that your your system the feasibility of your income is sufficient to be able to operate and maintain set plant wants to give you the grant so it was so what has happened is we've now been submitted with a draft report for water and sewer it's a rate study and the draft report I mean just to throw it out there is basically a $1,300 impact fee for new connections to water I'm not talking about a resident moving in or out I'm talking about new development new construction new development so we're talking about development costs not you know buying a new house in an existing neighborhood so with their draft report is this $1,300 for a water impact fee and I'm sorry you just told me the sewer one I think it was 1700 1700 for for sewer so while we're reviewing that draft report I think it's also incumbent on us now that we have a new CFO we have some new internal staff I want to regroup with you just to review the project and to also review you know like the scope of the project the benefit of the project the expected OPC and then also the you know the debt service on that project just so we can kind of you know in the room come to the same agreement you know with with not not specific I mean we look at the end of the day if we have to accept you know a $1,300 water connection fee and a $1,700 sewer connection fee for new development from a certain date forward that may be the cost of doing business because and we're evaluating that because reality is that's $10 million in grants that are on the line to receive those funding even if we put this hypothetically this water plan out to bid what I want to make sure what I want to what I want to make sure about the water plan is hypothetically if it came in under budget you may say well you don't need the grant but the reality is what you still want to accept $5 million grant regardless of what the bid price is on the water plan so I think we need to have just a little bit of a conversation internally you know just so we can I can get on your team players up to speed you know on that and then also you know with regards to like the I mean this has been a progressive project no different than you know building a road I mean we've drilled we have three new deep water wells that we can't use full throttle at our existing plan there's a second component which is an elevated storage tank on in our southern city limits that will help boost and strengthen the LUS purchase system we operate two systems here so I want to just review kind of both of them you know what was the goal when you know how we're accomplishing and how is that relative to our current rate of growth today is this all started with the growth study yes that's where five years ago yeah maybe so I think it's just incumbent upon and we can do this pretty quickly I'm just talking about like an internal workshop where we can get up to get up to speed on it is the water sectors ask that we've met all we've met all hurdles now they're asking us to bid the project within 30 days so that's what I wanted to convey to you today sure sure yeah and yeah and they want our comments on their rate study so I think we all need to be on the same page as to how we want to go forward and what we do want to do with regard to the rates absolutely yeah okay all right any questions for Susan all right are there any are there any other staff or council comments our announcements yes sir oh oh I'll come back to you Miss Creed all right mr. Boljana yes I do not have anything in great detail in reference to what I'm gonna I guess convey our far-riding report came back we did maintain a class terrain it was a higher class to read them what we previously we previously were four years ago chief revets gonna be working with the rating team the deals with the rates is to find out exactly you know where where the areas that we can grow and critique in I'm sure he'll be able to report back to you with some of those findings and whatnot so for the homeowners say your your homeowners insurance rates from the far side will not have an increase not to say they want a decrease but as far as they should stay flat and remain the same and then we're gonna continue to obviously diligently work to improve that rating to to lower those rates down over the next few years till we get rated which will get rated for four years so awesome I didn't I didn't year so that's great maintaining a class theory but improving the class three I think is a theme it's a great spot to be right now yeah and thanks to the obviously the tax base in the city the increase of a new I've not just a new apparatus but more or less the manpower in the stations and then the hydrants that the I've written the water lines was the main thing so all three of those were the big proponents of keeping that class three so awesome good to know this is great this one is an announcement from on behalf of the chamber leadership youngsville applications did open up yesterday and they are going to be accepted until March 8 so each application in all right thank you misscree class five that's very exciting so we welcome we welcome everyone to to sign up to be more active and learn more about the leadership program all right any other announcements all right is there a motion to adjourn councilman Ramara give an announcement yeah just real quick oh we still have another meeting but we're going to do our annual keeping youngsville beautiful on Saturday February 17th which is always the Saturday after mortigirl it'll be at we'll convene at sugar beach complex sets us up Angie's already got everything on the website Facebook all that so we've already got about a dozen people who've signed up just in the last three four hours so great job and it's open to any community group individual resident business owner to come participate wonderful thank you all right all right misschampagne makes a motion to adjourn is that a second all right second by miss boras all in favor all right meeting adjourn thank you all so much have a great evening