should be clear. The forms, the building should be small scale, vertical proportions, and encouraged mixed-use buildings. So, that if we have retail on the first floor, is someone living on the second floor, that's perfect. That's ideal. The examples I'll show you, the photograph on the left is Nakatish, Louisiana. That's a stretch, okay? That's not tomorrow, that's not even next year. But, wouldn't it be great to have our street that engage that active? The photo on the right is something I pulled off of Google, and I think it was labeled a coffee shop. That's doable. That's doable, right away. Another example of an architectural code, these are two hotels. The one on the left belongs to your Naina State Highway, or four lane highway. The one on the right is designed to fit, I call it a boutique hotel, so it would fit in a downtown setting. The forms, the materials, the parking is hidden. The other architectural code that I would hope that we can develop is one that addresses residential. Those are the streets that we're talking about tonight, the avenues A, B, and the one by false to park. Really ripe for residential development. Some of the same rules would apply, but again residential oriented, on site parking. For enough cars for the residents who live there and for visitors, on site parking. I can't say that enough. There's really not fair for a development to happen and then to use the street as parking. Now, is that going to happen on occasion? Yeah. You know, it happens at my house on Christmas when I have the big extended family couple. Okay. Does it have a never weekend note? So, so on site parking is critical. The parking in the rear or the side of the building, the large doors should not face the front. Should face the side or the rear. Materials, all the materials before 1940, muted colors, clear glass, the forms, pitch roof, vertical proportions, front porches, I can't say that enough. Really critical. Really important. And ticket pencils. So, here's a few examples. All of these are. You know, with it, they would fit in that neighborhood. They would enhance. What would they do to adjacent property owners? Raised adjacent property owners. That's that's the goal. You know, is to raise their adjacent property owners. Be kind to your friend. Be kind to your neighbors. You know, back in the. In the old days, my grandparents days when people lived in this kind of neighborhood close together. I remember when I was growing up, our next door neighbors weren't related to us, but they felt like family. You know, when my dad was a contractor and the house we lived in was very well built. And so whenever there was a hurricane, the neighbors from across the street would come over. It was almost fun. I mean, you know, we dreaded the hurricane. You could barely hear it on