 Good evening everyone and welcome. It's Thursday February 8th. The time is 6 p.m. We welcome you to the February meeting of the Youngso City Council in Mayer. For our opening, I would ask Pastor Joe Kormey from First Assembly Youngsoville to lead us in the invocation. And if you please remain standing, our pledges this evening will be led by Councilwoman Shampon. Pastor, welcome sir. Thank you so much. Such an honor to be here as always. Just take a moment and read from Psalm 133. It says, behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we thank you for just the spirit of unity that you're bringing into our city. Lord, as we just discuss your business and the business of this city, the business of its citizens. Lord, I pray that today that we can keep the best interest of everyone in our minds as we decide and make decisions in this meeting today. Lord, I pray that over this weekend, the festivities that are coming, Lord, I just pray that you just keep our citizens safe, that you protect them, that you keep our public officials in your hands and in your care. Lord, for all of our families that you let them grow closer together as they grow closer to you. And finally, Lord, we just thank you for just the blessings and prosperity you've poured out upon Young'sville and upon its citizens. Lord, I pray that you continue to bless us and that we continue to have thankful hearts as we remember everything that you've done for us. And we pray all these things in the name of Jesus. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic, which stands combination under God and individual liberty to us. Thank you so much, Pastor. Ms. Gidry, please call the God the roll. Ms. Barest, here, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Marrow, Ms. Cre, here, Ms. Shampine, here. All right, thank you, Nicole. Before I begin, I just want to acknowledge our school board members here with us today, Jeremy Hodago. Welcome, sir. We're happy to have you with us. And then also our representative Pierre representing Mayor President Boulay. So welcome. We're happy to have you here. He's Mayor President Boulay's new municipal affairs liaison. So looking forward to work continuing to work with you. So nice to see you. Right, agenda item 3.1, Chief Lou Viers asked to recognize a couple of his Young'sville police officers chief. I'll turn it over to you, sir. Thank you very much, Mayor. It's important to me to let our city know our council know everybody know how great our guys do. They go out there every day. They bust their butts for us for our citizens to make sure we're safe. And whenever they go above and beyond and do these things, I want to make sure they recognize for the time, the efforts and the things that they do for us and our citizens. That being said, I have two letters of the combination that were written on two different cases that we have a couple of them couldn't be with the tonight. The first and I'm going to read or two of officers that are here on December 22, 2023. Officer Scott Closio, Clay Dirk and Isaiah Rochon were dispatched at 200 block of value road in two impossible burglary and progress. They responded quickly and tactically to the area coordinating a perimeter and attempt to keep the suspects contained during the course of the investigation officers gave chase to the suspects and after several minutes were able to take both suspects and custody. The shifts determination coordination and teamwork made them successful while it would have been easy to just take the report in the case and allow the suspects to escape these officers took pride in their department and their city to push through and pursue these suspects that plague our neighborhoods every day. That's why I kind of dedication and work ethic that make our department stand out. So I'm very proud to have these guys with us tonight. I'm having a certificate for both of you if you can come up real quick. Thank you. I have one more officer Clay Dirk couldn't be with the tonight and also officer tired or see this is first not here this evening but we'll be given to her later time. On December 6, 2023 officer tired or see was attempting to book a burglary suspect that was arrested by a previous shift during her time with the suspect she was able to build rapport and utilize her interview and interrogation techniques to obtain information that was vital to the ongoing investigation. Due to officer Dorsey's persistence and perseverance she was able to provide detectives with information that may have otherwise not been discovered and led to leads on other cases. Officer Dorsey is not only an asset to the Youngsville Police Department but to the whole city of Youngsville. Her willingness to always go above and beyond as well as her selfless service to this community encapsulates with Youngsville Police Department strives to accomplish on a daily basis. We appreciate everything that she does and we're going to keep doing this for you guys and making the city safer. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you chief appreciate the feedback and recognize in the officers. The gin item 3.2. I'm proud to have our superintendent of the life of a parish public school system here with the see here with us this evening to provide an update on matters within the school district. So if you please help me welcome Mr. Francis to Shay. I'm to my fellow person that I've known what back in my day Mr. Waiter all. First of all mayor and council. The purpose of me being here not only for representing the school system is to extend that moving forward. I can assure you that Lafayette parish school system will be good partners with you moving forward. I was in a different position and I saw a lot of you had our different meetings and I'm going to apologize. I'm truly going to apologize for some of the things that took place in the past. That is not what good partners are as far as government is concerned. We should always remember that we should be working together as a community and most importantly we should be working together to make sure that our kids are in the right place. I will tell you that I always lead by example. I am with my team in schools. This particular year we have been into 244 schools giving feedback to teachers and administrators. I am in 75% of my time as in schools. And I put myself in this position that number one safety is the priority for this administration. Number two is having well discipline schools. And number three and the one thing that I can tell you that is probably the most troublesome of all is that we don't have kids that go to school consistently. We don't have adults that go to work consistently. I say that to you is because education is the key to any government, any municipality. And it is something that I really as the superintendent of schools wants to lead by example by coming and provide you with updates. This is a source of subject and this is something that I really want you to all know that I am going to repair and I am going to make sure that I work with the mayor and U.S. City Councilman is moving forward. Regardless of what board members did in the past, regardless of what has happened as far as decisions made at the table. We need to move forward and I say that to our board members every day that there are kids, regardless of what happened seven years ago, eight years ago, that knows nothing about all of those things. And we need to, we need to think about kids. And that is what I am going to say to you is that last night, and believe it or not, we met with some of some resistance from some of the community members about when we brought this up and just just reminded us of past sins that we created. And things that I, I assure them that behind the scenes, I worked with your board member. I worked with all of those board members because I did not want any objections to what happened last night. It is a 3.5 million dollar to where we're going to build that turf field at Southside. We're going to get those lights there. We're going to make sure that there is one of those big scantron videos that you can actually go to UL and see that's going to be that face to I am working behind the scenes that will include a track. It will include bleachers. It will include the various things as far as additional bathrooms, concession stands, et cetera. And I can assure you that if the things that are happening on the north side of town, or whether it's happening on the east side of town, it should be happening every single place in Lafayette Parish. The citizens of Youngsville contribute to the taxpayer dollars that we receive. You should get your fair share just like everyone else. And I say that to you is because it's not about just talking about it. I can promise you I'm a man of action. I'm a man that will deliver on these different things. I will make sure that the citizens of Youngsville see that what is due to them they're going to get. So again, moving forward, I will always come here and I will acknowledge that. Hey, education, parents have choice. I'm a person I believe in choice. I'm a public school person and I believe in choice. I talk to our team all the time. It's about competition. It's about strapping it up and it's about let's get the game going. And we have to compete. We have to do what we have to do. And that means we compete with facilities. We compete with what's going on in schools. And I can tell you we will compete. We will make sure that the kids in those schools in Youngsville get what's deserving of them. Again, I can't do this without board member support. I will tell you that Mr. Jeremy, her dog is a champion for this community. He is a person that again, he works in behind the scenes too. He is a guy that is negotiating with different board members. He's someone that he knows that we have to do it's right. So I can't take all the credit. I can tell you that those guys give me guidance and they tell me what I need to do as far as moving forward. So again, I want to thank him. I want to thank this entire school board that has dedicated what they said they were going to do. But more importantly, there's more to get done. There's more that we have to do. We will deliver on these actions again. The mayor has my cell number. Some of you have my cell number. You can call me any single day. You can call me about anything that we can do to kind of help because again, I'm going to end with this. I apologize. I apologize to you. I remember I was in those meetings. That should not have happened. We're going to move forward. We're going to work together. We're going to make sure that our partnership is what it's all about. Thank you, Mayor. Superintendent, I'm inspired every time I hear you speak since you've since you've been appointed. I've met you on your campuses. Well, actually before and when you were the intern and then also most recently. I know where your heart is. Your hearts with the kids and education and it's been a pleasure to develop our relationship. And I know that it'll only get stronger. So thank you for what you're doing to serve. The life of our school system that is a 30,000 students that are in your care and all the facilities. But we appreciate it. And I can tell you I know that we have a partner in education with you as a superintendent. So thank you for coming to to to be to open the dialogue even broader than you and I have done so far. So thank you. Mr. Ramirez. Yeah, Superintendent. I'll say this might be the first time a superintendent has been in front of us in the 10 years I've served. It takes a lot to come up and take the licks for prior administration and prior. But I think it ended the day. The fact that you are more than willing to work with your board, but you're more willing to work with the other elected officials and leaders within communities is huge. It doesn't matter how we get to finish line. The fact that you're getting us toward that finish line is phenomenal. I've heard nothing but good things. Kudos to yourself, Jeremy. The other board members who've pushed this. I talked to a couple of them today and it's much appreciated. So thank you. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Councilman Shampa. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I'd like to thank you all so superintendent to shit. I've known you for quite a few years prior to you being superintendent. I've been superintendents when you were with the Department of Education as well as principals. And you always he always means what he says and he does what he says. So I want to thank you for being here tonight. We know our children are in good hands and our parish and welcome to the city of youngsville and our parish. We look forward to seeing more of you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm John Ponder. All right. It's in the item 4.1. It's approval of January 11, 2024 regular meeting minutes. Motion by Mr. Romero and a second by Mr. Volgiano. Any council comment? Any public comment? Right. The schedule. Please call the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. Thank you, Council. 5.1 approval of the December 2023 finance report. Motion by Mr. Volgiano and a second by Mr. Romero and a council comment. Any public comment? Yes sir, please come on. Yes, I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. So you have a comment first. Yeah, just comparing from December to January. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr Ross. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I white red chief Cody. Budget wise it looks like we're still having issues of getting our officers some more money and I would like to know what we're going to do to try to help our officers get more money and more life insurance. Trying to get that figured out as I understand there's possibly some type of unity between the mayors and some chief of police that there might be a way to keep our officers down. Is that an accurate statement because that's what I'm getting back from the field for the people that I talked to that you guys have an unwritten rule of where to start people how to and how they work through the system. Is that something that I'm right about wrong about? Have you all talked with other mayors or chief of police about the amount of money that we're paying our officers try to keep everybody on even kill. I'm not aware of what you're talking about recently I will say that a couple years ago there was a plan that was put together by all the chiefs to increase starting pay and there was paid plans that were put together at that time and the council at that time did adopt one in accordance with exactly what was presented from the chief of police then but any type of recent discussion I'm not familiar with it. Okay anything from you by chance? No I'm not familiar with anything remotely on that page and I am I'll tell you I am still looking at pay and looking at those pay scales and making sure they're where we need to be and see what we can do with that. So I am looking at it. If I made to your first question this is our current budget for the fiscal year that we're currently and our projection was a 4% increase we're currently trending about 1% or just shy of 1% up so we're not we're we're not trending to our full projection at this time it's not unusual I mean it's a project a budget is a projection but I mean part of part of our opportunity now is to look at expenses to make sure that we deliver profit and loss statement at the end of the fiscal year that's within the acceptable margin. Are we going to be putting any more projects where we'll be pulling monies out of the general fund you know mending the budgets and things like that in the future since we are behind on that basically 3% there nothing no new initiatives currently that I'm aware of sorry okay thank you all right thank you mr okay all right there was a motion say is there any other public comment all right you have a motion a second misgidry please call for the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right thank you council other business 6.1 is to consider mending the 2023 2024 Young's will police department budget in the amount of $33,000 to facilitate funding for security system upgrades at the 304th Street facility have a motion by council member Mayor Pro Temmer Mero and there's a second by mr. Bolziano any comment from either gentleman yeah all right mr. Mero yeah I had a conversation with our CFO Catherine of money is there and if I was reminded about this in the report we got back from the sheriff's office some of these items were in there I know chief Olivier this is some of the things that you brought up during the interview process yeah so I think it's great that you know so quickly moving on this to especially for the minimal amount yeah all right thank you mr. Mero mr. Bolziano yeah chief appreciate you giving us a heads up and talking to this office this is something we want to get taken care of as quickly as possible what did you have a timeline if if approved and I don't have like what that would look like on get that all I've already got the three quotes this was the lowest obviously awesome just to give everybody just kind of a heads up what we're talking about I'll explain in a little more detail our fourth street office is our basically a necessary patrol building right that's where we keep our cars our evidence and our patrol guys do your day-to-day functions along with their supervisors that building in essence houses the outside of the exterior the building houses our cars since then since I've come in I found money to fix the gate automatic gate we have to make sure our cars are secure it keeps that exterior the building secure but the interior of the building at this point you know we don't have any access to who comes in and out of the building really if they have keys our camera system our DVR only records for about an hour and it overrides itself so it's useless to us if we have any issues and then our evidence room we had to expand due to the amount of evidence which we need camera systems to watch all that stuff so that's what this is and even before the sheriff's office for key might have stuff that all my initial walk through I was noticing that these were issues but yeah so it's immediately ready to go I have the contracts drawn up from the company ready to be signed and ready to move on it awesome thanks Chief Brigitte thank you all right is there any other council comment or any public comment okay if there's no public comment Miss Giddjerk please open the boat all in favor motion approved all right thank you Chief and Council I did see officer Dirk walk him briefly and he slipped out again so if he was one of the ones that I know our chief wanted to compliment this evening so if I do see him walk back in if you all allow me to I mean okay yes okay yes I'll just work with him if I do see him come back in I'll I'll I'll interrupt you guys and give the chief the opportunity to give us all an opportunity to commend officer Dirk's all right resolution 7.1 resolution 202402 to resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute for and on behalf of the city of Youngso the parish of Lafayette Louisiana and active substantial completion from Griner drilling services incorporated contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for what water well number nine so motion by Mr. Boljana second by Miss Jean-Pine certainly council comment right is there any public comment we can hear from Susan during her report if you'd like I can say this is the this is the final well we now have three is it fair to say deep water wells yeah so we have three water wells they're currently are able to service our water plant but as you know the water plants 50 years old so we really can't max can't really see the full potential of these wells until we move forward with building our new water plant these three wells really have complete have replaced over the years much shallower wells that were surrounding the previous city hall at 305 and then also the previous police department property so this is a huge milestone this is the property on East Parkwood so the ones on East Parkwood that's number nine and then the other two are what's known as the horse arena site which is going to house our future water plant that we've been in talks with you about in in our final design phase so all right is there any public comment all right no public comment the schedule please call the vote to to accept the resolution all in favor motion approved all right thank you mischidry ordinances for final adoption tonight there's one agenda item 8.1 is amended ordinance 4882024 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville Louisiana amending section 24 23 rates established prescribing the rates charges and deposits for water sewerage solid waste and recycling service accounts service by the city of Youngsville Louisiana okay there's a motion by councilmember Boljano and a second by Mrs. Councilman Barres is there any council comment any public comment or discussion all right hearing no mischidry please call for the vote all in favor motion approved all right thank you council we'll go ahead and move into staff announcements Susan since we were talking about water you want to maybe to to yourself to start that conversation perhaps so we're in the process of doing some changes to the water treatment plant designed to decrease the size of the building and and take away some architect architectural features to kind of decrease the cost of the the project and so we've asked for an extension to go to bed on this job and we're just awaiting the water sector committee approving that the rest of it we're looking at some changes for the the upgrade of pump station for on Iberia Street how we can reduce the cost of that as well as the wastewater treatment plant upgrade you know trying to save some money where we can there and the rest of it we're working on the Sugar Mill Pond upgrade which will involve a new force main apparel all force main to the existing force main so we're working with Robert Dagle and those people to site where that new force main will go and then we'll design the pump station upgrade so that's all in the works okay so any questions for Susan relative to her report all right will we appreciate it I know that we appreciate you working with us to control the cost a minute it's no surprise to everyone the cost of construction has gone up you know considerably over the last couple of years so even though we've been in plans and in planning and design for several years on our new water treatment facility we really felt it was incumbent upon us to really scrub the design the best that we could small lower the footprint and really reassess what those needs were for the water treatment plant for the public's benefit I know I've told the council is aware of this but our water treatment plan when we do go out to bed which now we've asked for an extension to the end of March the benefit of our water treatment plan is that it will quadruple our daily production of water the idea is that it'll lessen our dependency on our LUS wholesale water purchases the majority of us in this room and the majority of our residents are LUS wholesale water customers since the master city's master plan and before that time we've known that in order to continue growing that we would have to make some decisions relative to water and the decisions that were made was to continue drilling wells which we've just completed our third one those enable us to produce more water with quadruple in our daily production our goal is to lower the currently 1.3 million gallons of water that we're purchasing wholesale today and increase the 220,000 gallons of water that we're making today and that way we can be in essence in charge of our own destiny but it's largely over largely related to our ability to continue growing but as you know over the past year we've had some severe weather issues drought we had a we had an interesting drought where there was some water pressure issues across a lot of water systems the LUS wholesale system was not immune from that and then also more recently the freeze those are variables that have affected our system further I think emphasizing the need that we need to be finalizing the plans to move forward but when we do move forward with those plans it's going to be in a scrub down version of the original initial design but still achieve the same goals to where we can produce more water and purchase less so we appreciate you working with this because I know you were very close to the finish line so look forward to bringing more conversations to the council about that topic soon so all right thank you Susan okay so on the roadway improvements we are milling and overlaying right now in both field crest and devinway most of the milling has finished we did have to do a couple more patches but the weather provided we should be finished with overlay I'm thinking by in the next week maybe beginning of the following I know we have the holiday I think they're planning on working Monte Grau day you know if weather's good because I'm gonna be around so there's you know with our parade being on Saturday in fact I even told them that after the roads close I didn't have a problem with them overlaying if that's what they needed to do in on on devinway you know in devinway if they wanted to do it just to kind of get away they can't overlay on field crest I'm very well over it yeah no it's not but they haven't asked but if that was I know last year we did have a detention ponds working while we were all doing the Monte Grau parade because the contract had worked on on the Saturday the Seymour projects so Glilagia did start moving some of their dirt to where the road would be started removing top soil of course we got hit with a two inch rain so we also got to a GMP for both projects for what we're calling phase one so phase one again going back to the funding the mayor talked about between funding and what you guys have in priority one with capital outlay your phase one a fortune road will be your roundabout and the road extending to Fairfield with Rousard your phase one A is now going on 89 is still fortune road but two heart to farm so based upon your funding we're gonna get as far as heart to farm it's actually not fortune-route I'm sorry it's from Sable Palms Road just south of Sable Palms all the way to heart to farm and then we'll transition phase one B already designed soon as your funding comes in with the next capital outlay bill then that that's already designed and ready to go and so we're now trying to finalize a couple of things there so that we can start working on phase two design with those two projects so the we are waiting on concurrence from capital from facility plan control Nicole and the mayor and I did talk to we have a new project manager but he said it is his top priority since he knows a contractor is actually on site we're currently working on your letters for funding sources to move some money to pay for the tractor roundabout expansion so that those plans are done to improve that roundabout and so we you do have some funding with the MPO that was originally 489 that we want to move for that tractor roundabout construction so a writing the letters that allows you to transfer it and also to get funding for milling and overlaying phase two of highway 89 while we're doing the ultimate widening design and then grant funding for highway 92 that's already designed for construction through the race program that was part of the transportation infrastructure bills or whatever bipartisan infrastructure bill what was formerly long and a road the south east west core corridor we're working with the property owners we have a pretty good alignment set now we're working with the property owners to see if everybody's amenable to start working to appraisals for purchasing property you do have funding in facility plan control for the purchase of right away and for design and you know in talking with the guy from facility plan control he said and kind of gave Nicole and I a couple of recommendations on buttons we can press and forms and stuff so that they recognize it's moving forward so that they don't just give us money for a year so they give us the construction dollars moving forward so it was some good advice press got 92 roundabout moving forward with our preliminary plans and Anselam Cooley we're doing some additional work that they requested on the environmental assessment and completing the survey for the preferred site perfect I couldn't help it looks to hit it representative Pierre because we've we've come full circle of we went before his committee when he was the chairman of the of the house transportation committee to get Seymour approval for these same projects and so still working on but what would maybe have interest to you representative and then also to my colleagues here I know two of our council colleagues went to the I guess it's still called the DOTD road show is that the right DOTD road show was today yes so council members Creed and Barra's went on behalf and I know DAX was there to representing fence to make or but what councilman Barra spoke on behalf of the city for was really we have $3 million of road transfer credits that we accepted to take ownership of Youngso highway initially so to state road we had a lot of different grant funding source opportunities of the one that seemed to be the most viable path was capital outlay dollars so that's the path we went in order to get ownership of it so we could move forward with it we accepted road transfer credits those are in essence you know the way I describe them just to myself or it's monopoly money because you still have a lot of limitations but how and where you can use them so as Pam's going through the litany of other projects you know as you know we've been designing the tracked around about for improvements to veterans around about for improvements long-lane road extension all these things we're trying to plug in the various funding sources because sales tax and sales tax bonds and cash on loan aren't going to get us there I'm reminded that we have three million dollars of road transfer credits and the only reason we're doing the capital outlay project on Youngso highway because we're fixing a former state road so now with a new administration new transportation secretary our ask I believe is a simple one and that is hey we have a C-more project we have a contractor that's mobilized we have we have phase I'm sorry priority one money that's made it through the bond commission we know what our total dollar amount is we have the match we're waiting on concurrence of the contract so everything stepped in place and what we're asking our legislative delegation the new secretary and the new administration is can we unlock at least part of those three million dollars in road transfer credits so it's what I call monopoly credits can we unlock part if not all of them to cash to where we can apply that to continue on our next phase of Youngso highway which would be from fortune road stable palm south to the intersection where we are today the challenge has been we've tried to play the textbook game of use those road transfer credits on eligible roads the issue in Youngsoville is there's really not eligible roads in which to use them yes we could use them on Youngso highway but Youngso highway would have required the Department of Transportation to have been part of the design but we've already now have it designed so there's some there's some levels of bureaucracy to go through there but we believe that it's the best use of taxpayer dollars whether it's the state or our local taxpayer dollars to can we work out a settlement if you will on these road transfer credits because we have a contractor that can continue if nothing else to do a mill and overlay of Youngso highway from like stable palms you know towards copperfield to which we can build on the exterior lanes and a future capital outlay project so appreciate Shannon and Jamie gone and conveying that on our behalf today that's also what our administration with Pam's help has conveyed to our our new legislators the local DOTD office did say that they would be in support of it and that they would tee it up with the new secretary so we're optimistic that we'll continue to get that level of support because our belief is that there's projects that that are in the queue that may not be able to actually go through funding we're part of our three million dollars and credits could be slid in therefore applied to the Seymour project as an amendment and we get to continue seamlessly on Youngso highway without just depending on solely capital outlay so any help would be appreciated yes so did I yes you did convey that and I mean I honestly think you're the three million dollars just so everybody knows when they did part of that three million when you took it was based upon how they calculated the when they were gonna you started this road transfer with highway 89 in 2012 under Wilson's administration so when they calculated from your first road transfer it was based on those dollars so I believe you've already given them a very good bargain because I can assure you you can't do anything in 2024 that you could do in 2012 for 1.8 million dollars so we've deaf the good thing is this was the first and we had a meeting several weeks ago and it was the first time the guy in Baton Rouge actually agreed that he had seen his jump through enough hoops that he in fact is also going to support that we have run out of options I mean and it's not because he didn't try everything he could and we're just like we're at a point now that the longer you do it the three million dollars is going to be like not even having anything and that's not the spirit of which the city took on this road and and I and I can't say with everything else we've seen from all the other agencies and just the short 40 days payment to communities and getting money to communities and everything else has been a hot button of this administration all the way across from GoSet and also office of community development and and everything we're here it they've all been instructed by the governor like people need to be paid communities need to be paid within 30 days and so they're trying to unlock the money because of course what's best for sales tech community recovery for anything then to start getting infrastructure so we have seen a huge trend in working with different project managers across all the state agencies in the last 40 days I'll just say that I've probably seen more responsiveness than ever in my 30-year career of doing work in Louisiana. All right any questions for Pam or any concerns? All right thank you Pam Tim since the microphone's already on there you want to just go ahead yes thanks Mayor our baseball and softball registration closed will be having player evaluations on Saturday February 17th Bitty basketball regular season ended and now they'll be moving into all store play. Southside soccer has started practice here and at Foster Port and they will start game their game weekends on the 17th of February. We've completed the morning growing rotational this past weekend with 23 you know Juco and D2 women's fast pitch teams and of course the Mordegro Mamba alternative will take place this weekend the only game change so far is southeastern and University of Wisconsin from Green Bay is playing tonight at seven because they traveled so far they want to make sure that their Sunday game would be played tonight. So there's single day tickets and weekend passes and you can get on our website youngzo sports complex.com you know for tickets for the tournament. Perfect all right thank you so much. Let's see Dax is stewing no no pressure obligation we have your report but if you'd like to. Okay the question. The sports complex there's been a significant and stewards here with J.V. Muton a significant amount of workers out there there's been a lot of concrete placed over the last three weeks we were waiting for this time just a quick note a lot of the steel is going to be coming in it takes a long lead time so we've I think in two weeks we're going to get the steel in so we can start building the concession structure all the light poles have been coming in so you'll start seeing the light poles going up and so it's going well it's gonna right now we're projected to be late spring early summer that's been the conversation there's been a lot there's a lot of concrete in the amphitheater already so it's it's coming alive so that's it any questions. Yeah we are just for the public's benefit we are now seeking sponsorships for this new phase of the sports complex pickleball courts I think we're down to one of the two fields amphitheater that we also have sponsorship opportunities still on the inclusive playset so just throwing that out there because these are new opportunities if for anyone that has been previously interested for sponsorships at the at our set original 78 or site that may not have had the opportunity yet so Tim's office is handling that so. All right thank you. Thank you thanks appreciate it. Chief in the Jevonny thing. Good thank you. All right appreciate it. Let's see anyone else on my team Terry or set that all right but any council enough. Yes miss. It's you mayor. I'm so glad the superintendent and our school board members stayed tonight because I wanted to not only thank the mayor but acknowledge the fact that I was able to honor and humbled to be able to participate in school garden initiative this weekend with green tea lending and they were awesome first graders of course I was a little nervous when they picked up the knife but they were pros they were pros I tell you green tea lending guy desk organized and Ernest got that made a very good showing but if someone has never been to the garden initiative what it is is the students have their own gardens behind their schools so they use those garden items to cook and green tea cooked fried chicken tenders which they didn't grow but maybe one day maybe I don't know if the city will let them have chickens but they did the fried chicken and as well as they had a delicious green being casserole with all of that they grew their own basil and garlic and everything it was it was really really awesome and I was so proud of them and so proud to be a part of it is a great initiative the school board actually sponsors a part of it also and green tea lending and Ernest got that super talented kids that's all I can say I want to give them a big round of applause even though they're not here tonight other thing is I was I was very honored to be able to attend a ceremony this week the milken awards they were forgiven out in the state of Louisiana one went to a wonderful teacher and Johnston Hopkins Elementary in New Iberia her name is Christine Bayard I wanted to make sure we acknowledge her tonight because she is a resident of Young'sville she's a math teacher at Johnston Hopkins Elementary she's a resident of Young'sville and her children that actually one of them was in the Gordon initiative her little first grade at Liam on a Saturday wonderful family this award is it acknowledges excellence in education and they only do maybe 40 a year and it came with a $25,000 award that she can use however she likes but she now becomes a team of the milken milk and foundation which is leadership in teachers so I think it's awesome and and I hope we get acknowledged miss Bayard be in a resident of the city of Young'sville absolutely it was it was awesome please invite her to come by I think it was last year the year before I don't recall I'm almost certain green tea linden head and educator that was awarded the same where they they come in and it's that they there's an assembly and they award them at the assembly so it was yeah they come out of Los Angeles it's a foundation our Los Angeles very cool to milken low milken and it was awesome and he energized all the kids you know he made them participate in the program it was really a good good thing to see and even more wonderful that is one of our residents that received the award absolutely yeah alright thank you miss champagne Mr. Bullgey on it yeah it's two things I'll piggyback a little bit off of a customer miss champagne to our superintendent to shed and a school member did I'll go I really want to appreciate you guys for getting this accomplished the sound of a huge win for Young'sville but really for the the south side of a cadiana for Bruce R. Milton Young's included not only to have our kids play at a stadium right here in Young'sville and have that that home filled advantage and you know create memories for our students that last a lifetime but we're also going to keep our sales tax dollars right here and life a parish that's going to be a huge huge win for us so thank you all for that for that and kudos to you all for getting that done works out to see the director and have our team play at home secondly just want to wish all of our residential residents good luck this set tomorrow Saturday for the parade we can't wait to see everybody out there our team here public works and PD has been a tremendous amount of work and and mayor and staff on getting this parade organized and put together so excited to have another record-breaking year Young'sville and obviously we don't wish our safety for our first responders out there keeping our parade going safe and hope you have a great time that clock you've been somewhere before speaking I'm already raw I was oh well I'm not uh... cheap blue beer you have the floor sir you come up real quick don't sit down congratulations officer dark we're all so proud of you thank you keep up the great work speaking of Marty Groves you know of course we have we're proud to have our two-marti-grove crews in Young'sville but I was also you know just paying attention to a lot of things through social media this past couple of weeks and we have several other people several other residents that are part of mark Marty Grove royalty that I just want to acknowledge because if you've never been in a Marty Grove crew which I have not it is very it's very very expensive to do so that is such a commitment so I want to just start by acknowledging of course our oldest Morti Grove crew crudays on me Michael and Holly Williams are King and Queen crew lobby due as Michael Crowell Jennifer Perron I want to congratulate those are two young'sville crews as everyone knows and then three other crews crew do wide load our king the king this year is Jared bro he's a resident here in Young'sville the mystic crew of Iberians is Dr. Chris Feldman is the king this year and he's our resident here in Young'sville and the mystic crew of Apollo the king and queen are both residents of Young'sville King J. Frost and the Queen Kevin door so we think I think of Marty Grove and a bubble thinking in terms of our Marty Grove parade and working with the team and how to execute that but I'd be remiss if I didn't take the opportunity just to congratulate our residents along with Miss Champons thought about all the other great things that are happening and the members of the community that are contributing so much to their organization so congratulations to each of you let's see Chief did you yeah see Chief do you sir please almost forgot Morti Grove guys for bed how do we do that I just look I want to thank everybody we worked hard we put our heads together from from the council the mayor public works you guys have done a great job to get everything set up my deputy chief gave time so we're recognizing he's put a lot of tireless hours into this again it together we have the most police officers this year that we've ever had worked in which I think he's going to be phenomenal for the city keep everybody safe our intersection safe our participants and not only our participants and citizens but the people that come and visit for this parade so I think it's gonna be a good time for all exercise safety we help everybody with whatever you need and I think it's gonna be good weekend all right thank you Chief we're looking forward to it and Mr. Ramara yeah just two things I'll piggyback off of what you said kudos to your staff your administration all the people behind the scenes Terry your people Chief fire department it doesn't go and recognize how much of a pain in the butt to put a mortigaw parade on is y'all make it look seamless y'all really have I think I feel before going into it found a great balance of what we're all needing moving forward I'm sure what things to change there always is change but y'all listen to the people you'll listen to everybody y'all went all over the place back and forth with different ideas and I think y'all have a great route great ideas for the whole parade crews everything and you know definitely doesn't go and notice so hopefully y'all enjoy Sunday after it's all over a bit better yeah especially the Super Bowl and everything and speaking of cleaning up and everything with mortigaw we do have our keeping youngsville beautiful this is a great project it's I think it's a night-year maybe I want to say eight or nine-year because we had to miss one year this is a great opportunity for citizens groups I know we have a group from I think green tea we have a group from Arca I think a couple groups from South Saada no coming they always show up big it's just a great opportunity for neighborhoods and people to get together and dig in get a little dirty and get youngsville back looking like it should even after we have our cleanup crews come in during the week we will meet at Sugar Beach at sports complex about eight o'clock we'll have a little bit of breakfast and food do a little safety rundown by the chief and fire department should be there and we'll have vests for people who need them we'll have safety personnel will assign you an area and you can work till 11 o'clock you can put an hour in a couple hours in 830 or so we'll be on the roads certain cleanup and just get youngsville back to the way it should look so hopefully if you want to sign up you can go to the city facebook page or just search keeping youngsville beautiful there's a link and you can we get the alert and you can sign your group up or yourself up and kids are allowed so all right thank you sincerely all right any other business before the council yes miss pin I just wanted to let the council know that while I know they just recently voted for the stadium just so you know their design professionals are already working with me on drainage so that's a prep maybe my reputation must pursue itself I guess so I know you didn't want to say it mayor but I can say it but I've already like twice already talked to him with regards to drainage but he initiated it and so he is on top of it so it's a little more aside of the 2024 yeah all right anything anything else council all right is there a motion to adjourn all right motion but mr. Boljana second but mr. Romero and uh miss gidder do you want to how do you want to do the vote so all right you can vote on your screen thank you all have a great evening happy marie broad and thank you for allowing us to serve thank you