utility billing area that could potentially be basically refreshed. Take some of the cabinets off the wall potentially new paint. The board table can possibly go in that area and see utility billing areas opened up. And that still leaves room for the multi-purpose room, the council room to be used for leadership youngsville business seminars workshops, whatever the chamber board deems appropriate. And what we're envisioning is similar to how we use city hall where at nighttime will still be maintained on a calendar that a me in our office maintains. And similarly, if we we've been having some contractor meetings next door, my construction meetings and so forth. Similarly, if we desire to use the meeting space next door, we'll just loop the chamber director in it as well. Our vision for the rear of the building currently is that the old accounting office, Ben's office will be used for storage. I pictured the chief administrative officers office and Amy's office can still be available for maybe a district office for district 49 potentially. Potentially. Potentially. Potentially. I'm just throwing things out there. And then. So anyway, it has a lot of good potential for a lot of us. So. And I'm excited to see it, you know, I think with a with an updated coat of paint in there, I think that building could serve the chamber. And us as city hall annex, you know, for years to come. I don't think we're going to have to do anything extensive there. But like the other building, I'm open to feedback or comments about it. Any council comments? Yes. For the, do we anticipate the chamber doing any kind of sandwich changed on the building like any kind of personalized on us chamber commerce or are they going to leave it standard? We didn't get we didn't talk about that yet. I mean, I think we would we certainly want them to have branding. They have their sign at the 307. And we did. Nicole did add the word annex to the monument sign next door, but. Yeah, we we certainly want to give them, you know, whatever, you know, visibility. So we haven't really gotten to that level of discussion. Any public comment related to the least negotiation for the chamber commerce at 305. All right, there's no comment. Just give your please call the vote. Miss Reo. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. All right. One ordinance for final adoption ordinance 465.1 2023 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville repealing section 5 of ordinance 465 2022, which restricted the use of a movable property. We've to adopt ordinance number 465.1-2023. I think a second. All right. Thank you. Mr. Stansberry. Miss Shampon. Any council comment or discussion. Nicole, has there been any further communication property? Any other council comments or discussion? Any public comment? No public comment. Miss Gidry. Please call the vote. Mr. Bojano. Yes. Mr. Emerald. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Mr. Shampon.