that. I mean, so we can give maybe some I guess reassurance to the members of the YPD. You know, councilman Stansberry, you made a comment that you were committed to maybe having some some discussion maybe like you know further discussions about the strategy there. I know you and I talked at one point and I think I mean obviously I mean this and I'm just one person that doesn't get a vote unless there's a tie. I think that we're all cognizant of the fact that the department must grow them in our cities growing. I mean, we're we're growth growth in our budgets seems like it makes sense to be growth in the budget seems to be makes sense and commensurate with population growth revenue growth those type of things. So the time will come when we'll make the modifications. I mean, we're not I don't think anyone appears naive to think that adding additional patrols not something that we'll get to. We did go through a similar exercise recently at our police department. I have the pleasure of serving on the board of directors there at the fire department. Excuse me. So we went through a similar exercise like wins the right time to add additional staffing. What metrics do you want to use to make those decisions? So if there's anything that we can do to to participate, facilitate or help guide that process. I mean, I would certainly be happy to be part of it or or to you know, have a point to use there that that can help guide you to give you the right information. So all right. There's no other items on that the next item on the agenda this evening is 4.1 other business and it's an executive session to discuss pending civil actions pursuant to Louisiana 4217 A2 and 4 as follows A. We all a landry versus young soul city docket C 202 3 3187 C B Justin Dessormo versus young soul city docket C 202 317 4 AG and C chief Ricky Boudreau the declaratory action. Do I have a motion to enter into executive session? Motion. Second. All right. A motion by that to get her councilman Bolgiano seconded by councilman standsbury just for clarification I should have asked a part of your motion council members who would you like to join into that executive session? All right, Tony. Okay council members and city attorney. It's up to you guys. And also he'd like myself to be in the mayor and city clerk in the Colgate group. All right. Any you know good with the motion and the second on that any public comment related to the executive session prior to the council vote to enter into the executive session. If there's no public comment miss Kajary please call the vote to enter an executive session. Mr. Stainter yes yes Mr. New yes Mr. Bolgiano yes Mr. Romero yes all right it's 619 we'll be