All right. So we have a motion to do two and two. And that motion is by Councilman Restanesbury. And then we have a motion from Miss Ryo. Are there any other nominations? OK, for closing nominations, Miss Gidry, or we do a voice vote, I guess, at this time. Sure. OK. Is there a motion? Mr. Volgiano? We choose which motion to go with. Yes. I'll go with Ken Stansbury's motion. OK, Mr. Romero? The first motion. Mr. Stansbury? First motion. Mr. Shampai? First motion. Mr. Ryo. Mindy Volgiano. We go to two years for Mr. Romero first and Mr. Volgiano's second. All right. We'll congratulations to both of you. Congratulations. Thank you. All right. We'll go into the mayor's appointments. Guys, there's really not a lot of change here. I'll go through and tell you my recommendations for the positions. And then I guess we can decide. You can make a decision of the effort of time that you can take them together. We can go individually. 3.1 for city clerk. I'm nominating Nicole Gidry to stay in the role. City Treasurer, Mr. Ben Burley, the city attorney, would be Wade, Toronto. Public Works Director. This one, let me just clarify this. The street commissioner is a title that's referenced in the Laws and Act, which is the Act in which we're governed. That's simply the way it's written there. Our public works director, our deputy CEO is Mr. Terry Bork. I'm nominating him for the position. Our magistrate judge. It would be Tom Budetti. Our city prosecutor is Mr. Pett Kay and our audit firm is going to be colder Shampai. And so it's these are the ones that were required to do. I'll also share, I mean that. Of course, continuation of leadership in the Parks and Rec Department, Mr. Tim, unfortunately, is under the weather this evening. Clint's a vast client to continue serving as our city engineer. And we anticipate continuing to use the same services or look for other vendors to add to. The firms that we're using now for engineering services. As you know, our chief administrative officer, Miss Sally, Andrews did retire at our last meeting. I'm doing it just our leadership teams doing an assessment of our strengths and where we can compliment each other as a team. So we're doing that. I'm proud to say that we have a great leadership team and they're picking up the pieces and we're learning how we can compliment each other best. And we'll have to be having further direction on that position soon. And I have begun the process. Mr. Burley has announced his intention to retire at the end of this year. That date he did tell me could be a little flexible. But I am seeking I have we opened recruiting efforts for our chief financial officer. And we are in the process of recruiting that position, which is another reason why I'm pausing briefly. So as a leadership team,