 you I'm sorry. All right. Welcome everyone and good evening again Thursday June 27th. The time is 5 p.m. This is a public hearing to review the new budget which begins July 1st, 2024. Two items on the agenda. The first one 2.1 budget amendment ordinance number 4, 90, 24 in ordinance, the annual operating budget. Revenues and expenditures for the city of young zoo Louisiana for the fiscal year 2324. The agenda on 2.2 is budget ordinance 491, 2024, which will be for the new fiscal year budget. So at this time I'd like to turn the floor over and introduce our CPAs that we've worked with to prepare the financial reports and that's Brad, colder and Burton, colder. Good evening guys. Good evening mayor, council public. I'm a lead off tonight and as Ken just elaborated we're going over the amended budget for fiscal year 24 and the proposed for fiscal year 25. What I want to do is start with the budget message which is on page 2 of the budget document. And I'm not going to read the entire thing. I kind of just want to hit some high spots on it. Toward the middle of the page you see all funds and there is the spot where that last or the first paragraph last sentence a 3% cost of living at a total cost of 182,000 and that's for salaries for all full time employees with the exception of police officers within the probation period. So just to make sure everybody's clear on that. Next paragraph is sales tax revenues for 2425 fiscal year will remain flat compared to four year 24 estimates. The 2024 four year sales tax revenues are projected to come in slightly below 1% over prior year. So revenues are essentially flat from a sales tax perspective with these two sentences are same. The next section is general or special revenue funds. Just want to point out here the property advalorant tax is budgeted for a 9.3% increase for fiscal year 2025. We'll see that when we take a look at the utility fund in a couple of minutes. Next paragraph just talks a little bit about the police budget. Then the one below that talks about the fire department budget don't have a ton to say there. There is a 3% cost of living for the fire department. And then in capital outlay the main thing I want to point out and my dad is going to go with capital outlay in detail whenever I'm completed with my sections. But the total for the fiscal year 25 is $36 million. And like I said my dad will go over those details in a few minutes when he steps up. Page two continues with capital page three at the top is capital. What I want to conclude with on the budget message is toward the middle of page three, which is utility fund. Revenues for the 25 fiscal budget include growth across all utility departments and anticipated house count growth and implementation of utility capital development fees. And then we go into elaborate during fiscal year 24 the city added $675 new water customers, $480 new sewer customers, $500 new garbage customers. And then for fiscal year 25 the budgeted year reflects a projected increase of 5.2% in new utility customers. So if you want to say here that what we're talking about here is all house customers is over say. And so, excuse me if there's no questions on the budget message I was going to go into utility fund, which is on page 28. And we'll go through each department. There's a tremendous amount of information in each department and then we'll complete by looking at the entire utility fund on page 26. But let's go to page 28. As I said, there's a lot of detail here. I am not intending to go over all this detail. If you all have a question, let's stop and talk about it. I'm going to hit the total for 23, which is your four left column. And then I'm going to look at moving to the right side of the page, the 24 estimated totals compared to the 25 budget year estimated totals. So I'm going to really hit those three columns. I'm not going to deal too much with the 24 original budget or the estimating columns toward the middle of the page. That doesn't need trouble. Just let me know. Let's look at total revenues in the water department. And this is an actual audit the number from last year, 3.8 million is where we came in when you add in these different sources of revenues for the water department. For fiscal year 24, the other way we're in now, we're expecting revenues to increase to a little over four million dollars, about a quarter million dollar increased year over year. You can see those different sources and where they're increasing. And then for fiscal year 25, increasing to almost 4.5 million, a shade under that. a healthy increase of over 400,000 from fiscal year 24. So revenues steadily increasing and as was elaborated in the budget message from 24 to 25 at least, this is based on new customers. That's what I want to say about here for the revenues. There's the expenses that begin on page 28 and then continue on the top of page 28 where we get to the totals. So again, I'm not going to go through the detail of all these sections. But in total for expenditures in 2023, 3.3 million. And then that number increases almost $700,000 in the current year to a shade of over $4 million, $4 million 32 to be exact. And then about $215,000 increase to the 25 year for $4 million 247. The good news is operating incomes all three years. And that's what you want to see. In 2023, operating income at $335,000, we do take a dip in income in the current year down to 27,000 mainly because of an increase in expenditures. But then you see that operating income climbed back up to almost a quarter million, 240,000 in fiscal 25. You do have in the non-opperating revenue section, this is that property tax that we mentioned in the budget message. You can see it came in five, it's called 3% military. It came in at 536,000 in 23, 588,000 in 24. And then for fiscal 25, as was referenced in the budget message, an increase of 9.3% to 642,000. You do have a little bit of interest income and expanse here, but the main source of the non-operating revenues. And then worth mentioning that state grant you have in 25. So right below the property tax in fiscal year 25, $400,000 in state grant for capital outlay purposes. So there's quite a bit of non-opperating revenues, particularly in $25 over a million. That's the water department. Any questions? Let's keep on moving to the sewer department. Next page, page 30, same approach. Revenue's in 2023 coming in at 2.2 million. Healthy increase to about 2.5 million in the current year. And then 2 million, 752 in fiscal 25. So a nice study increases in the revenues between 23, 24 and 25. We can actually look at the total expenditures toward the bottom of this page, second to last line. 23 came in at 1,865. Actually went down. You don't see this very commonly, but it does go down to 1,822 in fiscal 24. And then back up to 2,219 in fiscal 25. But like we saw in water, operating incomes all three years, 355,023, almost 660,000 expected in the current year. And then for the budget year, an income of $533,000. Good healthy incomes all years. If we go to the next page on 31, we typically don't have a lot of non-operating revenues in the sewer, but it is worth mentioning the state grants. So fairly small state grant and fiscal 24, 54,000. But I would say a very large state grant in fiscal 25 at 2.1 million. Want to point those out, because you don't typically have numbers quite that big from the state grants side here in Utility. But here this year we do. That is a sewer department. Any questions here? Let's move on to sanitation. Settitation revenues in 23,000 and a million, six. An increase of approximately 315,000 to a million, 962, and almost the exact same dollar increase from 24,25 by 315,000 to 2,278. Toward the bottom end of the page, you can see the total expenditures came in at 2,300,000, 8, they do increase in 24 to 2.1 million, and in 25 to 2.4 million, and bottom line operating, we're showing in his income, but it's a loss all three years in this case. 204,000 loss in 23, 175,000 loss in 24, and 150,000 loss in 2025. So possibly some of the adjustments that would go on, maybe with the rate here, depending, but administration is well aware of this and has a plan to deal with it going forward. Any questions on the sanitation department? Okay, if there's none, let's go back to page 26 and bring all the departments together and see how did the utility fund do as a whole? You have a pretty good idea with the revenues increasing, expenditures were with, they were, we'll have a pretty good story here. So on page 26, total revenues for the utility fund came in a shade under 7.7 million, 7,000, 6,81 to be exact. Nice healthy increase for the various reasons that we just talked about for fiscal year 24. Revenues come in a shade over 8.5 million. So about 825,000 dollar increase year over year from 23 to 24, and then roughly a million dollar increase in revenues to almost, or over 9.5 million for fiscal 25. So nice healthy increases in the revenues as we saw in the various departments. Expenditures all listed out and they begin here on 26 and they continue on to page 27, where toward that top third of the page we get a total expenditure number and looking at 23 comes in at 7.2 million. Roughly a million dollar increase from 23 to 24 at 8.2 million and then right at 8.9 million in fiscal 25. As we saw in most of the departments with the exception of sanitation, operating incomes all three years, 442,023, by the quarter-million we'll call it for fiscal year 24 and then 623,000 for fiscal year 25. So extremely healthy, very, very strong. When you go into the non-operating, you can see the state grants that we talked about, nothing in 2023, the 54,000 we saw in 24 and then up to 2.5 million in fiscal 25. Transfer is in and out is what it is. That's not much to say about that. A lot of numbers on the page. I went through that fairly quickly. Any questions about it? Overall, it's a very healthy utility fund that's what you want to see operating incomes all three years, you're funding the expenditures with good sources of revenues. They're increasing but not an alarming rate. To make a good situation. Any questions from the council? Hearing none, I'll turn it over to my dad. He'll go over capital outlay and the operations of the city as a whole. Thank you. Okay, as Brad indicated, this document is quite lengthy and it's got the 10 funds that the city has, including the general fund, he went over the utility operations and I'm going to go through the 36 pages here. I was going to go over the consolidated budget and also the capital outlay request which is included in here. So let's begin with the on page six and seven which is a laundry list of capital projects and also indicates the method of financing or funding these projects. So starting on page six, items one through four are to be funded by the general fund and you can see with those are those again, general operations. You've got a gravely more, you've got a bush hog, you've got a payloader, you got a bridge at Savowal Road, all paid by the general fund but it pertains to the streets and drainage department. The 1981 sales tax which as everyone knows is to fund mainly the police department and that's a half cent sales tax that goes into it and you have items five, six and seven. You have three patrol units, totaling $183,000, you have a server replacement and the axon enterprise, $275,000 total capital for the police department, it's funded at 478,000 and again, the total funding is coming from the half cent sales tax from 1981. Now items eight through 13 is the capital projects of fund expenditures. It's in that separate set of books for specifically those purposes. All of this is considered to be street improvements and as some big numbers here and what Catherine and her staff did, as you can see, they broke it out like item number nine for example, highway 89 widening improvements. She's got 4,360, which is state capital outlay monies and then your match is 1,453, which is a 25% match and it's coming from the 2022 nine million dollar sales tax bond issue. That's how we're gonna fund it. So you're gonna put up your portion from some bond it monies that we have. Item number 10 is another big item, fortune road extension and roundabout. 4,309 coming from the state and another 1.4 million, which is the 25% match coming from the city of Young'sville again from the nine million sales tax bond issue, which has been funded. Shem and Metery Parkway widening street improvements here, total from the state, $3,500, $151,000 from the sales tax fund and another 600,000 from House Bill 782. So that's really state funding in my correct manner. That's what we added that we had to add after we started our discussions and that's definite we're gonna get it. Yes, it's been signed. Good. So basically this project is almost entirely funded by state projects. With the, well, the entire capital projects for streets and drainages with the exception of the 25% match. It's all funded there. Yes. And the next one is on the Longland A extension overlay, 660,000 coming from the state capital outlay, the other 25% match, 220,000 coming from the bond issue, the nine million bond issue. Item number 12, but again, it's a big item here is La Rivea road improvements and reconstruction and the state funding or federal highway grant here is 1,486. This is directly from the Feds or it's passed through to the state. This is passed through the states. This is managed by the Acadiana Planning Commission. This is a grant that we applied for probably six, seven years ago. It's finally coming to fruition. So this project will be let out. I forgot if it's in September or December, December. But this is the one that, as you know, we've been talking about it for some time. There's a couple funding sources here. Our match is going to come from our match bond issue, but on this particular, I mean, the job overall is about a nine million dollar project. This is just what we anticipate to be able to facilitate and by the end of this fiscal year. And we're also, sounds like we're going to be successful in using our match dollars that we receive for taking over Highway 89. We're applying that to this project, which in essence lowers the amount that we're coming out of pocket. So it's a lot of moving pieces on it, but it's largely all grants except for, well, this year it's 188,000. It's going to be a local match. Item number 12, this is only a portion of this nine million dollar project, am I correct? Yeah. That's the first phase of it, Ben. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. This next fiscal year. Yeah. Yeah, it's all designed. It's all funded. We're just, we're just putting in here what we're going to, what we think just be able to see. Yeah. But we're going to get some more state funding to complete that project. We have it. We haven't already. Good. Yeah. Good. Item 13, Fortune Road preservation project. Again, street improvements. You get in a Federal Highway grant of 520,000. The 25% match is 130,000. So the total or the sub total for street capital projects fund out of this fund. And of course, there's a lot of matching items in here. But it totals out to 20,299,000. So it's over half of our total that we're going to look at on page seven. It's about 36 million, as was pointed out, in the budget message. Utility fund projects, you've got water utility. We have an L.D.H. revolving loan and a water sector grant total for that project. It's about $3.5 million. It's for a water treatment plan. Item 16 is another fairly significant item. It's water system interconnectors or connections. And it's 200,000 from the L.D.H. revolving loan, as well as the water millage and utility operations of 125,000. The water well controls, again, about an 800,000 dollar project. A lot of this is from the L.D.H. revolving loan. Mayor, what is the interest rate on that revolving loan, as you recall? .95. .95. Yes, sir. That's great. Yeah. Take plenty of that. Yeah. The good news with water. We said we have a .95% line of credit. But this is where we were all successful in getting 5.6 million in the water sector improvements of grant. That's a complete grant. Yes. And we have quite a few years. I'm sure to repay that loan at .95. I remember it was 20. Wow. That's great. OK, the next item is item 17 water panel upgrade in controls. That's only $41,000. The wastewater treatment plan is item 18 that's $4 million on the DEQ revolving loan. Is that one at a very favorable interest rate as well? Same. Wow. And then, of course, the water sector grant is going to put up 2.1 million. That is the total project, Mayor. Or is that going to be just a portion? No, this is another one. This is just a portion. This project we expect to go out to bid in the fall. We've been doing gradual improvements to the wastewater treatment plan. We're fortunate that there's enough space on that site. So what we're doing is we're changing the processing method and going to batch sequence reactors, which is just a more modern way to treat wastewater. And on this one, we got the $13.2 million DEQ line of credit that we're drawing on. And then we got an additional $5 million from a grant through the water sector, which was another competitively bid complete grant. This total project on this wastewater, how much is it estimated to come up with this whole? In total, 20? Is that how many? That's not you. 14. I'm looking at you, but it's not. Yeah, 14 is what Catherine's telling me. But we also have some pump station upgrades that we're going to talk about in a second. We've been similar to the water plan. We drilled three new water wells, 7, 8, 9, that are operational now that's going to support the new water plant that we're going to bid tonight. And then the wastewater treatment plants upgrades, we've been doing pump stations, rehabilitation of certain lines. And then the wastewater treatment plants ultimately, where it's all being processed and handled. And it's very expensive. Oh, I was asked. Both of these projects are intended to build our 30 year, to meet our 30 year population projection. And we've been very fortunate through the grants and the very low interest. Low interest rate loans. You're very fortunate to be able to do that. OK. Again, number 19 is just a pipe hunter, 132,000. Pump station number four, which you just mentioned, mayor, and the sewer utility, 350,000 coming from the half-saint sales tax from 99. And then 430, 3,700 from the state capital outlay. So a total project of right at $800,000. Pump station number three, 472,000 again, from the 1999 half-saint sales tax and pump station number 14, $306,000. And that's going to be again from the same 1999 half-saint sales tax. And that completes those pump stations, am I correct? Is that new? Is that refurbished? So four is out to bid right now. That's a rehabilitation of that pump station. It's a very old pump station. It's one of our original ones. And the parts on it are becoming very hard to obtain. And then coupled with that, we're upgrading the pumps. And the pumps are going to maximize the size of the force main that's there. And then also it's removing it out of the flood wave. But currently it's in the FEMA flood wave. So while we're working on it, it's going to be elevated as well. That one's out to bid. I think we're opening it in the next couple of weeks. And then three and four, three is a pump, I'm sorry, similar new pumps that are being added. We've already upgraded that force main line. That's the one that goes down church street to the pump station, yeah, to the pump station on both the sewer treatment plan down near public works. And then pump station 14, that one is inside of Sugar Mopond. As Sugar Mopond continues to develop, we're going to have to upgrade some things there. Not really just for the benefit of Sugar Mopond, Metery Center and that side of the community has been, we've been using the capacity at that pump station 14 as we've developed in that area along Sugar Mopond. OK, on the next page, you have items 23 through 27. Again, 23 is again a sewer lift pump station upgrades, 514,000. So total for the utility operations, you're talking 13 million, $22,000 estimated that we're going to be able to complete in the next fiscal year. And as the mayor pointed out, this is not the total of some of these projects. It's only the portion that's anticipated to be completed in these items 24, 25, 26 and 27 all pertained to the Young'sville Sports Complex. And of course, the biggest two items on here is the Sports Complex expansion, a million and a half. And that's coming from the 1 cent Recreation Sales Tax Bond Issue Fund. And then the Lake Excavation and Linear Park, again another $500,000. This is going to come from the 2012 1 cent Recreation Sales Tax as well. So total for this complex, we're talking 2,085,000. And the grand total of all capital projects, which Brad pointed out when he first started and we talked about it in the budget message, is $36,252,293. So it's a huge undertaking, but again, and this is not the total cost of some of these. It's only the portion that's going to be completed or estimated to be completed and funded in this current fiscal year. And I'd like to say that of that $36,055% of that is coming from state and or federal monies. So over half is coming from grants, not loans. And then from borrowings, as can indicated and Catherine indicated, you've got another 35% of that $36 million that's coming from loans that we made at $9 million and total loans are using loan proceeds this current year, which is the DEQ, LDH, and so on. And then only the remaining portion of 10% is coming from the city funds. So 90% of this is from bonded monies, some of many of which that we've already bonded or will be bonding at a very low interest rate as what Catherine indicated and only 10% from local funds. So that's good that you can do this. I don't know what y'all did, Ken, but you certainly got a lot of state monies. It's been, which is one of a lot of years of preparation and work. A lot of years of work to be able to get to that point. OK, any questions on capital outlay and what we're doing for this current year and the funding mechanisms to fund that? OK, hearing none, let's go to page four. And as I said, rather than go through 36 pages, because we could be here for quite a while, I was going to bring it all together, which we have the Catherine put together on the consolidated budget. And you've seen this before. This has taken all of the 10 funds and bringing it all together in the format to show what the revenues are, what the expenditures are, including capital outlay, and then what's our bottom line? And then we'll talk a little bit about that. On the tax revenues, which is mainly sales tax, but you've got some property taxes, of course, in here. You've got some franchise taxes, and so on. So a total last year was brought in at 18 million 974. So the first column is per the audit of last year, which is the June 30th of 23rd audit. Then you have the estimated numbers, which Brad pointed out earlier. And the estimates were all shown taking nine month numbers, adding three more months or estimating for three months to come up with an amended budget, which is going to be what we're asking you to do to amend to these estimated numbers, which is your final amended budget. And then, of course, the budget for next year. So the tax revenues estimated for this year, per the amended budget would be 19 million 297. And then for the budget year, basically, 19 million 495. So I think Brad pointed it out, and the mayor may have expanded on it. But basically, we're estimating sales taxes that being flat, which I think is very conservative. We're hopeful, and I think that you'll probably do better than that. But be that as it may. I like the idea of just going with a flat on the sales tax. The increase that you have is mainly in property taxes. Let me just say that. And that's just from growth and from additional houses within the corporate limits. Licenses and permits, last year we brought in and licenses, and of course, that's building permits as well, 981,000. This year, it's estimated to be 1,525,000. And it appears that the growth is coming from two areas, the licenses, which is the insurance occupational licenses, as well as some permits that you're issuing for construction. Next year, you're pretty much leaving it the same at 1,524. Intergovernmental revenues. Now, this is coming from the state, or the feds, or possibly OCG, but another governmental body. Intergovernmental last year was 9,379. This year, it's estimated to be about 6 1.5 million. Next year, we just pointed that out. We've got a lot of grant monies, $16,852,000 of monies coming in mainly from state monies, some from federal, and so on. Fines in court cost, 1,346 last year, it's a million, 77,000 for the current year, and it's a million, 66,000. Pretty much flat for next year. Utility charges for services, which is your water, your sewer, and your garbage. Brad went over those just a moment ago. Last year we brought in 7,590, this year it's 8,500,000, and next year 9,519,000. And again, I think he went over the number of customers, and mainly residential customers that have increased. And so there's some forecasting that that's going to take place again next year. Miscellaneous revenues, 378,000 last year. It jumped up to 813,000. And Katherine, I'm not sure about that, but I remember there's a 500 and some of $1,000. What was that? That was for our first contribution to the government. Yes, that was for a traffic impact analysis fee that we assessed to the charter schools USA. Okay. And then I think this is where you would also have like insurance rebate for. Yeah. And in fact, we were getting like a workers' comp rebate or anything like that. But the biggest thing was that one item, that 500 that I saw, and that was from the charter schools. Okay. And then next year, basically we're going down flat to 88,000. Again, I think that's conservative. I think it'll be better. I mean, you know, but until you get rebates and things like that, you know. Until you have it, Ken is better not the budget. So I like that approach. Next income on the investments 128,000 last year, it's estimated to be about 163,000 this year. And for the budget year, very close to where it was in 23 back to 129,000 sports complex. I think Brad went over this total revenues last year is a million two ninety six this year is a million two fifty seven. And next year estimated to be one million three fifty six. Is the park going to be fully operational next year? Are we going to be complete with all the additional expansion that we have up this phase of this way? We still have we still have the ability to expand if we want to do the two extra fields additional parking. But we planned to to phase it in. So that's where we are. But the phase that we we have now is basically finished this summer. Good. Okay. So total revenues for the city of Youngville last year, 40 million seventy five thousand dollars. This year, 39 million two oh five. We just talked about it as a few items that went up and some went down next year forecasted again with the increase in the intergovernmental revenues at 50 million thirty one thousand dollars. Now, how is that money going to be spent both in capital and operations of the city on the general government. This is pretty steady. It was two million four eighty four last year estimated to be two million six thirty five this year. And next year two million five ten. So next year is pretty much close to where it was in twenty three slightly higher, but less than what's anticipated or estimated for the current year. Under public safety for the police department last year four million five hundred and thirty eight thousand. And this is only operations of the police department capital is listed separately. This year looks like it's four million seven hundred and fifty eight thousand. Next year forecasted to be four million nine hundred and seventy five thousand. Fire department last year was two million two hundred and thirty four thousand this year two million eighty seven thousand. And next year in the budget year two million two hundred and forty nine thousand seven thirty. So pretty much back up to the level where we were. We had a slight dip this year, but next year getting back to where we were in twenty three. So streets and drainage to operate the public work street department last year two million two fifty two this year is a million seven thirty six and next year forecasted at a million eight eighty nine. There was some didn't you do some reclassification on some of that. You didn't. You did yeah. To better allocate where some of the employees were working. I think it's what you told me okay. On the utility system Brad talked about this seven million two thirty nine last year eight million two fifty six this year and eight million nine ninety six for next year. I'm sorry eight million eight ninety six for next year capital outlay now we broke it out here between how much is general government how much is public safety and capital projects which we talked about just a moment ago on pages I think six and seven or five and six on the capital outlay listing that we just went through. On the general government last year was two million six seventy two this year four hundred and forty seven thousand and for the budget year right off of that capital outlay request one hundred and sixty six thousand public safety for police one hundred and fifty nine thousand last year five hundred and forty six thousand this year and four hundred and seventy nine thousand for next year. Fire Department was six hundred and twenty one thousand last year nothing this year and nothing for next year in capital. Several projects for various capital improvements which we just talked about ten million seven eighty last year actual number this year five million eight eighty one and for the budget year twenty million two hundred ninety nine thousand dollars. Lot of street projects here municipal complex of course we've completed that one it was two point five million last year six six thousand three hundred dollars this year nothing for next year. The utility system improvements last year was we didn't show any last year because these will be capitalized from an accounting standpoint but the utility system this year estimated to be two million six ninety one next year thirteen million dollars a lot of this is the wastewater treatment and the water as well. Sports complex thirteen million last year only two million this year which we just talked about and in debt service to retire the debt the principal retirement last year three point two million going up this year to three point nine million and next year phasing in at four and a half million dollars to retire principal on an annual basis. The interest on the debt one million three eighty five versus two million two oh three versus two million three seventy eight remember you issued some debt last year you issued some this year and so and you may have some I think next year as well no that's it we're done no we have some of these DEQ loans we may have some based upon what we what we draw down again correct that would be the only thing but we've already done the eight point five water thirteen point two sewer so we would just be continuing to draw a line of credit and we've drawn everything on the bonds for the sports complex and yes everything on that and everything on the road match bond as well. Okay cost of issuance you can see those numbers there five hundred ninety two thousand last year to issue the bonds this year only nine thousand nothing anticipated as the mayor indicated because I don't think there's any issuance cost to get these DEQ loans and so to get those issues not like a bond issue my correct yeah okay total expenditures for the city of young field last year we spent forty six million this year fifty four million one hundred and thirty eight thousand is what's estimated which we're going to ask you to go ahead and approve this for the final amended budget for the city next year including all the capital outlays going up the sixty nine million twenty seven thousand dollars operating income or loss obviously at this line item we have losses every year the deficiency that last year was six million this year is fourteen point nine million and next year eighteen point nine marina nineteen million dollars non operating revenues that you have coming in we didn't have any federal grants we had a million dollars this year for the sports complex we don't have anything next year state grants for utilities was fifty four thousand this current year two and a half million estimated for next year at the lorum tax I think this is the three percent tax that we got a three mill tax five hundred and thirty six thousand five hundred and eighty eight thousand for the for this current year and six hundred and forty three thousand for next year we have slight amounts on insurance proceeds interest income gain on sale of assets and an interest expense which is on the bonded debt here this is on the utility debt eighty five thousand on utility debt last year this year sixty two back up to eighty two thousand next year so total non operating revenues or expense it's it's a net revenue because of that that three-million tax four hundred and sixty one thousand this year because we have a grant a federal grant for the sports complex of a million it's a million five eighty three and for next year it's three million sixty thousand dollars income before contributions and transfers course transfers are going to balance off as you can see but you can have other items from bonded debt last year and so on so the total that's coming in from other financing sources last year because we had twenty three million dollars that was issued in bonds is twenty four million five hundred and sixty one thousand in total that includes the premium that we got on the issuance of the debt and so on and so forth this year it's anticipated to only be two thousand seven hundred eight dollars remember I said the transfers to and from funds it it should balance and it does and in next year it's a net of about eight million dollars and this is proceeds from the bonds and from the debt again I think this debt is going to be the DEQ and the the federal debt at point nine five percent okay bottom line net excess of deficiency of revenues last year we showed a huge surplus of eighteen point nine million but a lot of that because we issued debt and that's just the way we we have to show it but I'm going to get to a certain point that I'm going to show you what your operational surplus is for each year we're going to take this into consideration so this year we're anticipated right at an eleven million dollar deficit and next year the deficit is estimated at seven million eight hundred and fifty thousand so these are huge numbers huge swings one way or the other so what I like to do now is to take these well let me ask you say any comments or any any questions that somebody may have okay if not I'd given it did you hand those out you did good that was that that was a separate handout and it's called it's titled operating surplus summary it's going to have different columns it's going to begin with the year eighteen nineteen twenty all actual numbers per the audit okay everybody see that okay so the net excess of deficiency you see those numbers we just talked about let's look at twenty three for example remember I said it was an eighteen million dollar surplus that's what it showed on page four then twenty four it was a big deficit of ten million and in twenty five it was another deficit of seven million eight hundred and fifty thousand dollars okay but remember that's that's capital improvements there and there's also some bonded debt and some regular debt that you have through the eq loans and whatever so we want to do this we want to add back the capital because capital is not something that you have to spend every year you do have some year because of the expansion but it's not it's not a definitive thing to operate the city so the first on the let's look at twenty three for example total additions which is all the capital outlay sixteen million seven hundred and forty eight thousand dollars okay that we have here that was last year this year's twenty three million four sixty three everybody sees that that's up to and then for the budget year which is right off the budget document that we just looked at with the detail of thirty six million fifty two thousand dollars so we've got to add that back because those are capital items they're not operational then though we're going to take off the bonds that we may have issued and any extraordinary items that we don't get on a recurring basis so that's the second class of items listed there bond proceeds capital lease proceeds orper and federal money settlement proceeds and grants a lot of which is state grants so let's look at that in twenty three right before that blackboard that's on the page or blueboard that's on the page you can see we subtracting out the funding thirty one million five forty four so that eighteen million dollars surplus in twenty three when I add those items subtract certain items I end up with an operating surplus for the city of about four million one hundred fifty nine dollars one hundred fifty nine thousand dollars everybody sees that number okay and you can read back towards the left and you see the numbers for every year these are actual numbers per the audit and it was an actual number for the audit for twenty three now let's look at the same scenario for twenty four started with a ten million dollar deficit adding back twenty three million dollars of capital outlay subtracting out the debt that was issued this year is about eight and a half million that leaves you with a surplus operational surplus for this year of about four point two million dollars okay same analogy for twenty five starting with a deficit of seven million eight fifty adding back the capital of thirty six million but subtracting out the other deductions mainly from the grants and any bond proceeds and so on of twenty four million that leaves you estimated for next year for the twenty five budget with a surplus operational wise of about three million eight ninety six everybody sees that any any questions on those that analogy because it could get scary when you look at these bottom line numbers and a huge deficits of ten million or eight million like we have for the budget year coming up when I put it at the bottom of the page the actual numbers actual average for the last six years which is the six years of the audit these audited numbers that's coming out to an average that you that the city of young'sville had an operational surplus of three million eight hundred and eighty six thousand dollars if I add the two estimates the estimated number for the year that's going to end on Sunday for just this year which will be your amended budget and I add the budget for next year using the same analogy it's going to give you an average for the last eight years six actual two projected let's call it or estimated of three million nine hundred and thirty thousand so we improve okay even though if you look at those numbers it's very scary when you see some huge deficit numbers to start with so I hope that helps because a lot of times people get confused and say man we have a huge deficit of eight million dollars is will be forecasted that's not what you forecasted that's including all the capital out there that we have any questions there's a lot of numbers here there's a lot of analogies and so on Burton how do you feel about I mean the three point eight million dollar operational surplus for our community of our size and how do you feel that that is like in relation to some of our counterparts I think it's very very average for some of the cities in your category and I'm talking about city of Bruce Horde and city of Scott I don't know if you had done that analogy you presented that last night I didn't do this for the budget but I would see Scott's look behind you that's right Bruce Horde is pretty close I did it last night as you know and I did present something like this last night so y'all and Bruce Horde is very close perfect on that and I would agree Brad I think Scott would be a little bit behind and definitely do so would be less because but they're revenue based but you ask for people are communities you're so I think the point I'm just trying to illustrate is that I mean to have 20 million dollars of capital projects on roads specifically in one year 15 or 14 in utilities and it still be presenting you an operational surplus last year four million dollars and then a projected this year three point eight million dollars so I echo what he's saying that there are a lot of large numbers here but they're funded largely by federal grants by state grants by a lot of planning and a lot of relationships that have taken I mean LaRivia road was probably a 2017 project the Fortune Road pavement preservation program you know arguably Fortune Road really does and need to be overlaid this is probably this is between the Bonan Roundabout and Youngsoe Highway but we applied for probably six years ago so we'll receive it if right 2015 so it's a preservation program we're 75% of that overlay is being paid for by the Fed so we're trying to get our major roads on that type of program where we're tapping into those type of resources you know to where we'll be set in a good scenario for continuous maintenance and improvement while still being able to deliver you know operational surpluses that aren't affecting the taxpayers and the Highway 89 expansion and widening and so on is that is that that funding from Youngsoeville some from Brussard and some from LCG so it's a it's a because that road you know it goes through all three jurisdictions where each managing our own section I think Brussard's actually doing a cooperative agreement to do LCG's portion while they're there and they get reimbursed for yeah now I mean our section is I mean we're managing it ourselves 75% of it's paid for by the state we have more design and we have funding because even though it's passed through the HB2 the state capital outlay bill now the hurdle is to get it through the state bond commission and then as they release money through the state bond commission we'll release additional plan sheets so the work hopefully will be contiguous so I think that I mean you know our portion roughly from like heart to farm you know come all the way to new news eventually the Brussard and LCG I think still have to work through the hurdles of getting the road from the state which you know I hope I wish them better luck than we had because it's our road it's our local road so we're we are in complete control of it now which is why we're able to it's finally moving well what you have to maintain it once it's finally controlled yes and when we took the road over for for the main section of like Russo Road to new news we received three million dollars in credits so that's the monopoly credits I've talked about like how do we use them where do we spend them and the best place that we've been well the only place we've been allowed to apply them is on Larivier Road because we've been we've been able to put it as a match on that road which is a significant project for the community the road's going to be wide in six feet raised to where that area the La Salle Cooley went no longer go underwater sidewalk and that one's going to be before considering the credits it was 75% paid for by the feds wow so it takes time as you said one of them was back in 15 when we first took office wow yeah okay any questions comments yeah very good one yes sir but where are we at on the uh the nine million dollar bond for the is it the 99 or is it the uh that was uh we call that the 2020 yeah sorry yeah yeah we're how how much are we we bond that out on that bond issue we did a nine million dollar bond issue those proceeds are intended to be our local match for young so highway fortune road and then in this in this budget what we refer to is shimmy mettery widening that's the that's the complete reconstruction of the guillot shimmy mettery roundabout we have a design to have a second circulating lane all the way around that's past the state capital outlay hv2 phase now we just needed to go to the bond commission so as soon as it passes the bond commission we'll be able to put that project out to bid and then the nine million dollar uh matched dollars will be what we apply for our 25 that is that is 75 25 okay correct so so that nine million dollar bond that's what we expect to use our 25% share young so highway fortune and well the the small amount of lirivier that the monopoly credits didn't cover um ideally what i would like to do with it at y'all's you know direction we did apply for federal raise grant or a i.s.e that's a Biden Buttigieg's initiative we just learned yesterday that unfortunately we weren't awarded that project in this round um but i do think that hopefully there's some interim solutions that we can do there like add in a turning lane at agave um you know a mettery center as an example perhaps at um somewhere on the field crest side uh as a short term initiative and then we're going to apply for the raise grant again next year but that project even though it's designed is a very complex there's a significant amount of utilities that need to be relocated some right away acquisition um that project as well widens east milton and it adds that second circulating lane um had we had we've been successful in receiving the grant we would have had to reallocate some of our resources to cover the match on that project okay so in the end it's probably good that we weren't awarded this round we're going to apply for it again next year look at some short term interim solutions and it is probably even though i want to see it all now and i'm sure we all do it's probably better that we're not doing it the full blown now because if you think to have young zoa highway larivier and fortune all instrument mettery potentially that's a lot of that's a lot of it's a lot of moving pieces so um despite our best efforts some in even when things are designed and funded you know we're now we're really at the mercy of the state bond commission and they'll meet every couple of months and you know slowly one thing of interest i mean in in governor landry's veto message or when he's signing well it was his veto message for hp2 which is a state capital outlay bill i think it was 135 million dollars over committed on priority one that won't be able to see it through the bond commission so that's going to be the next hurdle that we have to get you know that the dollars and the appropriations bill converted to cash at the bond commission so we can you know use them here locally so cool we'll continue working on it anything else then that's up appreciate it all right but we'd like to thank y'all for allowing us to work with you again and i want to commend uh cathartan on the job that she did this is her first time that she basically did it on her own that she helped us and worked with us quite a bit last year but she did a lot of this leg work and we helped her polish it it up towards the end but i want to commend that she did an excellent job and i told the mayor and i told her this several times so she did a great job with it and it's very detailed and it matches your financial statement so that's a great thing so anyway i wanted to mention that thank you uh if council if there's no questions i'd like to open up for any public comment from any you know anyone at the public that like to make a comment about the current budget or the proposed budget uh that you're being asked to adopt tonight because this is a public hearing we're going to accept public comment during the public hearing so that way at the six o'clock meeting the action will simply be for you to take action on uh at your direct at your you know desire so i'd if there's no if there's no public comment burden bread thank you very much thank you uh we will we will adjourn the public hearing at 553 and we'll resume with our next with our regular council meeting at six p.m.