 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You're winged. Okay. Ready, Nicole? All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome. We'll call this meeting to order. Today is Thursday, June 29, 2023. It's a special meeting of the Youngsoil City Council. We welcome you to the Youngsoil Municipal Complex. This evening, I'd like to invite Councillor Matt Romero to lead us in the invocation. If you remain standing for the Pledge of Allegiance this evening. And I'm Father Sunholy, spirit and I'm in. Dear Lord, please look upon us as we make decisions tonight for our next fiscal year that we don't take anything lightly and that we continue to work as a group throughout the city for the betterment of the City of Youngsoil. We also pray for all of our families, officers, firefighters and first responders out there that you keep them safe during these summer months. Amen. Come in. Pledge of Allegiance to the flag of the United States of America. The senator of public, for which it stands, one nation under God in this global liberty and justice for all. All right. Thank you, sir. And good evening again and welcome. Several items on the agenda tonight largely related to the adopting the amended budget for the fiscal year that ends June 30th and adopting our new fiscal year budget. A couple of other items of business starting with resolutions, resolution. Item 2.1 is resolution 202319, a resolution of the city of Youngsoil, authorizing the mayor to accept the donation of a movable property, a 1.07 acre commercial lot for Metery Place incorporated. So moved. Right. Motion by Romero. Second by Stan's Berry. Is there any council comment or any public comment on this item? For the public benefit, this is a new residential development, new residential neighborhood called Metery Place that's located the corner of Shim and Metery and VLA road at the roundabout there. We've had their final walkthrough punch list and we just recorded their final plat for that development. The generosity of the developer and I'd like to think the persuasive negotiation of myself. So the developer agreed to donate 1.7 acres of a lot which is directly on the roundabout for the betterment of city facilities or resources. So internally our team is looking at evaluating that space for potentially a fire department in the future or for another positive cause for the city. I appreciate Mr. Gidry's generosity and his working with us to continue growing our city together as he's developing a residential development. So. Did I ask there was motion second? Mr. Gidry please call the roll. Mr. Linneu. Yes. Mr. Ojano. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stan's Berry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. All right. agenda item 3.1. Two ordinances for final adoption. Budget amendment ordinance 484-2023 in ordinance amending the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Youngsville, Louisiana for the fiscal year 2022-2023. I'm motion to adopt budget amendment ordinance number 484-2023. Thank you. Second. Second. Second. Second by Miss Champagne. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment? Mr. Gidry please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stan's Berry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Linneu. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. Council agenda item 3.2. Budget ordinance 485-2023 in ordinance to adopt the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Youngsville, Louisiana for the fiscal year 2023-2023-2023. Motion approved. Motion approved. Budget ordinance number 485-2023 of the exception of two amendments. Increasing the mayor's salary by 10,000 from where it currently stands. And on the increase on the PD's budget, continue to keep the 3% cost of living increases, but putting a freeze on the other additions until we can gather some more information of the next few weeks. Motion approved. Motion. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second by Mr. Stan's Berry. It's open for council discussion. Any call. Could you repeat the second half of that motion just to confirm? I'm sorry. Mayor Saloy by 10, a 3% increase for the patrol officers were for the staff, right? And then we're freezing everything else until we review for the next few weeks and there's another piece of mess. that's it. Could I make an amendment to that to allow the addition of the SRO for ARCA charter school USA? I'm sorry. 70% of that is paid for by charter school USA. That's great. With the motion in a second? Yes. It's fine. It's open for council discussion now, but if I may, let me ask a question. Currently, there's three open positions within the department. So I had to just so we're clear on how you. I think we could fill two of them, but pending the civil service litigation, I'd propose that we hold off on hiring the third sergeant position until that's resolved or decision, I apologize. That comes from recommendation for council. Any other items for council discussion at this time? No, Mayor, I just want to make a mention that I did talk to Chief before the meeting saying that this could be the case. And we have agreed to meet before the end of July. So we can get, you know, kind of total my field of concerns that I've heard from other council members and myself just to seek to understand what's going on and the vehicles and all of that. Okay. Okay. Any other council comments or questions? All right. How about any public comment? Yes, sir. Please deputy chief. If you'd like to come up and address the council, sir. The only important. Good afternoon, council and mayor. The only addition I would like to let you make you aware of the three positions that are vacant right now has nothing to do with the civil service hearing. Those are just three vacancies that were getting in the last year's budget that we just haven't filled yet. So they pending civil service matter has nothing to do with those three positions. I guess and like not knowing everything gave concern was that if said here, if that hearing is ruled in favor of that officer that he automatically does come back to YPD. Yes, so we wanted to make sure at least temporarily the position was held till because it sounds like that litigation or that's about to be resolved within the month or less is the hearing is on the 13 or 14. It is new water for us. So yes, but that position has nothing to do with those three vacancies. I just want to make sure you understood that it has nothing to do with him coming back or not. So if if he were to come back, his salary is baked into the current budget as is without the three like that is correct. I don't use you have the poor chart. I guess the way it was just fine with the org chart and what we saw. I'm glad you're yeah, let's get on the same page. Yes, you know, yeah, because of course, you know, right right away, we you I don't know if we don't know if you have officers ready to go or not whether you do or not that you all's you know in decision, we want to make sure three weren't filled and all of a sudden we had a fourth one and no, okay. Yeah, if you maybe don't mind or if maybe you want to look at all that. Okay, the deputy chief that the yellow ones what we understand to be the vacant positions. Right. And the yellow one would be where we on a night shift, we are short one officer already. And then we want the other yellow one would add that additional officer back in the traffic because we once at one time we did have two there before. But and the CID SRO sergeant, that's the position that's kind of in limbo, but again, those positions already in the budget, I'm saying so the three vacancies that we have now are from last year's budget that we're just trying to fill now. Yeah. So I'm confused. So then the budget, we wouldn't have we wouldn't have an increase in the budget this year if that's a position. Absolutely not. So then why don't I guess if this officer is reinstated. No, but he's saying that the officer's nothing to do with the three positions. That has nothing to do with the position. Yeah, because no decision has been made. I've been advised not to say his name. Right. Now I don't want to do that. Right. I don't see him on the org chart. So that's what made us think it was one of the vacant positions on this org chart. And his name, because again, all purposes, he's no longer employed by the youngs of the police department. So he's not a part of this roster anymore. But that the three positions that we're trying to fill now again, y'all approved that last year. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, it was part. So so I guess back to what I'll talk about is so obviously three positions, fill them. Y'all fill them, let's say in a week. I know that's realistically not. But this particular officer is wins his reinstated. Bring savings back and it shouldn't affect the budget any kind of way at all. So so I think so I guess if I believe what I'm understanding from you is that you believe there's four open positions today. If with the fourth being the variable about the person that's on appeal. Probably. That's correct. Right. Council would perhaps I would recommend is I mean our our HR director's not here, but what I would recommend is I think I understand your concern if the concern is just a roll current open positions into this budget, but not any new positions. That's something that we can clarify. We can clarify that administrative. I think you understand your intention. You want to make sure that if if that if that position on appeal is one of these three, well then it's two if if it's if it's separate from this that it's yeah, I understand both both positions and that's really why I don't I don't have any reason to know that it's other than this, but we can we can have you and I just wanted to make sure that you understand what was. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So yeah, I'm in my additional motion to allow the feeling of a three vacant positions with no additional staffing with the exception of our. With exception. Yeah, that was part of the one. Exceptions. Yeah. Any council comments or discussion related. Thank you. Deputy Chief. Okay, just I guess maybe a good time to invite any other public comment at this time. All right, so this budget just for clarification that we that we prepared and presented to you has three positions that are being rolled over. There was a request for seven new positions. Well in this budget of request for five new positions, the department's request was seven and then there'll be in the nine vehicles. So what we're asking for is to we're leaving the salary increases are that were proposed are built into this plan. So what we're doing is removing the new positions with the exception of the rolled over positions and adding the additional SRO. So does that sound like we on the same page with it? All right. Is there any further comment? Any council comment public comment? All right. We had a motion and a second mischordery. Please call the vote to the budget as amended. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Michelle Pine. Yes. Mr. Leneu. Yes. Mr. Pogion. Yes. Motion. I just like I guess let me just make a comment about that. I mean, so we can give maybe some I guess reassurance to the members of the YPD. You know, councilman Stansberry, you made a comment that you were committed to maybe having some some discussion maybe like you know further discussions about the strategy there. I know you and I talked at one point and I think I mean obviously I mean this and I'm just one person that doesn't get a vote unless there's a tie. I think that we're all cognizant of the fact that the department must grow them in our cities growing. I mean, we're we're growth growth in our budgets seems like it makes sense to be growth in the budget seems to be makes sense and commensurate with population growth revenue growth those type of things. So the time will come when we'll make the modifications. I mean, we're not I don't think anyone appears naive to think that adding additional patrols not something that we'll get to. We did go through a similar exercise recently at our police department. I have the pleasure of serving on the board of directors there at the fire department. Excuse me. So we went through a similar exercise like wins the right time to add additional staffing. What metrics do you want to use to make those decisions? So if there's anything that we can do to to participate, facilitate or help guide that process. I mean, I would certainly be happy to be part of it or or to you know, have a point to use there that that can help guide you to give you the right information. So all right. There's no other items on that the next item on the agenda this evening is 4.1 other business and it's an executive session to discuss pending civil actions pursuant to Louisiana 4217 A2 and 4 as follows A. We all a landry versus young soul city docket C 202 3 3187 C B Justin Dessormo versus young soul city docket C 202 317 4 AG and C chief Ricky Boudreau the declaratory action. Do I have a motion to enter into executive session? Motion. Second. All right. A motion by that to get her councilman Bolgiano seconded by councilman standsbury just for clarification I should have asked a part of your motion council members who would you like to join into that executive session? All right, Tony. Okay council members and city attorney. It's up to you guys. And also he'd like myself to be in the mayor and city clerk in the Colgate group. All right. Any you know good with the motion and the second on that any public comment related to the executive session prior to the council vote to enter into the executive session. If there's no public comment miss Kajary please call the vote to enter an executive session. Mr. Stainter yes yes Mr. New yes Mr. Bolgiano yes Mr. Romero yes all right it's 619 we'll be back as quickly as we can thank you guys. Yeah. Oh I'll ask you to call on it maybe just for clarification. All right is there a motion to enter back into regular session? A motion to enter back into regular session man. So I got. I thank you Miss Shampine Mr. Lennon. Miss Kijer please call the vote. Miss Shampine yes Mr. Lennon yes Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Romero yes Mr. Stainter yes motion approved. All right thank you council if you if you allow me to Catherine's given us some you may have passed this to the or is that what the info we have a clarification I think on the or chart. Yes my apology Wade if you would mind just maybe update in the public on these executive session. Councilor Samir you want to do executive session just to discuss the three items on the agenda and to bring the council up to date on the status of each of those pending litigations involving the city of Young'sville. All right thank you sir. All right Catherine did you want to address this or maybe our gave whomever would like to if you'd like. So I spoke with Gary while y'all in session about the clarification on the or the part for the police department. Catherine can you push my word towards you please. Sure thank you. So it looks like the SRO sergeant is temporarily in absence it was back built into a shift sergeant patrol. You gave please correct me I'm saying this wrong so we have one temporary opening there one opening under shift B and the other officer that we originally had as a traffic sergeant is a new position so that yellow became green. So technically there's one new SRO for 2024 for patrol officers and one new traffic sergeant officer requests and all well except for the SRO everything's rollover for last year. That's right. Okay. So that's all supervised and that's not you and what you're looking at that position is actually in the criminal investigation division and that's SRO falls under that division. Okay and then the this should be officer would be a new no that just oh it's a position already there that's there just yeah just got you and that went to arpin okay so yeah is that what I'm seeing we're only seeing one open position at this time that's correct with short on one shift on shift B okay so you're only going to fill one position wait I'm not following yes just on time right we don't have one according to New York chart there's only one that's correct the current vacant currently by so that's what you're going to fill the one position still not following because I don't want to sit around or respond that emotion in the second earlier was to only fill vacant positions that were already budgeted in the prior year well that would be all three three that's what I'm telling you we have three the blue was temporary moved to the person that we can't talk about it it would not mention that person's name that's where the blue is for all practice purpose because the person that was in the blue position would cover the shift because we need that person more partly there and I'm covering where that blue person is I'm taking those again okay they're under me okay so you yeah he's filling the blue the new SRO and the open on B correct that's correct yeah that's the three the new SRO is a separate item that we have proved yes so you have two open positions to fill that is correct and our class we're adding the arca I'm sorry you're arca arca only has jet correct right now that's the only officer they have right and the one that you'll just approve all ago would be for this new person yeah which is separate from the open positions that's correct sounds too open okay yes we had one at orca yes covering I think the what they would call lower school they're opening their high school yes and they want another one for the high school so the one that is on the chart that you're approving is the one for the high school okay I know we're on I'm determined this chiefs the day do they give any inclination they want to have a second one of the high school eventually to someone of what southside has yes yes okay because my understanding they probably their students on campus will probably more than southside now so what we're looking at then besides all of that is you're trying to put five officers on each shift instead of four right and creating a fifth spot or a fourth spot I'm sorry three four yeah three or four and then another traffic officer's what's that it's correct okay can I get very efficient when you table everything that did not include the three percent for the the men and when I know okay I just want to clarify it was all staff officers oh yeah okay I think that was one of the first things I was mentioned okay so to clarify looks like there's one open position that was budgeted last year okay the way to win last year for the last budget year y'all gave us three and then we could fill one per quarter but in the process as we was filling vacancies we also lost people so again we're just still trying to fill the vacancies that we had from last year and the three that we got given to us last year and then for this budget year that's coming up that's why we actually additional four that way we could put one more person on each shift hmm just curious the traffic department do they have set hours like are do they supplement the other three on shift at all ever we have the traffic sergeant right now the traffic officer they come in they stagger the hours one comes in at seven in the morning and then the other guy comes in at nothing nine so that what we got covers during the morning school traffic and school traffic exactly now that school is out they both come in at eight and work they eight to five okay so they're essentially on a I guess a day shift yes okay there are any other questions council ma'am yes ma'am deputy chief this org chart only shows one officer open those where the other officers because you said we haven't filled some you haven't filled some of them yes great so what are they I don't want you to say their names but which ones don't we have that's all that's showing on our org chart because we're not showing three openings right and that I see right but again those were budgeted last year we requested the additional officers and the council gave us three we just hadn't had opportunity to fill those positions as I say in the process we also lost people so that's where some of x is you're not seeing them because they just they were here but they're no longer here so our our current budget is budgeted for four officers per shift yes which we're not reflecting this isn't reflecting three from my issue that's correct I'd I'm more comfortable going back to the one that we started with honestly because I was I was I mean every between Kristen Kristen's under the impression that there's three open positions that are ready to be filled yes yes that is correct okay all right and that's that's really what you were looking at before so I think plus the one yeah so I think the only part of the this was part of the issue that's why we're going to be meeting yeah yeah this and some other things we just need to get on the same page before we do any so so in the in the higher process of the three we approved we ended up losing three and you transferred three into those positions and left the three still open so you never filled them begin with that's why I still think so you need to fill that the the SRO position the CID position and then the officer on b shift plus the three that you still currently had ever filled yes so essentially being two after that I'm I'll let's talk if you yeah that's no I'm I'm understand I went back to the old one yeah this one I don't have the old one it was this one and it shows the CID SRO officer at the top left as need to be filled it showed shift B officer need to be filled but that's but that's not correct it needs to be filled I'm in that position right now the CID supervisor yeah I'm taking on responsibility that the CID supervisor was there went to patrol because we needed it's supervising the cover to shift so because that shift already was short I had only two officers so the way the motion read if correct me if I'm wrong was to allow to fill three vacant positions and add one SRO for charter school USA that's great so to give you the ability to fill three vacant positions and then higher one additional officer for that SRO position yeah that's what we got because the CID sergeant position he went to cover patrol because of the other subject pending yeah I mean I'm not yeah I think that I think the position wise I'm not worried about yeah just to reset for me and I think the only question that we had was whether or not it was whether it was what the impact of the litigation correct the right right I'm not to say we will never show these positions yes no no we're trying to get on the same page yeah I think we're on the same page because the thing is we positions the last right and SRO okay we have been we had applicants in the process we processed our written I spoke with Kristen we had three vacancies to fill yeah so of those five we chose the best three candidates that we thought would fit for the young's police department they were contacted last Friday so they can continue the hiring process they all turn this down okay so now we back at square one we do have other people right now in the the process that's being published you know processed but that's where we had so so you're looking for three yes yeah and we have the ability to have three yes yeah the ability the only variable is just whether or not where where the person under appeal is that that's the only question that's the only clarifying question that I think there is so yeah okay any reason why they turned us down well one decided to stay where he's currently employed and if I'm not mistaken I know for certain one went to the left and pair of sheriff's office I think maybe both but for certain one I forgot what the other reason was well and saying great all right any any other comments or questions are any other any other business before the council to see me ready start motion to adjourn motion adjourn all right thank you mr. eros second by mr. standsbury before I just want to compliment and thank mr. barley Mrs. Greg and Terry and all of our department heads for working together and of course for the cooperative cooperative spirit of the council members for getting the budget approved tonight so thank you all very much all in favor of a journey all right meeting adjourn thank you all so much hope you have a great evening