front of you is a copy of this particular sheet is basically just from the builder. I guess how they're gonna outlie the lot. And you see when you look at the front, there was 20 feet, no, I'm sorry, the front on this one, if you look at the right, right above the DSOD home, you'll see 25 feet, 10 inches, 3 1 1, the developer, or the builder set this property back 25 feet, although the lot allowed them to be closer. And I'm sorry, I don't have the plot in front of me. I know you provided it. I think it allowed it to be 20, or it's been 20? Yeah, this a lot, allowed it for 20. That's what she thought she was buying. The builder set it at 25. Therefore, it shrunk the backyard smaller. And what you see on the back here is a proposed pool and spa that has the five foot set back on the rear, which is gonna be not in compliance with your ordinance. This reason that I botched it or? No, gritty, spot on. Okay. We picked the lot, we picked the house. We made sure the house fit on the lot. We made sure that the 20 foot set back. We planned the pool based on all of that. We didn't find out that it was 25 and 10 and 3 quarters until after we saw in contract and after it was framed. Yeah. And then at that point, too late. Mr. Bulljana. So I guess when we all sat down and did the original plans of the 20 feet, by the time you came back, they had formed a slab at the 25 foot work. Yes. Okay. That makes sense. Miss Shambai. Mayor, we also have a pool ordinance. What do you know right off hand? I can't remember what it was the pools. Yeah, pools are allowed, provided that they're within the setbacks. So in a normal lot that rear setback is 10 feet. So they only, I say a normal lot, the exception would be if the property butts up to the neighborhood's retention pond. It allows it to encroach that rear setback further. So the ordinance for swimming pools wouldn't allow it because it's seeking 10 feet in the back. The idea behind it for the public's knowledge was neighborhoods are designed to have so much impervious area. So if the entire neighborhood, this is one lot within a neighborhood. If the entire neighborhood decides to concrete from property corner to property corner, then there's not enough absorption in that development. It's not designed for that. A neighborhood like Sugarmote Pond, because the setbacks are tighter and it's closer and how do they fit so much stuff in there? Well, the drainage design is maybe a little, should be more rigorous to allow for that. And your ordinance on this council came from the, from after the flood, trying to mitigate, trying to reduce