Good evening everyone and welcome. It's Thursday February 8th. The time is 6 p.m. We welcome you to the February meeting of the Youngso City Council in Mayer. For our opening, I would ask Pastor Joe Kormey from First Assembly Youngsoville to lead us in the invocation. And if you please remain standing, our pledges this evening will be led by Councilwoman Shampon. Pastor, welcome sir. Thank you so much. Such an honor to be here as always. Just take a moment and read from Psalm 133. It says, behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we thank you for just the spirit of unity that you're bringing into our city. Lord, as we just discuss your business and the business of this city, the business of its citizens. Lord, I pray that today that we can keep the best interest of everyone in our minds as we decide and make decisions in this meeting today. Lord, I pray that over this weekend, the festivities that are coming, Lord, I just pray that you just keep our citizens safe, that you protect them, that you keep our public officials in your hands and in your care. Lord, for all of our families that you let them grow closer together as they grow closer to you. And finally, Lord, we just thank you for just the blessings and prosperity you've poured out upon Young'sville and upon its citizens. Lord, I pray that you continue to bless us and that we continue to have thankful hearts as we remember everything that you've done for us. And we pray all these things in the name of Jesus. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic, which stands combination under God and individual liberty to us. Thank you so much, Pastor. Ms. Gidry, please call the God the roll. Ms. Barest, here, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Marrow, Ms. Cre, here, Ms. Shampine, here. All right, thank you, Nicole. Before I begin, I just want to acknowledge our school board members here with us today, Jeremy Hodago. Welcome, sir. We're happy to have you with us. And then also our representative Pierre representing Mayor President Boulay. So welcome. We're happy to have you here. He's Mayor President Boulay's new municipal affairs liaison. So looking forward to work continuing to work with you. So nice to see you. Right, agenda item 3.1, Chief Lou Viers asked to recognize a couple of his Young'sville police officers chief. I'll turn it over to you, sir. Thank you very much, Mayor. It's important to me to let our city know our council know everybody know how great our guys do. They go out there every day. They bust their butts for us for our citizens to make sure we're safe. And whenever they go above and beyond and do these things, I want to make sure they recognize for