do business with not at the expense of getting it wrong, but we want to be easy to do business with and be able to work with developers from concept to CEO certificate of occupancy. So for us to be able to do that, we need to know what rules are we following to share with developers to be able to do so. Yes, sir, please. And I'm going to be able to make a vote for Matt Gula and I'm one of the developers in the downtown area developed Avenue A. I was a part of the Metri Center development and also with Sugar Mill Pond, the new townhomes next to. And, and really when I was preparing, I thought we were going to have a vote to where it was just going to be single family homes. I'm trying to tone it down here. But so the biggest thing for us is, you know, we've invested heavily in this area over the last several years. We're betting on young's will we love young's will we see in the growth. And when we purchase most of our property or all of our property was under the new ordinance. Besides Avenue A, everything was after the new ordinance in 2022. So the biggest thing there was, you know, it's like, you know, we invest in this area and for things to just dramatically turn to a yes or no vote is something that we felt was unfair. And then too, you know, every time we have a development, we come and we usually do a pre-development meeting. I usually contact Kim like, hey, you know, can we sit down and meet with everyone and see if this is in line with the vision of young's will and we respect that we want to be in line with the growth of young's will. And in the event it doesn't align the council still has the ability to cancel it. So that was my main point if we were ever to get to, you know, a place where we're like, hey, only single families are allowed in this area. Those would be my arguments is that you could still with the current ordinance in place and zoning structure. We can still turn down if it's not something that is in line with the vision. And then you brought up town homes, I guess, to give everybody some more clarity on why probably town homes or coming up more than normal is because town homes are a single family product. So it's from a financing perspective is the same as a single family home on the secondary market for financing. So, you know, it's typically people would build a town home with the intention to sell in it for a family or anyone. Now that you can't prevent someone from buying it as an investment and put it up for rent. But that's the difference between a condo and an apartment. Those are