through private development that everything's marked properly, preventatively, to save issues potentially in the future if they go out in the lines. The accuracy, a lot of prevention can go into place before we record the final plots. So, Mayor, one thing I'd like to say about Amanda, she's real inter-work and she takes the prodding what she does and does a really good job in any time that information is needed. She has it, so my coos out. I agree. I agree. Thank you for bringing it forward, Amanda. All right. All right, motion by Mr. Romero and second by Ms. Barras. Any discussion, any public comment? Okay, Ms. Kidjury, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Cree. Yes, Mr. Romero? Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Barras? Yes, motion approved. Are you playing good? All right. For announcements this evening, I'm going to yield my time initially at least to Haley, to update us on an initiative she's been working on. Yeah, thanks, Mayor. So, I just want to let everybody know about an event that we've been working on in the Mayor's office. August 30th through September 15th, we are going to be doing each suite restaurant week. So, we have, we've already got about 12 restaurants that have signed on, and I expect a lot more of the deadline is Monday, so I expect more to come. But basically, we're going to ask everyone to get their little passports out, which I'll be providing closer to the event, and you're going to go around and visit our restaurants, eat in our restaurants, and we've got some great prizes, all of the restaurants are contributing gift cards that we will basically after you go get stamped at a certain number of restaurants to be determined, based on how many we have participating. You'll turn in your passport the week after, and we will be doing prize drawings for gift cards for all of the restaurants that are participating, as well as we are very grateful to the Chidamatcha Tribe of Louisiana. They have donated a complimentary night's stay in Cyprus Bayucasino Hotel, along with a $400 gift card to Miss Celestor's Rest Stake House Restaurant. So some great prizes, and it's a great way to get out, support your local businesses, support your local restaurants, and eat sweet youngsville. Thank you, Hilly. All right, look forward to seeing that rolled out. And there is information already on the website, eat sweet youngsville.com, and then you'll also see lots of stuff going out on the city's Facebook page, and you'll see stuff going up into businesses, hopefully, in the next week. Thanks, Hilly. All right, Pam. Yeah, well mine's not as interesting out. Get to get to the side. Nobody's gonna get a prize, and nobody's gonna get to eat, but you will get to travel faster and safer in the future, so that's what I can do. So Highway 89, I'm sure you guys are noticing, they've knocked