let's say it's to renimult, then I would like to have these variances as they sit. Our assumption right now is that we're looking at it as one lot. So the the the variances that I brought up like 10 in the back, five on one side, 10 on this, that is the assumption that stays one parcel. Correct. And then to Ms. Barrett's to your point earlier, if it does become subdivided, I mean, we have to, there's a whole, there's a process there that they would have to go through. But I guess it's not probably, well, I haven't given him the variances for my foot, 10 through five foot, whatever it is. So if it subdivided, those said that's really already there. Correct. Well, the sub based on your action tonight, if his proposed variances granted, it's under the assumption that we're looking at this as one parcel of property, should he choose to subdivided? And that that variance would no longer be applicable because one lot then becomes like eight. It would start a whole new discussion. Correct. It'll be back on the agenda. Yes, this is the correct. The preliminary design. He makes a decision before he comes back. Are there any other council comments or questions or concerns? All right, Mr. Rivera. This is going to be worthy. Can I ask one question? Yeah, please, Pam. Just to clarify, so if we go through with the variances, do negative points still apply? I'm not saying they have to, I'm just, it's a question just to clarify, because I know we've had some that have asked for variances in the past. And then when we, they've given the variance, but there's also negative points when they get up to it. So if you're allowed five and you go, there's still some negative points. So you might say he can go to it, but do negative points still accumulate to where they have to do positive points? Let me ask this. Maybe if you do, he's more green space than we probably would want. So it's probably going to, it's going to counteract it anyway. All right, so, so, okay, so with the question that Pam's asking you guys to, to factor in, if you look at, you have a copy of the order in some front of you. Let me find exactly where we're talking about, because there is, or the points illustrated. The dwelling units 22 and a half to 24.9. Yeah, but like I'm looking for like the basically the, so to speak, the menu, okay, yeah, positive. But density, density. Yeah, look at page one of the of the ordinance itself, you know, so page one of eight of the ordinance. See, it says positive points menu. And so, so the intention of the ordinance is, hey, this is the density and the things that we want. If you drop down to this, you get negative points. And then the way you,