 All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome. Like to call the meeting to order today is Thursday, June 8th. We welcome you to Young's Old City Hall. This evening, I'd like to invite Deacon Joshua LeBlanc to lead us in our invocation. And then if you'll remain standing, the pledge this evening will be led by councilmember Lundy Boljiano. Thank you. Heavenly Father, you're sent your son as a perfect example of integrity and service reminding us that we came that he came to be served, that he came not to be served, but to serve, showing us the way to selflessness and love. Grant us the strength and humility to follow in your footsteps as we fulfill our roles as stewards of this city. We ask for your guidance, dear Lord, as decisions are made that impact the lives of our fellow citizens. Help us always to seek the truth and to act with integrity in all matters. May we be honest and transparent in our dealings, ensuring justice and fairness prevail in our city. We pray for unity among us, Lord, recognizing that a house divided against itself cannot effectively serve the people we represent. Help us to set aside any personal egos, agendas, and instead work together for the common good. With discussions and debates here, be marked by respect and understanding, allowing us to find the best solutions for the challenges we face. Grant us, O Lord, a deep sense of responsibility for the well-being of our city and all its citizens. Help this council to make decisions that promote harmony, equality, and the dignity of every individual human person. Inspire us to be compassionate and just, remembering the words you spoke, whatever you do for one of the least of these you did unto me. We entrust the future of Young'sville into your hands, loving father. Guide us in our efforts to create an environment where integrity flourishes, where the needs of the vulnerable are met, and where justice is upheld. Help us to be mindful of our duty to serve. May all authority use their positions to make positive differences in the lives of those they represent. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, your Son, who lives and reigns with you in the Holy Spirit, God forever and ever, amen. Name of the Father, Son, Holy Spirit, amen. I want to leave it to the people of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation, under God, in the end of Israel, with liberty and justice for all. All right, welcome again, Indika, and thank you so much. We appreciate your work as our chaplain of the Young'sville Police Department as well. So it's a pleasure to have you here this evening. All right, agenda item 2.1 is approval of the meeting minutes May 11, 2023. All right, thank you, Miss Champagne, second by Mr. Volgiano. Any council comment, any public comment? There's no public comment. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Lennon. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Sanbury. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Motion approved. Right, agenda item 3.1 approval of the Finance Report April 2023. So moved. All right, thank you. Thank you. Motion by Romero, second by Lennon. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Council Finance Report shows that 11 of the 12 months of the fiscal year sales tax increase year of a year is 6.18%. So it's the closest we've finished to our actually budget. We budget it's 6% above year of year. So the 11 months in 6.18%. So we're very, very close with the one month still to report. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Sanbury. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. Okay. But no, I'm not a 4.1. Approved the daily advertisers the official journal for the city of young so for fiscal year 2023, 2024. Motion. All right. I'm a motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Miss Champagne. Any council comments or discussion? Any public comment? There was a bill in the legislature and get to see all the details of it, but it didn't, I don't think it worked out to try to get some changes to that rule, or that the ability to choose someone else. Well, I'll be curious to read it to see how that ended or didn't, and that didn't change. So, Ms. Gidry. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansbury? Yes. Mr. Fine. Yes. Mr. Lennon. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Motion-free. All right, thank you. 4.2, Mr. Steven Bajad, to request a variance to the commercial development requirements and land use regulations to allow his commercial business to operate within his residence. Mr. Steve, Mr. Steven's here. Yes, sir. Thank you for being here this evening, sir. Basically, what I'm doing is in the process of obtaining my federal farm's license, having a engraving business, I've been running it out of there for a while now. I'm not looking to do any signage. I've already got approval from the HOA to do it. No on-site sales, no nothing like that. Basically, it's gun smithing. So, I would receive the weapon engraving and deliver it to where it needs to be. Part of requesting this is to make the process smoother as the ATF requires that the Homeowners Association is okay with it, as well as there's no zoning issues. So, that brings me here today. As long as there's no zoning issues, that's what I'm requesting. So, it's really not changing the land use. Primary elusive is the residence of the home. It's just a small portion of my home that I used to do in the radio. Yeah, and Councillor, just for, it was a late, it was an email that was sent from our team, from the staff to you guys. I personally don't have any particular issue with it. I mean, just in the spirit of the existing land use ordinance and commercial development code to provide a letter of no objection requires there to be a variance before you guys. So, that's what it's here for today. You know, the land use ordinance, it doesn't specifically reference any type of home-based business. We all know that those exist. Those are generally regulated on a complaint basis. If there's, you know, there existing, we don't know about it, or even when we do know about it, I mean, we're not doing, you know. I'm going on six years, and it has been no issue with this. This is just one of the things that would make it smoother. I'm not asking anything, you know, no deteriorating thing else. So, no change to your base. Absolutely no change. The letter just makes it smooth and lets the ATF when they do an inspection say, city's okay with it, neighborhood's okay with it. The neighborhood would have said no, we wouldn't be here. Got you. So, it's basically just expediting your re-approval process. Is that a barrier? It just makes it, yes, it makes it smoother, because they're not going to have to come to the city that to make sure everything's okay. And it's a zoning issue, which I know we don't have zoning, we have land use all of that. So, that's right. That's all there. I send an email to the city, or I guess the permitting, asking for a letter, basically says if they, H-O-E is okay with it. That's great. Yeah, that's great. Any, any, any, that? Ms. Gator, do you have that letter from A to A? I did, I thought about it. I emailed it to, did you? I emailed it to permitting. Yeah, I have it. I have it, yes. Okay, because I'm with me, but it's, no. You just verify him? Yes, I verify it. Okay, thank you, Clint. My only question is, I just want to make, and you stated this, but there'll be no traffic, no, course, please. No, the H-O-E is, I mean, part of the, I'm, I'm live right across the, right around the block from part of the H-O-E restrictions is no on-site sales, so they don't want the traffic. And I don't, I don't want the traffic in my house. So you do this for businesses. They can send you to gun, you're going to stay up a month. Correct. Basically, marking their information onto the file. And returning that. And returning back to the file. So no different, obviously, I own some of your products. So no different than what you're currently doing now, right? Absolutely not. No one would ever know that what's going on. It's just the only reason is I'm requesting a letter because it makes it smoother. Trip for the H-O-E. Any, any public already, what's the pleasure of the council? I guess it's rather easy. Motion to approve. All right, motion by Ms. Shumpan. Second, Mr. Leno, the further council comment or discussion. Any other public comment related to the variance request. So it's a variance to the, just to the land use for the, obviously for the existing business. So that way it's only for this specific one. Yeah, okay. All right, Ms. Gidrup, please call it that. Mr. Stansberry? Yes. Ms. Shumpan? Yes. Mr. Moonew? Yes. Mr. Voljiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you. We'll wait. So we'll regroup whether it needs to come from our city of Charity or from permitting. But we'll get you something we probably can get it to you tomorrow. If that's okay. Thank you. All right, thank you. Thanks for being here, sir. All right, resolutions 5.1. Resolution 2023-15. A resolution to adopt. 2022-2023. Minutes for water. Pollution prevention plan for the Young Zool Racewater Treatment Facility. Move to several resolution number 2023-15. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Second, Mr. Stansbury. The comments or questions related to the resolution. The public comment. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidjur, please call the vote. Ms. Shumpan? Yes. Mr. Moonew? Yes. Mr. Voljiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansbury? Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you. Council 5.2. Resolution 2023-16. A resolution of the city of Young Zool declaring movable property as surplus and assignment for public internet auction. This is some of our remaining office furniture in the annex building and also in the existing chamber building with the chambers relocation and also the historic society taking over 307 Iberia. We have some items that really we're just trying to eliminate outside storage cost. So this is the right way to declare it surplus. And Nicole is going to do some based on the same way we've gotten rid of other assets before. So motion to approve. All right, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Shumpan. Second by Mr. Linnu. Any further counsel comments or questions? Any public comment? I know public comment. Ms. Gidjur, please call the vote. Mr. Moonew? Yes. Mr. Voljiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansbury? Yes. Mr. Shumpan? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. 2.3 is resolution 2023 17 a resolution of the city of Youngsville authorizing the mayor to accept the dedication of a moveable property at 1001 Giot Road from a Katie and the development and construction LLC. Move to adopt. All right. Thank you, Mr. Stansbury. Mr. Romero, this is generally when we accept infrastructure from a new development. This was one of the assets that we thought we had ownership of already. But the developer was still getting the tax bill for it. So we were trying to get it straightened up with the tax assessor's office and they just asked us for a resolution. So what we'll probably do is just maybe a new process they're doing, I'm not sure. But it's probably a best practice where we'll prior to accepting the dedication of the roads and streets that we may, if that's going to be their process, we may consider doing a resolution. We have to figure out what we think. Yeah. So if this is going to become their new standard, so anyway, that's what this is about. It's for St. David's cove to take over their lift station. So that way the developer doesn't have to pay property taxes anymore on that particular site that we're maintaining. All right. Any public comment? All right. Let's get your call with the police. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansbury. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Lennon. Yes. Mr. Lennon. All right. Thank you, Council. So ordinances for introduction 6.1. It's budget amendment ordinance 484-2023 to amend the annual operating budget of revenues. Oh, excuse me, I apologize. 5.4 is resolution 2023-18. Resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute four. And on behalf of the city of Young'sville, the Paris of Lafayette in active substantial completion from ARL construction contractor pertaining to completion of a contract for the sports complex splash pad. Motion for resolution number 2023-18. Right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Mr. Volgiano, this is invite the public this Saturday morning at 10 a.m. we're going to officially open the splash pad, splash park to the public. So this is a formality to start the closeout process with that contractor. Any other any council comment or discussion? Miss Champagne. I'm sorry, Mayor. I saw the purchase list. Is everything complete on the planter list? So they still work on the purchase. Right. Right. Right. Okay. Good. Thank you. Any other comments or questions? Any public comment? All right. This is your please call the Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. All right. Ornansis for introduction. We have set our budget adoption meeting for Thursday. June 29th. That will be at, uh, I've got it. It's five or six o'clock. What I'll confirm that five public hearings. It's a box special. All right. So if you're interested in the new fiscal year for the city starts July 1st. So tonight we're introducing a note of frost to adopt. The new budget on the night of the 29th. We're introducing two related ordinances. The first one is a gin item 6.1. Budget amendment ordinance number 484. 2023, which is an ordinance. Amending the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of young zoo Louisiana for the fiscal year 2223. We're all introduced ordinance number 484. 2023. All right. Thank you, Mr. Stansberry. Second by councilman Champagne. Any council comments or discussion? Any public comment or discussion? All right. We invite you to come back on June 29th. I'd tell her more about the particulars of the budget. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Mr. Champagne. Yes. Mr. Renew. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion for. All right. Thank you, council. 6.2. Budget ordinance 485. 2023. An ordinance. Adopted the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of young zoo Louisiana for the new fiscal year 2324. Motion to adopt. All right. Thank you, Mr. Champagne. Mr. Romero. Thank you. All right. So we'll comment or discussion. Any public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Mr. Renew. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Motion to approve. It's 6.3. Anxation ordinance 486. 2023. An ordinance of the city of young zoo Louisiana. Amending the official map of the city of young zoo providing for the annexation of additional land into the corporate limits of the city of young zoo Louisiana. Being the track owned by Isaiah and Kayla Myers consisting of .48 acres located in section 8 township 11. South range 5 East Slapia parish as shown on that map titled. Map showing property to be annexed to the city of young zoo Louisiana 118 metals draw. Prepare by Kevin Domain. This is a continued contiguous to our city limits. It's my understanding that the new owner trying to seek utility services water. So I'm not sure if in the. President or the owner of 118. Yeah. If you'd like to comment, you're certainly welcome to. Just. Yeah. Yeah. I thought that's thought that's what it was. Any misschomp. Sorry. Any council comments or questions? No. All right. Thank you. Make a motion to accept. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Second. All right. Second by Miss Shampine. All right. Any council comments or questions? Any other. Any feedback from the audience members? All right. Yeah. Here are known. Let's call the vote. Mr. Renew. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansbury. Yes. Miss Shampine. Yes. All right. Thank you. We'll bring it back for one more vote for final adoption. We'll. Days after that. Yeah. But once it's in motion, we'll work with you on that. So if the goal is to try to get water, we have a water line right in front of the house. So. All right. Thank you so much. All right. All right. We are yet staff announcements. So. And let's not miss something. No. Earlier. Earlier I did admitted admittedly. Tim, you want to go first? Yes. So under undispoised programs right now, I see baseball and softball league. We've selected all star teams. And they play. This will be their second pre-all star tournament this weekend coming up. Sugar beat summer league registration ended. And we have our largest league to date with 160 teams. And the summer league will start in about two weeks. F&A has started games on Thursday and Fridays. 2D baseball, fastest softball, Cajun Express softball tournaments are continuing. 2D baseballs, World Series and fastest state softball tournament will be coming also. All tennis programming continues at this time. We are hosting the Barcelona soccer camp. It will take place the week of June 19th through the 23rd. And Barcelona Soccer Club is one of the world's dominant soccer organizations. Kind of comparing almost to have the Yankees coming to town. They're actually from Spain. Their training and methodology is considered one of the top in the world. They usually only come to large metropolitan areas. We were able to host them in Young's who in 2018. And they really enjoyed being here. The campers will come from far away to take part in their camp with over 150 campers. Recreation Center all pick-a-ball counts on aging classes. Free play continues. We're hosting the summer basketball camps in tournaments this month and next month. Biddy basketball summer league will begin in about two weeks. Especially events. We recently had the MMA event that took place on the World Day weekend. Which was the largest attended event. Yeah, they've had another one before this one. But this one was the most well attended. I heard it was sold out. Is that correct? Pretty much. Who was that? That's the MMA. The Young's in the Rotary of course, pick-a-ball and pints. We decided not to talk about it. Fourth of July event. We're continuing to plan for that. The Mustang World Series coming up towards end of July. The Asia Pacific Zone can travel again. So Japan will be part of the tournament this coming year. And girls World Series will be back in 24 and 25. Of course, the splash park we had substantial completion. So the fun day will be Saturday at 10 a.m. The Bubble Bus of Acadiana. MLR Magic, face painters and balloon artists. Kona Ice, Charlie's Ice Cream Truck and YC Concessions. Fun jumps from Bouncy Bounce. So that will take place this coming Saturday. And that's everything. All right. Any questions for Tim? It would be nice to have the full international pony tournament again this year. So thank you. Sarah. Sarah. Sarah is our civil engineer with domains. The wastewater treatment plan upgrade is in permitting with L.D.H. And L.D.Q. And we're awaiting the rate study. I believe they finally. Yes. We just received confirmation. The critical path was getting a rate study to make sure we're charging our appropriate rates. And we're there. We're waiting for the right study. We're waiting for the right study. We don't have a timeline yet, but at least a couple of months. That's a. That's a holding every day. The water plant is also awaiting the right study. Waterline interconnections. Awaiting the right study and it's in permitting. And the elevated storage tank is awaiting the right study. So once we have that. We'll be ready to. So yeah, as soon as I can. All right. Thank you. Appreciate the update. Any questions about anything from domains? We did. We told Susa that we did submit the streetscape project and pump station up. Pump station three. Land and work hard to submit that for us to be for the LMA. Louisiana Municipal Association Community Achievement Awards. This year, as you all know, last year we were. ISQUA God sodium George Monter at that time. We went further to look at the very beginning. In the last days, the VMA definition, the national system, rueford aptly spelled their names at the end of the year.ary school screen and six social restraints were very there. We thought that schools were always snug to disseminate those server little insider works that soccer court members can learn. But it's as though, I hope that we could pass through many of them. And I think we could put something in that for gradually its improvement over the possible, by buying pets, hybrid, lifting their back, people of the public talk and distributed. This space can come in stores to color spin materialos. We could also shape future models for small free modeling. All right. So on our Dessentia Ponds first, Bayley Grove, we had one already online, which was pod five at 1010. We're hoping by the end of this month, pod one would be online. If we wouldn't have had a lot of rain, we probably would be by next week. But our goal is to have two online at the end of this month, two additional online at the end of July with the remaining one in August. So our hopes are by August, we would have all five ponds. They only have pond three left to dig. All of the ponds have been the excavation portion of the projects have been complete on Bayley Grove on Cooley, LaSalle. They should have at least one work in by the end of July with the second one in August. And they are about 80% complete on their excavation efforts. 2022 roadway improvements, we are currently working on the Foster Park connector with Fairfield Fairfax, whatever phase it is right now, three Fairhaven. It's one of the fares. Correct me all the time. Well, it started out as one name, ended up with another name, but and then had another one. So they're doing, they're working on that right now. And so we that got pushed before coming back to North La Rivier since the contractor was in that area working on the subdivision, they're working on that right now. And we're working on quantities and design with the contract on the Velasco crossing. On South La Rivier, we turned in 95% preliminary plans to the state on Tuesday. And we are working on the core of engineer permit that we need to replace the bridge. And so, Cooley, we're still waiting on the state to be able to give us the notice to proceed. I know you guys fought sign the cooperative endeavor agreement, but we haven't heard back from them. Most importantly, fortune extension roundabout. So we have been working real close. Again, this is what the whole C-MAR process is with the contractor, his sub's, his whole team. And we've probably made about $225,000 worth of modifications, bringing the price down and just working with them based on certain materials availability and structures. So the process is working to where you have that ability to change the types of structures before you get in and do your GMP or if you were designed bid build. So the contractor will start next week removing trees along highway 89. So if somebody calls you, I mean, I saw other people were removing trees today on highway 89. That was not Golan Leje. They will start next week. You'll see them start moving some mats. We do have to protect the pipeline. So they have to bring in 600 feet of mats. And then they can start. And the goal is once they finish that, they'll move in to start doing the piping in the area of the mats along highway 89. So while the mats are there, we want to do the drainage. So you will see them doing that after tree removal. And then hopefully be able to enter into a GMP pretty soon on fortune. We are not going to go ahead. I know we're waiting on some HB2 finalization, but we can do early work. So we have enough information and the plans are far enough along that we can do early work and increments on fortune road round about. That's all. Yeah. Questions. Pam North River, the road will remain the same as just being re-overlaid or is that going to be a slight width added? It's supposed to be the same width, but every time we get out there and we start doing it, if we can, go a foot is usually what the maximum will do like we did with all of them. So we'll try. Once we get in there and we start seeing the condition and they start working with it a lot of times, we end up doing it wider because it makes it easier when we're doing sole cement any way to go out that extra foot, which is how you end up getting it. So if we can do it without the ditches being too steep or affecting too many driveways, then we'll do it. But it's easier to make that decision when we're in the field and we see what condition we have. But we always try. I think everyone we've done in the past, we have added a half a foot on each side if the ditch consistently will not be a problem. Appreciate it. Neil? Big milestone next week for 89 to finally be getting that kicked off and we've all been anxiously watching today. The legislative session had to end at 6 o'clock today so I didn't see all the final details yet. But we were hoping that the ink dries well for our capital outlay dollars. All right, thanks. Just a little quick update on the Youngsville Sports Complex phase two. They are out there. Also the dirt work is to grade right now. Both ponds are dug. They are beginning on the drainage aspect of the project. Water sewer is approved and they're going to do that after the drainage is in. We have submitted to the contractor, JB Mutal, all the plans necessary with the exception of just the stage component of the amphitheater. So all the electrical, mechanical, plumbing, structural, all that's done. So they are now in the motion if you will, of going towards the guaranteed maximum price so that we can begin those conversations and see where we're at. So far, so good. We've had some good weather with exception. I was telling Terry and I were talking before. I promise you we didn't plan any grass on that berm but it's growing a lot of grass right now. So Terry thought we hydroceded it but we did. So I guess it's just seeds coming from where we took the grass at but it's looking good out there. So anyway, any questions? We'll start seeing more and more work. IDIM construction is out there. They are JB Mutal sub that's doing the water sewer, drainage, and dirt work. And they've been pushing hard. They've been working weekends, taking advantage. Jude is taking advantage before we start getting into, you know, rain. So anyway, any questions? Thanks. Thanks. Thank you. Thanks. Appreciate it. And Clint, you have anything? No, just an observation to put it to the council. I noticed it last week. We were talking about this. The private development reports on your desk. You can see, I mean, last in the year 2022, there was 298 total residential apartments issued for the year, for the calendar year. And then this year, year to date, we're already at 259. You know, just shy of like 87% of last year's entire total. The reason for that is in April 130 apartments were issued for the individual units for sweet water point, which is that the residential development that was approved down near, um, centred defense. But even if you take that one project out of those 130 apartments, we're still like, I mean, just shy of like 45% of last year's total. So, you know, we've been wondering like, what's happening with residential development? Spiking interest rates, things like that. It's been pretty quiet on the plat approval, you know, the preliminary plat approval. But as you all know, we still have thousands of home sites that are in various stages of development across the city. So, still encouraging to see that we're pacing really, you know, on par with where we were the previous year, just from private development. Sorry. Thank you. Chief, anything for the public or the council? So, schools out, uh, reminder, license drivers only, operating golf carts, no four wheelers on the roadways, no, uh, razors, just the golf carts that have been permitted through the city. I don't remember the date. Don't have a date for another permitting session in Sugar Mill. I don't, but we'll get, uh, we'll make sure that we find that out from dawn. And that way, we make sure that sure, mo, it's sure, mo ponds where we were starting. Yes. So, we're basically a year from last year, we set out an initiative to make sure that everyone that operates a golf cart in the city, that registration is improved, ease of registration through our website and that we have community events in the neighborhoods. Don, I think, has done a phenomenal job of that. And now, since we're on the year anniversary of that, she's wanting to get back and kind of do that again. So, we'll make sure that the neighborhoods fully aware of when that is. And we'll get those schedules coordinated. That just the July 3rd fireworks being at the support complex issue. Yeah. Yeah. So, make plans accordingly. Yeah. Excited about that. We've been meeting a lot about the July 30 event. It's very similar in nature. Same organizers as previous years. But I think you will agree that we've just really outgrown the footprint of Sugar Mill pond development. Some of the areas that we're parking previously are now being developed. If you're on Savoy or Shimmy Metery or really from any viewpoint, I bury you can see new houses being developed in the newest phases, kind of to the south of Waterview apartments. So really, Sugar Mill pond is growing to a but to the sports complex. So, I think this will be a transitional year for us. We're moving the fireworks display to the sports complex in hopes that next year we'll be able to have it near the amphitheater on the expansion site. But we have a lot of great things planned for anyone that's, this is a good move. There'll be more parking this time next year. Sugar Mill pond sports complex, sports complex expansion. Next to the heart of our city, it's really exactly where we plan to be. It's not as far away as it once seemed when you see where the houses are currently being built in Sugar Mill pond. I mean, that was just a field. So, good reminder about that. Thank you, Chief Terry. Just a couple of things. A couple of things on the dog park. They started planning trees out there, running irrigation. We're going to be working on the drainage in the front along with the parking area. And then on the veterans park, the parking area has been poured to include access from the roadway so that there is some work in there. So, that's coming off pretty good. Just want to take the opportunity to congratulate Alex Madderow. He just received all fours across the board for water, treatment and all that. And then also, that's in his level three. It's good. It's very exciting. We were very proud. Alex is our new, well, he's been an associate. He's been a colleague of ours for several years. But when we saw it out for a water superintendent, we did a public search and our best applicant was right here within our own department. And to have somebody that already get four is the highest level of certification that you can get treatment production. There's multiple phases. And we have, I believe we had if someone of that qualification once before. And it was very short live because he was left for another agency. But anyway, he's a young zool resident. I'm very proud to have him on the team. And also, when I acknowledge Amanda Holiday that's here with us today, Amanda, everyone probably are, you may know her. She was our line locator. And she's now a maintenance supervisor in the public works department. She is all business out in the field. So it's a pleasure to have her and does a great job of locating utilities below ground, which is, you know, it's hard to do, in my opinion. So she works very closely with Clint and private development to make sure that before we accept any new infrastructure, that all the water and sewer lines are properly traced and marked where she can find them easier in the future. Not just for her, though, for other utility companies that are going in and after us to make sure that there's less or as least disruption as possible to our water and sewer lines to protect our investment. So thank you. Thanks for being here tonight. All right. We'll go to council announcements, Mr. Winnie. This Saturday, after everyone goes to the splash pad, I still want you to stay at the sports complex and come visit us at Pickle & Pints. It's our, and first of all, grow glow-in-the-dark pickleball tournament, benefiting rotary clubly youngsville, funds raised for scholarships, grants, things of that nature. We got the trophies today and they look awesome. So I'm pretty excited. They glow-in-the-dark, apparently. But no, I think we're going to have a good time. You don't have to play if you don't want to. You can just come spectate, but 18 and above only please because Pints, right? So alcohol will be served. Bontong will be serving concessions. We have a DJ. We'll have a good time no matter what. So that's all I got. All right. Thank you, sir. Mr. Volgiana. All right. Thank you. Mr. Romero. A correction. It's a splash park. That's opening at 10 a.m. on Saturday. No, that's a running joke. I think everybody's getting splash pads or has them, but of course, youngsville and Tim fashion has to be bigger and better, which I think we're all excited about. So hopefully you all can make it out. I think it's going to be a packed event and a lot to do for the family. So bring the kids out. Thank you, sir. Mr. Stansbury. Yes, Mayor, I'd like to recognize Michelle Nacan. Today, this morning, was her last meeting as president for the Rotary Club of Youngsville. She's been president for two years and probably a couple of months before that. I can't see her, but can I be smart? But look, you did a wonderful job. Thank you for your service to the community. We really appreciate it. Yeah. Look, someone told me a long time ago, the best is past president, the best position. That's so cool. It's all right. Thank you, Ken. Miss Shampa. Thank you, Mayor. I have one question first. I guess Terry, the veterans' park. Will it be finished for the 4th of July? It looks really nice. Adopt the four prior to the veteran they it looks really nice. Coming along. Yeah, this would be a big ASA. I'd like to welcome Tap Room. I think that's the newest business this month that we have come into the city. So I know they had a lot of people there this week. So hopefully that continues. It's a really good venue for people. I'd also like to wish all the day is out there happy for this day. So enjoy your day and have fun with your family. All right. Thank you, Miss Shampa. Any other announcements or business before the council? All right. Is there a motion to adjourn? Motion. All right. Thank you. Is there a second? All right. All in favor? All right. Meeting and adjourn. Have a great evening. Thank you so much.