officer doesn't only go out and speak to that person. She actually carries the ordinances with her and her truck. She gives them a copy of the ordinance and normally she'll also visit with the property owner. So in the case of roses, for example, I would assume she would probably go inside and speak to roses also and just make them aware of the ordinance and hand them a copy of it. That's normally good. And I think I would say that this is something that could evolve in the future. I mean, it could evolve in the future. I mean, it's a framework where you may say that you may desire to have, you know, somebody may bring you a business plan that says, hey, I'd like to do a food truck park in this area. So this at least sets the framework to say, hey, two or more right now is considered a commercial development and you have to come into compliance with the rigor, you know, with the commercial development criteria. And it's just not as ambiguous about, you know, where, when, how, can it be, you know, where would it be? How can it be? So, all right. I do have a question. So with the, let's say, 150 feet from a residence, right? So we currently have for like a brick and mortar. It's open business hours after certain amount of time. It's 50 feet. What, what, what, why did we come up with 150 feet? What was the, yeah, you know what I'm saying? If we do that for a brick and mortar, we have those and I get it, we're trying, this is all new, we're trying to figure out, you know, a way around it. To some degree, it was an arbitrary number to some degree. But I mean, truthfully, this was inspired by a particular incident, you know, with the food truck and trying to just work with the owner of the food truck to have it in a location that would be, you know, acceptable to those that live around it. So I would assume too that brick and mortar, your noise level with doors open it. Yeah, I mean, they're up to code. Yeah, I was just doing, you know, just so I knew, maybe a little different. Fair point. If y'all would, this is Casey Pren. I'm a, I'm your problem. So I own the Hangout Sports Pub. I'm sorry. I'm Horas. Y'all I coach for a living too. So I own a food truck. It is owned by my pub. And it does move. We've actually started our business through food. You know what I mean? And then we, we have a pub. And actually, I want to tell you, I'm that, you mean, this is a great little meeting for us. I got to see you develop something as well by a neighborhood. By the way, trees work. I do trees. And you know, I