At 9.30 at 9.30 you're going to show up to follow up on something? That's a little embarrassing. I don't know about job and I go to bed for years. Stu got thank you very much. I'll keep it on my desk and see if I can get to help with you out a little bit. All right. And it seems as it's been started. Do you want to speak pertaining to this item related to 8.1 which is the resolution for the chief of police. Zee, or is this for something else? Zee. Yeah. Zee, did you want to address the council about this or what did you want to talk about? So I want to ask why would you mind coming up? This is mainly the footage when y'all think about what I'm asking y'all. They have, you know, back on where you would come from. They always had council meeting and the paper. The council city paper that and also school board meeting. They published that. I was one of why they don't publish nothing here because people don't come. People don't have computers and they can find what's on on the internet. Okay. Yeah. But I think, I mean, y'all do what you want. But I think people should know what's going on at council meeting and school board. Not just a council. Sure. Because newspaper has you know they did that. But I don't know why they don't do it here. Yeah. I'll give you the answer quickly. I mean, I sorry, I didn't know what a gin item you want to talk about. But I'll address it. We're required that the official journals, the daily advertiser for this kind of antiquated state law. It has to be domiciled in the parish that we do business in. So did the daily advertiser? The daily advertiser don't want to do it. No daily advertiser. We send our minutes and everything that were required by law after meeting after minutes. I think if you're looking for the the notice, the agenda notice, we meet the requirement. I mean, not the notice whenever I meet. I'm talking about what goes on at council meeting and what goes on at school. But yeah, so I'm going to try to get a paper. Yeah, and show it to you. The daily advertiser. The daily. I'm going to get a paper back home. I'm sure you how they do it. Oh, I know how to do it. You know, right? You're from that too. Yeah, we both from the same day, the daily advertiser is where we are required to publish it. So that's it's still a requirement. It's still a state law. I don't know. You're all going to do it. No, but you don't put what goes on at the council. No, we do. We follow the law entirely. It's published in the daily advertiser. No, I can't. Do you get the daily advertiser? No, I don't trust. No,