the amount of money that you're gonna have with what you had in priority one last time and priority five that was moved to priority one. So all we're able to do until the bond commission is we're working on the amount of work that the contractor can do on early work that doesn't exceed your match. And so that's what we're working at is trying to figure out where does that stop? We worked to eliminate some of the gas line crossings because that was a critical path and we're down to only one gas line crossing with the roundabout. So we are moving forward with everything else while we're waiting on that. Highway 89, we could do a GMP, but it would be based upon the amount of money you have, you're not gonna get as far as you want. So again, we're cutting off that early work, trying to see what we can with regards to the pipes. That's why the pipes is so critical path on what we're gonna do with combining. So just a little bit different, still C-MAR, but you are at, you do have to follow the facility planning controls process. With regards to the detention ponds, we have very little dirt left right now. We're moving some for the sports complex annex. There's just a little bit more dirt left on the Kool-Elecine project. And we are going to start moving that dirt in the probably in the next couple of days, if not next week, taking advantage of the weather to your Valesco crossing. So I was working with the G-A-Tech today and working with our team so that we can tell them where to place it next week. Because tomorrow's Friday. So anyway, so you will again, multi-purpose with the dirt. On, we are, we've getting ready to start the survey on the highway 92 for the drainage and sidewalk as well as the 92 in Prescott. So that'll be in the upcoming weeks and then realigning long-line A so that we can meet with the property owner and kind of settle on an alignment for that project so that we can move forward with design. Any questions for Pam, guys? All right, thank you, Pam. I just shared Council Neal Shapers update reports in your packet. They're in charge of two projects. The LA 89 at Shimmetry Parkway that round about design. We did some utility survey in there and we still need to get it totally accurate. They need to do what's called pot-holing, which is actually where they go and physically use a probe to actually determine the actual measurements. So they're in the process of doing that now before they can advance 95% plans to us. So we're getting very close. This is for the tractor round about it to go fresh ex on stage. And the other one, the East Milton Avenue corridor, very similar stuff there, tight corridor with a lot of utilities so