neighbors. Yeah, I mean, my only concern is that is the first step is the rear setback. The five. There's not many on this lot. I mean, like I'm just spitballing some ideas here. Thoughts like the density thing. I think if you're holding onto this as rental, I don't have an issue with that. No, I don't know colleagues. If it's going to be sold, I'd go right back to five. Right. Okay. That's right. Because that's the kind. Okay. So that's a storage shed. Okay. Yeah, there's trailer on this property in the trailer next door. Is that red storage shed? That's on our property. That you go. Okay. So on the other side of it, is that where the setback is? Or where the property line is? Where the? How close that shit is. It's probably pretty close. It's pretty close to the setback. The Google card didn't do a good job. Sorry. That was my thought on the one, but the setbacks, obviously, was my concern with the rear. I mean, I think it's a very unique thing. So the garage parking, nobody else has garages in that area. It's more like a car porch, I would say. Yeah. And that's kind of what I was talking about with the compatibility with the surrounding areas. I don't know how everybody else's. I mean, I don't know. The chime in what I was thinking. Does any, if you all need to see, I don't know, this is the, this is the. This is the parcel that we're talking. It's in the square. Yeah. Oh, yes, ma'am. Yeah. And I'm okay with it too, but I'm concerned, like Matt, just about the setbacks. If you're going to rent them, well, I think the setbacks are fine, the way you propose it. But if you go to sell it, I do have a concern. So we may have to put something in that variance that will dictate when your decisions may. Sure. And I'm fine with maybe a conditional use. Like if, let's say if I go to rent, then if you're all good with that, then we'll keep it. But if I were ever to decide to subdivide and resale, then that conditional use turns into five, like you had mentioned that I'm open to a proposal that some sort. I'm talking about putting a conditional use on it now. Yeah. So basically you would not be able to subdivide. No, if you, if you're supposed to get additional offer, we just kept the ability to do both because he basically that's very important. Yeah, would it, I get with Ms. Pam was saying with it's a different land use so that when it's individual lots, it's going to create a different type of language. So basically what I'm saying, if that happens, there's a conditional cap on the setbacks and the density and stuff like that. But as we're proposing it now on one large lot and