 you I'm going to be doing this. I'm going to be doing this. I'm going to be doing this. All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome. Thursday, November 9, 2023. The time is 6 p.m. We welcome you to Young Zools Municipal Complex. I'd like to invite Pastor Andy Manning of the church, a church of KDiana to lead us in our invocation. And then if you remain standing, our pledge this evening is going to be led by councilmember Andy Bolgiano, Pastor Welcome Sir. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, this time of year reminds us to be thankful for the many blessings which you have bestowed upon us. We thank you for sending your son Jesus to save us from sin. We thank you for the United States of America, for those who founded it and for those who have given their lives to protect it. We thank you for our civil liberties, for religious liberty, freedom of speech, for the right to bear arms. We thank you for a strong and effective government which works to protect those liberties. Father this evening we pray for our city council. Please give him wisdom, knowledge and understanding as they make decisions and solve problems for our community. Please help them to seek first the wisdom that you have given us in the Bible. Please help them to adopt the same attitude as that of Christ Jesus, assuming the form of a servant. Please help them to get along with each other so that they can get things done. Father please bless the city of young zeal. Please bless us with your shalom, peace and prosperity which only you can give. And please bless the United States of America. And most importantly Lord, thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. And Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. I put the guidance of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. One Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Mr. Gidry please call the roll. This far is here. Mr. Volgiano. Here. Mr. Romero. Here. Three here. Mr. Shalpani. Here. Thank you. All right. Well, I want to be among the first to welcome councilmember Barrez back to her first city council meeting since winning her election. Pleasure to have you back on the day. Ms. Barrez and look forward to working with you. And then also one acknowledge our newest councilmember councilmember Creed. Thank you for volunteering to serve and look forward to collaborating and working together on all the issues before. So welcome. Happy to have you here this evening. All right. And you know, item 3.1 approval of October 12, 2023 meeting minutes. All right. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. In a second by councilmember Romero. Councilmember is any comments or questions? Okay. Any public comment? Yes. Sorry. Six point four discussion meeting on the budget for $4,000 for you. And I think Simone at that point in time. Requested an amendment or amend where you pay for the lights for his vehicle. Do we supposed to vote on that before you amend that? That's not on these minutes. Yeah. It was before September 14. This is the October 12. Holy cow. Did I screw up and bring the wrong paperwork? Probably damn all their work. I did for nothing. Well, look, I'm sorry, but anyway, did we did we vote on that? Was that supposed to be done that way? I forgot to recall. I think it was just a clarifying statement that was going to be as part of the vehicle allowance system. Sure, who was who was on first with different components of any improvements to the vehicle. If that was that was my recollection. No way. The reason I'm asking this is the way that I understood it was this basically for it. She said she wanted to amend it because you guys were bringing it to give them $1,000. Then you wanted to amend it for the thousand for the lights also. I would have to miss some time. I don't remember if I said amended, but what I meant was to make sure that his vehicle did get the equipment that it needed. Like we've done in the past with the previous chief. Sure. But you use a mint. I'm almost 100% positive on that. And if you're going to amend. There's not wrong with the amendment. All she all were doing is there's a. There was a motion on the floor for the thousand dollars. Yes. And probably a second. And before. Okay. Before the vote was taken, Ms. Jean-Plain probably chimed in and said, I'd like to amend the motion on the floor to make sure we're allowing the police chief to add the necessary equipment to his vehicle. So they're so that the first and the second agreed to it. And when we voted on it, we all voted ones who were here at the time that it would get the thousand dollars a month plus the police package. Okay. Good lights and stuff like that. Did you get your stuff? Beautiful. Did you go on any of those? Did you go on any calls without any lights? Mayor, if I may, Mr. Svel. We are talking about approving the minutes of October 12, 2023. None of the questions you've presented to this council involve those minutes. So, sir, unless you have a question regarding the minutes of October 12, 2023, then I'm going to ask you that you refrain and be seated. Okay. Do you want to answer the question? No, he doesn't have to answer the question. I am saying that I understand. It does not concern the October 12. Mr. Svel. Mr. Svel. Mr. Svel. You want to answer it? Mr. Svel. You work for us. Mr. Svel. You work for us. You are an umpire in baseball. You are in charge of making sure that compliance of rules on the baseball diamond is adhered to. Just like in the game of baseball, sir, there are rules in this forum. You and everybody else sitting here has to abide by those rules. Now, unless you have a question about the October 12, 2023 meeting, sir, please be seated. Are you chairing this? Nope. Okay. Mayor, I'd like to call the vote. You don't want to answer it. All right, Ms. Giddjert, please call the vote. You should answer. All in favor, motion approved. All right, thank you, council. A gin item 4.1, approval of September, 2020, 23 finance report. All right, motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second by Mr. Romero. Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, any comments or questions? We need council comment. Or any public comment. I'm going to ask you to vote. I'm going to ask you to vote. Mr. Tritiklop. We'd like to talk about the Motigrow permits. Sir. How is that being provided? I know in one of the meeting, one of the statements that you made is that you're trying to cut back on the permits for next year per se because of the new ice skating ring. I know you mentioned something like that. Is this $81,000 in the general fund? Is that basically S expectations of what's going to be coming in? I believe that's a, I guess that's a budget item that we are preparing. Yes, yeah, to put on the Mortigrow parade takes considerable. Yes, I saw a lot of those numbers. Yeah. And relative to Mortigrow, I mean, that is some we're going to start. We have had several meetings about it. We're brainstorming what that looks like, which is really consistent with what we do every, every year at this point. The Mortigrow parade February 10th, I believe. So we're on track. So we're brainstorming. I welcome any advice, I'm opinion about it from anybody. I'm sure the budget going back to you, Mr. Lou Vier. For citations and such. How successful have we been doing on citations? Are you helping individuals inside the community? Are you fixing any tickets or helping people? No, no one. No, sir. Okay. All right. As I understand you're running for re-election. Are you want to run for the police chief? So just to surveil that issue is not in the financial report or a budgetary item. So if your question does not concern a budgetary item or the financial report, please move on, sir. With the on the budgetary side of it, do you plan on doing anything to help the civilians and possibly bring down the total number of citations that's being done in the city? That hasn't been looked at at this point with our main focus is safety. Can I ask what bearing that has to do with the budget from last month that we're going to approve? Well, it has everything to do with it because I'm trying to get a chief. Don't I have a minute and 27 seconds. I'm going to stand. I also have the right to say that you're. You can address after, please. Okay. Thank you. I just want to get a bearing based off of last month and future months coming up if you plan on helping anybody. I have no attention on that. No one. Well, I've had to take it. I'm going to take it. I haven't talked about it. What would you do that? Well, you've been told three times to stay on a agenda item and you deviated every time. Whether this chief helps anybody in the future is not a budgetary item. On this budget that you're holding, sir. It isn't. No, it isn't. Oh, wait, your wayoff is. No. Your wayoff, Mr. Seville. No. I think it's time for us to have a blue flute because you guys at the end of the day, you're not getting what you need in our officers are still struggling? still struggling. Okay, it's time for you to step up and help us. All right, our officers need help. All right, $16.16 an hour. You're recruiting people in and then plus some other stuff. Come on, dude, you need to fight these guys. You need to fight them. If you want to run and win, better start helping your people. So any other public comment. All right, Ms. Kidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right, other business 5.1. Mr. MacGulaz here, this evening to request a variance to section 1104, design standards and incentives, subsection 2B2A, B4B9B, and B19B for a future multi-family development, low density located 307 fourth street. Before I invite Mr. Gulab, let me just, I guess, provide a little bit of context here. You know, Council, you'll recall that you passed an ordinance related to low density and high density developments. Really just relative to, you know, what do you want those to look like and have in the future. And I think it was really, if my memory serves in right, it was really designed to, we were getting a large amount of those increase in development. So I think it was an opportunity for you just to really kind of help understand like, hey, you know, what's the need? What's the demand? What is it going to look like? Not just today, but in beyond. So it's part of that, as part of that ordinance, one of the, I guess, fail saves that you enacted as part of it was to hear any low density development that would potentially come before you, before the developer gets too far into the design process. Reason being is, I think you really wanted to see is the ordinance working as you intended it to be. So that's what's happening today. As you know, I mean, generally, the process for any type of residential development, if it's being subdivided, if the property is being subdivided, as you know, it comes before public hearing, we hear our team's comments on the proposed development and it goes through a, you know, development process for planning. You'll also probably recall to know if the developer chooses to just leave everything, you know, on a blank parcel, how it's platted, it goes through our planning department, really just looking at land use of how it, how it runs today. So recognizing that at the time that was one of the other reasons that you asked for low density developments to come before you in the event that there's a future developer that wants to maybe not subdivide. We had it, we had at least two developments that I'm thinking of in the past, you know, the year or two that the developer chose not to subdivide and it went straight to permitting and the permitting was based on the land use. So you enacted this, what you would like to see some components of low density developments and enacted just a trigger to where the developer can come kind of pitch the idea to you before the developer gets too far into the process. So basically that's what we're here today for is to, is to, you know, hear the concept Mr. Gula has provided some photographs of, you know, what the property, you know, could look like under his design plan. And at that time, I guess I'd like to, you know, ask Mr. Gula to come up and his engineers also hear Mr. Chad Russell. There's any questions. But I guess before he starts, is there any comments or questions from the council is to like what we're doing, so to speak? All right, Mr. Matt. Thank you guys for the opportunity. So I've been looking for the right location to do something like this, this type of concept for a while now. It really takes the right size lot, right location that's, you know, walkable to amenities and has a deep lot. And what a cottage court is essentially is a, it's considered like a pocket neighborhood. So think of a big neighborhood and a smaller pocket of that surrounding a common area. So this is essentially a common green space in the middle where cottages front face the common area with like patios and such. And it's, it's kind of like a thriving little community. And there's proof concept in other major cities. I know we took a lot of the design standards from a city called Cornel, Indiana. I know that's a, a thriving city and they use this concept there and it worked well there. So that's basically what it is. At the end of day, it's about revitalizing this location. There's currently a trailer on it. I think this would be a perfect opportunity to kind of create a buffer from where it's at to the park. I know the park was renovated recently. And I think this is just going to be a huge upgrade right next to it to make it more inviting of a park. I do have another development on fourth street. So I really like this area. Care about property values. Intentional about design and what I'm going to put here. And as far as the ordinance that I'm asking for, one of them, which is the density aspect, essentially asking for three more than what's allowed currently. And with these cottages, it's more of a softer density. Currently, as it sits, I could put five rows of five townhomes. This eight unit cottage court is basically less of an impact on the environment as far as the floor. Floor area ratio, which is basically you take in the building footprint and in relation to the lot size. So it's a lot less of an impact. And again, we think there's a huge demand for something like this, a lot of empty nesters. And unfortunately, the voice rates high around here. So there's a lot of people that they don't need a big house. It could just be one person that would live in there, which is why there's not many one bedroom opportunities or two bedroom small homes like this. You know, a lot of people think because they're so tight, there's there's not much privacy, but you know, privacy is not gained. It's not, privacy is gained by design, not distance. So we're really intentional about how we put our window placement, you know, open side faces a close side of the next unit. There's what's called landscape layering where you have porches, sidewalks, picket fences, all in between houses in the common area. So we're real intentional about that. And again, I think this type of development with the cottage is harmonious with the surrounding area. There's a lot of smaller homes in this older port of Royville. So I think it's a good little, you know, I think it would be great for this type of location. We do have a lot of green space. I think the current concept we put together was like over 44% green space. And again, the HWA will maintain the common area. We'll probably add some amenities. And any questions, I'll open it up to you guys. Yeah, see Mr. Romero. Hey Matt, how you doing? Yeah. Good. Hey, we got a list of the, you know, variances in order. So I'd take one by one if you don't mind. Sure. And if anybody wants to say anything, obviously. Sure. So density wise, I don't want to make sure I'm on the right page here. So technically it should be how many units, Pam? What are they're proposing eight units? Five. So we're three. But then for the acres, yes. Okay. So the setback, I'm assuming the parking is on Port Street? Correct. Because the way I was looking at the dog grams, I couldn't figure that out as I could. Yeah, it's, and we have the dog room to pull up with the, uh, okay, the minimum width of what a private alley would be, it's really too tight to put it anywhere other than the front. I mean, I'd love to hide it. It's kind of is what it is. Um, we did as far as the parking variants, it's, um, we're still have the two cars per house, we just don't have it attached to each house. Okay. Councilman Romero, can I ask the question that based upon what you're asking since you go on one by one? Is it okay if I ask the question? Please. I just, one of my questions is since the parking is detached. So when I look at this, are you individually selling them? Because where will your lot lines be? As I see a variance on setbacks, setbacks that shown here is as if it's one lot, right? And you're going to have multiple buildings on one lot. But you can't sell it that way. So to sell it, you have to actually plant each building. Yeah. Correct. So then what happens? I'm just asking if a property owner or is it just that they're going to have a common area that's going to be, we talked about both scenarios. Um, I think that it's the desire that developer to, to have them subdivided. Um, but I said, you know, before you have Chad go through that exercise, I think that makes the most sense too, that it's feasible to where I mean, you don't want to limit yourself if you're able to subdivided and plated. But as, you know, as y'all know, we just haven't had a chance to talk about it. Okay. I was just asking that question. Yeah. We talked about setbacks. What will happen? Yeah. What would happen there is when he would have to, you know, divide it, divide the lots, probably create the parking as common area. I mean, there's mechanisms that he'd be able to do it. I just didn't want them to proceed with that type of preliminary plating process through LCG until we kind of got, you know, I'm trying to think back like y'all know, we've heard some, in cases where we've had annexations before it goes to two votes. But we started even doing like a preliminary vote like, hey, are y'all, are we good with this before we put, you know, the proposed, the person that's proposing to annex through the process. I mean, not everyone, I mean, it's not them or I can, you know, I think I can anticipate what would happen. But this is kind of like the, you know, we lit Miss Tess, are you good with it, you know, before he does that next step? So yeah, I just wanted to clarify if we do the, I'm okay if we do the variances, just make sure you clarify if it's the variance on the whole property that we just do in five and 10 and it doesn't matter what the lot lines are because a lot lines could be zero as long as the setback of the whole properties, what you want or you require in setbacks within each different lot that he would do because it will make a difference. That's, that's my question. You don't have to answer but that's, that's when you, when you clarify the variance or we clarifying it based on the property as a whole or each individual lot when he would do it. If you would allow zero lot lines, you know, with no setback but it's the overall property you want the five, the 10, instead just so that we have the direction. Right. So it would go, it would go on the entire parcel. Not correct. Yeah, not only individual. Yeah, yeah, yeah, since that's one of the ones he's asking for, just so long as we clarify it, we don't want to hold him up if we don't know when everybody in just specific, what the, I guess, Matt, I know you would like to say to go through each one. Yeah, the, okay, density. Yeah. Okay, well then I'll, I'll save my comment about that, you know, because I was talking about with, with setbacks in general, what we really did, I mean, you know, if it's a traditional single-family residential, we're talking like 20 in the front, 10 in the back, five on the sides. This was a, you know, when you, we basically put 20 feet in all directions so that you would hear these type of, you would hear about them and it wouldn't just show up and what are they, what are they doing there? I didn't know. It's an ask and my response like, oh, they didn't want to subdivide it, you know, so that, that was a trigger that I don't, we put it in here, but I think I'm not surprised that the developers asking for a waiver on that because I really think this was a, the ordinance was an intent, I believe it with the intention of your ordinance was to say, you know what, we know that this is a trend, but it's not one that we've really seen here, you know, and everybody needs a traditional three-bedroom, two-bath house. So this was kind of like, you know what, let's talk about it. And I think that's kind of where we are. Matthew, did you have a, I was going to do some on. Let me get your microphone, please, some on. All right, yes, ma'am. Thank you. So you're considering selling them as of right now. So I told Ken when I first reached out that I wanted to kind of explore all the options based on how this variance situation went, and then we would decide at that point, do we sub-divide, or do we just leave it as a whole? Obviously, if the, the goal would be to renim all, I wouldn't need to go through the sub-divide, but if I was to sub-divide each one to, to help, that would definitely help for resale value, right? I typically, I'd like to see how, with the market dictate, I typically, when I go into development, it's whatever the market can absorb for resale, I'll sell them and I'll keep the rest. And it's one of these things. I don't want to create like a bait and switch and say, hey, I'm going to sell all these and I just go to renim. It's really, I want to see, you know, one, can I get these variances and then determine based on the market conditions and many other factors, what to do? I would say it's hard to tell, if I had to point in which direction I'd go, I'd probably want to hold these long term and then if that would ever change, then I would go through the plighting process and take that step to sub-divide for the resale perspective. But that would be after you built them and after we gave the wake, right? Well, that would be... So, that, I guess that's my, my question is, how are you going, do you intend on selling them? Because there will be a totally different variance if you sell it, then if you put them all on one lot, I think that's what I'm understanding. So that would be something that we would probably have to know or amended, put it in the, in the, in the variance, once we've owned something. So basically, if I say today, I want to keep them on one lot and just hold them, then I wouldn't get the opportunity to sub-divide. Is that correct? You just have to come back. Well, I think we would just have to put a lot of thought, or not we, I think you would Chad would have to put a lot of thought into, you know, easements and just making... And correct. And said backs, you know, it would have said backs if you choose to do that, that we have to vote on. And I want to jump ahead too much, but I did want to talk a little bit about parking. You said you kept two spots, right, for each, each home. So you've taken into consideration, each home might have two vehicles, right? Well, I took into consideration that that's what's in the code. I would probably, with some of these being one bedroom, it'd probably beneficial to do less parking from, you know, the front elevation perspective, but I'm fine with the two cars. And I don't have a problem. The two cars, my question, when I'm trying to get out of this overflow, because we all know you can have two people in a house, so that has two vehicles, but they have company. So where's your overflow going to go? Because you're going to border foster park? Correct. It's on. Okay. So where's your overflow going to go? Only because those roads are very narrow. And I don't think we're going to allow foster park to be for parking, right? On overflow, I wouldn't think. Yeah, with this type of development, the overflow is less of concern than if it was a bigger household with more bedrooms. Like I said, with it being five town homes allowed, I would probably do three bedrooms on each. And then if I have two cars parked, then I have more bedrooms than parking. Whereas this, I'm having more parking than bedrooms. So essentially, this is more parking than a normal development would have. So I wouldn't expect overflow to be a problem. Okay, thank you. All right, thank you, Ms. Shumpheim. Mr. Boljana. Yeah, Matt, it looks like a great development. Just first glance, I'm looking at it. Is there, I was talking with the mayor about a future possibility. We could work with you on it, but trying to have a second, maybe the entrance being off of fourth with the exit into the park. I'm just thinking for emergency vehicles, trying to get in there is only going to be a one way in. And we've got the basically part, either in the park or on four, three to try to access it, depending on how many cars in the parking lot. So there's a way we could try to maybe work with you on having some side of the exit into the park. We can do that. But I think we'll do that. Yeah. Okay. Basically, just, um, yes, great onto the foster park road. Yeah. It's really unique piece of property. I mean, for that, I know the public can't see, see these pictures. I don't know if we have any, do we have any in the deck? No. Can I access? Would be allowed back to the park? Correct. Yeah. I mean, it would be on to foster. A lot of us to tie back into a city property. Yeah. Yeah, we can make like like exit on like you enter a forestry, but you just exit into the park and then just do back in the court to get out to leave or whatever. The genuine conversation, we steer away from tying into there thinking, you would want it. Right. I mean, if it's allowed by the council, yeah. I think it's definitely preferred. I mean, that is, I mean, it's city, it's city property. I think we would just have to work through the, you know, that, yeah. I mean, I think I don't think it would, you know, I don't think it would hurt school traffic. There was no jack, we just figured, yeah. We're more well, well, we haven't, we haven't, we haven't, we haven't, um, Mr. Remarer. Okay. So we, uh, the density, we understand five to eight units, setbacks. You're asking for the 20 foot setback to be. So we have five on one side, uh, and then on the park side, uh, we put a bigger buffer there. Okay. Ten, uh, ten in the front and then five in the back. Is that correct? Okay. So we're asking for ten less than the front and five less than the back. If I'm correct on the ordinances, that right? Let me look at it. So he's what he, what's illustrated on our papers five for rear. Let's see. Five. Technically five and five. Typically. Yeah. But he's asking for five less here. Well, the way, the way, the way, the way your ordinance is written today is that it's 20 and all the landings, the ambient landings. So just let me, let me, let me just maybe draw a parallel where, where else we have an increased setback. So there's several places where setbacks are reference one would be setbacks are, uh, you know, traditional, oh no, excuse me, I was going to say a traditional neighborhood to valve. Traditional neighborhood development is less, but a normal copperfield neighborhood. It's, it's, uh, ten in the rear, 20 in the front, five on the sides. You know, T and D's, you know, it's a little bit more dense. We, we, you know, factor that into, you know, drainage assumptions, things like that. Uh, mobile homes on a single parcel, you have 30 foot setback in all directions. Um, and, uh, land use ordinances, you know, there's, there's varied setbacks dependent upon how obnoxious, you know, the use it is. The goal here again was basically to, if you were to, if you were to remove the requirement of you have to come and get it your low density development approved, if it's hypothetically, if that was removed, there's a lot of stuff you could do here with those setbacks. So what you said is, you know what, let's tighten it up or let's, let's tighten up your usable space to basically have to have this conversation to say, you know, what are you planning there? And how do I see it being used? There was really no implication on the 2020, 2020 with regards to drainage or anything like that. It was really just more of like an aesthetic and, uh, preference thing. Pam and all right. I mean, Oh, yeah, that's okay. You are correct. The engineer just has to make sure that absolutely nothing drains away. You only have five feet, so everything's going to have to drain enter and you're going to have to make sure that, um, I would request that if they do that, whenever they give whatever documents he has for it, that he's got to have it in his HOA documents to make sure that the HOA of that development recognizes that all drainage has to come to the center so that there is absolutely nothing running off on that five feet adjacent properties because people will tend, if they're, if they own it to start doing different things to want to drain it away, but it's going to have, I think if they put stuff in there, the, the, the variance for that five feet is not a problem. If in fact, everybody understands what they can or cannot do in that five feet, does that make sense? When you have 20 feet, you have a lot more room around to collect your drainage if that's what you want to do, but if not, you just have to make sure all your drainage goes to the center and that nothing and it's just a, it's like a five foot green space, basically. So just, I guess, just to be more succinct, I think, in what I was trying to communicate to you early right now, the ordinance for low density is 20 on all four sides. Correct. What your developer here is asking for us to reduce the rear setback to five and to reduce one, the north side setback to five in the south side setback to 10. That's correct. There's no, there's no change on the front because I mean, you would, you know, yeah. That's correct. You are correct. And I'm sorry, I bumped that off, but then you want to, do you want to go or do you know? I was on the McLellan townhome. I do not. I don't want to either. I can't. I should ask that. That's been several years. No, I hit the wrong, but okay. I'm recall that being like 10 or something. I don't know. And that was prior to all of the 14 miss ordinance. That was prior to your ordinance. And so at that point in time, it just was back to what we had before, which was five, two, and twenty. So again, do you need thing on that, unique thing on that parcel was really only had one. I mean, you're bordering a public street on three of the four sides of the Avenue A development. You're just, you just have the one property the daycare. That was really the only one. Yeah. Okay. That's what I thought. Okay. Go ahead, Chandler. I'm sorry. Sorry, Miss Baryze. I'm sorry. I was just, I think you kind of handled it with the drainage issue. I was having questions about we are still going to require drainage. Oh, absolutely. That's correct. Do we only ask neighbors or adjacent property owners if the lot is subdivided to come and speak publicly if they're for again, that is, yes, man, that is the that is the process today. So it would be, nobody, and nobody knows about this. Well, they know when received a special invitation relative to this. If it if it goes to be subdivided, and I understand what you're saying, like, and maybe that's something that if I mean, we can, you know, I mean, in this scenario again, I don't mind doing that, you know, like basically where we look at like the 300, if it's 200 or 300 foot rule, you know, of course, as you all know, I mean, we would probably be, yeah, a couple of houses one on fourth, one on third, you know, that would that would be triggered to where they would get a notification. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. Yeah, I just I think they have definite feelings about sure. Let's build on there. Sure. I don't I don't discount that at all. Okay, thank you. So the only other variance would be the garage parking. Well, also the floor plan. Oh, yeah, I'm positive. And I put that on there and I kind of had a question more because it seemed like it was referring to only town homes in the way it's written in the code. I don't think it's going to be an issue either way. Like I expect we're going to have four different at least four different floor plans anyway. If I if I could and you know, council, this was this was some of your ordinance. So I don't want to speak for you, but I think the intention when you pass this ordinance relative to the floor plan restriction was really when we're looking at the facade. And I think the way, you know, what I think your objective at the time was you wanted something that was going to be unique, not cookie cutter and not, you know, basically where there was a change of plane. We have that in our commercial code today to where if you're coming with the, you know, 50,000 square foot commercial building, there's a requirement today in our commercial code where the plane has to break, you know, that's where it's like this and then it comes on it does this. Just to add some character character in like unique design characteristics, I think the way with reading it now, I believe what we did, how we articulated that within the ordinance was four unique floor plans. But what's inside, I don't know that that reading it now, I don't know that that really matters or what was that the objective, you know, I think that's a development. I mean, they they have to know what's what they're doing on the inside. I think it was really what's the outside look like, but maybe elevation plan, elevation, I think you were looking for, you were looking for distinct elevation plans, which is very typical in in development. Correct. Correct. Matt, did you have a, no, I didn't know. I'm just looking at the map. Council, any other comments or thoughts about it? I mean, Councilman Barraz, I mean we did, I mean, Nicole and I did, we followed the requirement of the ordinance as it's written today. I don't have an objection, I think if it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do if more people are invited. So I don't mind having that conversation, I think it's a I think it's a unique property in the, you know, a unique piece of property. When it came on the market, I mean, we actually for half a second consider bringing it to you guys because it it a buts foster park. It's directly across from the fourth street police department. You know, it stones throw from what's going to be the new amphitheater in the foster park recreational trail. So, you know, when you when you when you look at those things that are happening there, you know, I'm I'm glad that we have somebody that's thinking creativity there. You know, I'd also wouldn't mind seeing a brand new, you know, brick house there, but, you know, I don't think it's a I don't think it's a bad idea. You know, I think it's a unique piece of probably not everybody would want to live next to a park too, you know. So. Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Portiana. Matt and the year that the studies you've done these these type of developments, what it was like, do you know the average like age of family that might be moving into these or what types of families like, you know, are these more of like elderly of these young couples? This is more like your temporary middle-aged. So, I'm limited on what I can say being a realtor, you know, I'm not supposed to generalize who can live in a certain area because of ethics, but I would say, you know, looking at other types of developments, they probably say that's such a mix. It's a mixed bag. It is elderly. It is smaller families. It may have some people with kids. The thing about it is, you know, they're smaller, but it's getting these floor plans right so that it doesn't necessarily, you know, feel too small. It's finding the perfect fit, right? And I think that bodes well with the national trends of people downsizing and people don't want to take care of large yards. This would be something that would be turnkey for people that, you know, law and maintenance would be taken care of and landscaping. You read a lot about a lot of the developers. They followed the cottage court concept, you know, years later to see how it's thriving. And the perfect mix works well because you get some people in there that don't want to do anything, yet you get some retired person that gets in there and wants to help out with the garden in the middle of the common area. So it's just a perfect mix of individuals. Okay. Yeah. I guess I'll kind of put it with the mayor set out. Definitely, as, you know, growing up, you're born and raised. I've seen some of these properties have been revamped, converted, restored and whatnot. Some have been torn out. It's open lots. So it's nice to see a breath of fresh air. Some creativity put into it. I have heard, if you comment something, the public, how some people are downsizing these days into smaller homes, just because of inflation. Some just don't want to be home anymore. Some is the elderly, some it's start our homes for, you know, young couples and whatnot. So that'll be nice to see. I don't think it's skeptical. So the right way. I think I'm just more, I mean, maybe I'm, it'll be interesting to see, I guess, the full design and the layout and stuff. I'm thinking about privacy, maybe on the sides. Sure. Not just for the residents, but for the residents here themselves, not the ones currently there. How is that going to play a factor into it? And then, you know, H away rules and regulations and whatnot that we currently have? But how would that play into this? Just small development versus a community of 400 homes? Sure. And look, we're very early in the design stages. Again, I want to see where we're at with this before, you know, I spent a ton of money on architects. But again, these, these folks are creative on how to create privacy. Like I mentioned earlier, it's the layering of different, you know, landscapes and sidewalks and picket fences and more than likely, it'll be a part of its privacy fence separating the other adjacent properties. So again, it's creating a smaller knit pocket community within. But it's not completely closing itself up from everything else. You know, we want it to be walkable and presentable to, you know, the park and walk in distance to the sports complex. I just see this being such a great buffer between what's there now in the new upgraded park. Definitely. Yeah, no, I agree. I, I think I was some of the thoughts of myself and most of our colleagues I thought about was what the envisioning of downtown, young people would be, you know, 10, 15, 20 years would be. We wanted to become a, obviously, you know, you don't want to have a hotel in the center of downtown. You want to keep that hometown feel where we're still incorporating that look and make sure that the buildings and the construction that we're approving are going to fit the niche of that area. So yeah, yeah, I think it'll definitely enhance my brochure. Yeah. But yeah, other than that, other than privacy fencing in that, I think that's, I mean, it looks really good. Thank you. Oh, I'm just looking at an aerial view. Yeah. I don't know. I'm all okay. I'm trying to get a view of what's the back part of that property. Have a recollection. Do you know how close? Yeah. Because it's all tree line and we can't see. There's a house on the 30s tree that is also. Okay. Very deep blocks. Yeah, that's what I thought. Yeah, it's a lot of trees and you, it's pretty far away from the other neighbors. Yeah, I mean, my only concern is that is the first step is the rear setback. The five. There's not many on this lot. I mean, like I'm just spitballing some ideas here. Thoughts like the density thing. I think if you're holding onto this as rental, I don't have an issue with that. No, I don't know colleagues. If it's going to be sold, I'd go right back to five. Right. Okay. That's right. Because that's the kind. Okay. So that's a storage shed. Okay. Yeah, there's trailer on this property in the trailer next door. Is that red storage shed? That's on our property. That you go. Okay. So on the other side of it, is that where the setback is? Or where the property line is? Where the? How close that shit is. It's probably pretty close. It's pretty close to the setback. The Google card didn't do a good job. Sorry. That was my thought on the one, but the setbacks, obviously, was my concern with the rear. I mean, I think it's a very unique thing. So the garage parking, nobody else has garages in that area. It's more like a car porch, I would say. Yeah. And that's kind of what I was talking about with the compatibility with the surrounding areas. I don't know how everybody else's. I mean, I don't know. The chime in what I was thinking. Does any, if you all need to see, I don't know, this is the, this is the. This is the parcel that we're talking. It's in the square. Yeah. Oh, yes, ma'am. Yeah. And I'm okay with it too, but I'm concerned, like Matt, just about the setbacks. If you're going to rent them, well, I think the setbacks are fine, the way you propose it. But if you go to sell it, I do have a concern. So we may have to put something in that variance that will dictate when your decisions may. Sure. And I'm fine with maybe a conditional use. Like if, let's say if I go to rent, then if you're all good with that, then we'll keep it. But if I were ever to decide to subdivide and resale, then that conditional use turns into five, like you had mentioned that I'm open to a proposal that some sort. I'm talking about putting a conditional use on it now. Yeah. So basically you would not be able to subdivide. No, if you, if you're supposed to get additional offer, we just kept the ability to do both because he basically that's very important. Yeah, would it, I get with Ms. Pam was saying with it's a different land use so that when it's individual lots, it's going to create a different type of language. So basically what I'm saying, if that happens, there's a conditional cap on the setbacks and the density and stuff like that. But as we're proposing it now on one large lot and let's say it's to renimult, then I would like to have these variances as they sit. Our assumption right now is that we're looking at it as one lot. So the the the variances that I brought up like 10 in the back, five on one side, 10 on this, that is the assumption that stays one parcel. Correct. And then to Ms. Barrett's to your point earlier, if it does become subdivided, I mean, we have to, there's a whole, there's a process there that they would have to go through. But I guess it's not probably, well, I haven't given him the variances for my foot, 10 through five foot, whatever it is. So if it subdivided, those said that's really already there. Correct. Well, the sub based on your action tonight, if his proposed variances granted, it's under the assumption that we're looking at this as one parcel of property, should he choose to subdivided? And that that variance would no longer be applicable because one lot then becomes like eight. It would start a whole new discussion. Correct. It'll be back on the agenda. Yes, this is the correct. The preliminary design. He makes a decision before he comes back. Are there any other council comments or questions or concerns? All right, Mr. Rivera. This is going to be worthy. Can I ask one question? Yeah, please, Pam. Just to clarify, so if we go through with the variances, do negative points still apply? I'm not saying they have to, I'm just, it's a question just to clarify, because I know we've had some that have asked for variances in the past. And then when we, they've given the variance, but there's also negative points when they get up to it. So if you're allowed five and you go, there's still some negative points. So you might say he can go to it, but do negative points still accumulate to where they have to do positive points? Let me ask this. Maybe if you do, he's more green space than we probably would want. So it's probably going to, it's going to counteract it anyway. All right, so, so, okay, so with the question that Pam's asking you guys to, to factor in, if you look at, you have a copy of the order in some front of you. Let me find exactly where we're talking about, because there is, or the points illustrated. The dwelling units 22 and a half to 24.9. Yeah, but like I'm looking for like the basically the, so to speak, the menu, okay, yeah, positive. But density, density. Yeah, look at page one of the of the ordinance itself, you know, so page one of eight of the ordinance. See, it says positive points menu. And so, so the intention of the ordinance is, hey, this is the density and the things that we want. If you drop down to this, you get negative points. And then the way you, the way you carry your negative points is to basically buy points out of this point bank here under the positive points memo or menu rather. So I don't think, I mean, let's just, I mean, without even knowing the numbers, I think let's go through it and see what's the practicality of I'm swimming pool. I don't think right tennis court children's playground, your own children's playground. Now, I think the providing more common open space and I've seems like the requirement is 10% and it looks like the way you have a design was more than that already. You know, the street signs wouldn't be applicable. There's not really a lot of what the and I hate to keep talking about the intention. However, the intention of it was, like, hey, you can drop into a more dense development, but we just wanted to ensure here that it wasn't singularly driven by the developer's desire to do something that was cheap on your end to choose the expression. So you can, you can make it more dense, but you have to put a swimming pool. You said I'm saying so then that way, I mean, in essence, you're still, you know, you put in a $100,000 swimming pool. He could just have invested the 100 grand in the. So I, I guess, Pam, what how I would view it and that's a great point, how I would look at it as I would say like in consideration of, you know, greater like green space. And that's really what's illustrated. That's already probably in the developers. Proposed because I don't think there's going to be other opportunity to probably. Maybe the key points are, yeah, community garden. I mean, you mean, you mean, you mean, you mean, you're not really, but he has so much green space to begin with. It kind of supersedes what we don't live with. Are the interests on it? Oh, yeah. The world of feature. What if we just, what if we just, what if we just put on an interest, I mean, an interest on, I mean, I think you'd probably do that anyway. Like a development song. What if we just put a pause on positive negative points and restrict it to his life, I would. And if anything does come up, it would have to come back to us. I mean, negative part can't add no, no negative or positive points. I guess the green space would probably, green space could potentially get shrunk. Should he decide to incorporate a two bedroom or something unit? So that's probably the only. All of these units are one bedroom units. It's a mix. I'd like to fit in some two bedrooms just to have a variety. But the intention would be somewhere in the room units, maybe one and a half story max with like a law feature to maybe have one bedroom with a law. And you're thinking about these as apartments, not as like Airbnb's where the people would change out constantly. Well, it's, it's considered basically a transition between a single family and a condo. Really, it's when you self the bond. I mean, you have them plotted on one lot. It's considered a condominium really because you have a ownership and a percentage of the land, right? But as far as rentals go, I don't want to say one way or another because it just depends on what the market dictates at that point. But again, this is something that I can see myself holding long term. And I love the area. Yeah. Good question. Good question. Okay. So any recommendation panel about how you would. I would, I would think that instead of going like there, we only allow for so many negative points. And then after that, we say you can't be more than the density. So we're waving the density. But I think that there are some negative points that come along with. So I think maybe saying that they should attempt to do a couple of things in positive points or things to show that they are going to do stuff. You know, whether it's the fence or whatever. And I'll also say that any, any land use issues between single family and multi family, we're not waving that, right? Any conditions with regards to single family up against multi family. That's not being waved. Correct. Conflict levels. Because that's a whole different thing too. So I mean, we can work with them. I think that's my thing is you're giving us the opportunity to work with them and that we still want at least get some positive point. But not to the point that. So, you know, is it? I recognize that they're probably already two points low. So is it? Do we want them to try to do two positive points? I mean, you can say a certain number because of course it exceeds so with the variance or is it that there are none? And I'm not looking at points just again to give us direction. I don't want to put more burden on them. I just kind of want to make sure that we clarify it since this is, you know, you guys. I don't like to make that decision. But I think there should be, I think it is great for this, for this area and this community. So if these don't get me wrong, I really think it's good. I just want to clarify for us when we're reviewing it and when we're working with them on things. So if we say two positive points and their fencing can be one thing and additional trees or different types of trees or whatever that they would plant, you get positive points for that. Those are very easy wins but can make a huge difference in how it looks. So if it's things like that, if you want them to make two positive points in amenities for those, then I think it would, I think that's a fair thing to say. But if you don't want to require any, because of the variances, we're just I'm just asking for that clarification. But since the mayor asked, I think there should be a couple of positive points that they can do that, whether it's fence and tree or sign enhancements. I think those are easy win, it could be brick paths. You know, it could be in between the homes, instead of just having something that's just concrete. Maybe you brick it. Again, we allow that in our developments where you can just make a crosswalk brick or whatever and get past. So there's things that are not out, but they're all aesthetic related that I think. Five points. I mean, five points you can earn largely through greater green space. But I think what I think what I think. The purpose of the points was this basically to show investment into the development. Correct. And not just simply squeeze as much as you can. Sure. You know, I did not specifically look at land use relative to in the Royville district. We can look at it real quick. I mean, I don't want to do it. Because Royville, I think the way we wrote the land use ordinance was actually enabling there to be more density. I think if he's doing a fence it's going to take it's going to take care of that. Correct. You know, I just wanted to make sure that if he's doing a fence, but if he didn't have a fence or anything, that might be something that, again, could earn positive points, but I think could earn a lot of buy-in by those people who surround them. Yeah. I think you're right about that. I think the fencing on the two residential sides. Because you have a, I mean, which would be the north in the west, no north in the east side. Because you already have it on the park side. Oh, you have what a 10 foot trailer. Well, I think it's already a fence. Yeah. There's no fence over that. I have no problem with that. But say it's something about particularly lost or something like that. If you do have a loft and you have windows, you know, our town on it's obviously requires the Bermuda. I mean, are you going to, are you going to try to keep windows away from it? Yeah, we would try to position it to us not even looking down on the other. I mean, look, we're dealing with residents who've been there probably multi-generations. Sure. So I'm trying to take that into consideration myself. And I know the rest of the council probably will too. I do have a question regarding the park. Is, I think there is Vincent already on the park. There is. Is that something do y'all prefer that buffer there or that be more open? I don't know. I, well, this is just my, I think it's my preference. I mean, my preference. I don't see why. I don't feel like I needed that you already have a, you know, I mean, a 12 foot. Well, I don't know that there is. I mean, thinking about when this is the foster park road right before you approach fourth street. It's the property on the right. I pictured being like tree, you know, like pine trees. I don't know because after the fence and the gate at third street, I don't know, I don't know that we put a fence. That fence, but I don't know what time it goes. It's been pretty much just like cluttered tree and everything and whatnot. I think our fence is largely between like first and it's at the back of its property on really from the park side. It goes down. I mean, I always think you'd want fencing at lease up to the here. That first house on the unit 8. That's the back of this property. If you're, if you're looking at the area, yeah, my property. I'm not parking lot. Yes, I was seeing views one. Most people in there want their backyards in stand, right? Yeah. I mean, if it was like a picket fence, I think they would look good. That open concept would sure be nice to kind of to view the park. It's a nice good space. Okay, so we didn't go there. We stopped there. Yeah. I mean, if he goes to right here, there's something on the fence. I think it's a good place to go. Mojale like to do. I'm going to take it one at a time. Well, I think if you, I mean, I'll never need to. Yeah. I remember that. It was bad. The head too. All right. What's your timeline? No matter. I know you. I mean, it just rates are high. So I'm ready to go. You're a lock-in. It costs a lot more to hold things. Yeah. Yeah. In 8% interest rate. Yeah. All right. All right. I'll make a motion. Motion to approve variances as listed for Matt Goulos section 110-4. Variants 1 for density allowed 8 units if, if keeping is one parcel. Nicole Clark may be needing questions. Setback setbacks would be allowed as listed on preliminary flat that was provided, which would be 10 foot on the foster park side, five foot rear and five foot on the right left side of the property along units 1, 2, and 3. And the front setback. Variants for garage parking not needed. And allowing the four unique plans. You need the drainage listed in there. It's going to look like we need to listen. No, because that will have to, I mean, we, I mean, he chads taking some high-level preliminary view and things he can, things he can get if that would still have to go through all of the, through the, you know, through his, his process. And then of course, pans review. Okay. So there's a motion by Mr. Romero that I think covered, covered everything. The point, no, how do we want to word that? No additional negative points? I think probably, I would encourage you to probably impose a point, yeah, you know, like a, you know, a number of points that need to be a number of points that need to be mitigated knowing that, but you know, number of points to, I'm sorry, I'm not trying to go more on you. I said a minimum of, I did say at no less than two. So somewhere between two and five, it's two positive. Yeah, that they need to, the community garden, the green space he has already. Okay. She's more of points. Uh, developer, developer also, but no, item four, developer also must meet a minimum of two positive points. So you have, you, you, you said you have about 40% green space today. So that is, um, I mean, that's just kind of like, so the code is 10% common area, right? We get, I think as it sits now already 6% just in that middle square. So if we, you know, say some of the other landscape areas around the sidewalks is also additional green space, we'll be able to hit that 10%. Um, so we're not at 40% of the common, the common green space, it's just as a whole, okay, because you're not divided. Yeah. If you don't divide it, because you're not so, correct, you're not divided. And, yeah, and detention, or detention can only be 50% of it. Yeah. Yeah. Which, subdued by, I would cause major issues. So I think it really is just incumbent upon you if you want to impose a, a, a, a negative point value, you know, right? Pam? Yeah. Just a negative point. And you can tell me which one it is. I mean, we said at least two positives. Well, it would be, what, I think what you would be doing is just creating a negative point system of whether it's, you say two or three. And then that's, hey, we're, we're allowing you to proceed with your concept. We're just asking you to, to mitigate two or three or whatever it's the council's pleasure. Yeah. Yeah. Just recognize we may have to work with you on how could you achieve that? Because we just identified a pool attendant like some of these things are just, yeah, you know, or not, or not out. I think, I think two is fair. Yeah. Yeah. That and then, and then him adding the, the, him adding the second exit into the default support, I think that's going to be a nice and minute to have for multiple reasons. So we want to positive to negative. In addition to your, in addition to your requirement. Yeah. Yeah. That's already, we're not touching the fence requirements. Okay. All right. We understand. Right down the positive. I think we're, I think we're imposing the, I think what, I think what councilman Ramirez asked you for is that there's a, we're allowing you to go to this, this density, but you, you're going to have to mitigate two negative points. So meaning that he'll have to select like, you're, yes, you're, we follow. Okay. And, and I think how you do that, just going to be signage, it may be, you know, additional landscape. Yeah. It may be, yeah, maybe, maybe some, you know, brick accents, just any of those qualities that you may be incorporated into. Yeah. It's all in the better mid of the community anyway. So yeah. I follow. Okay. All right. Okay. Good. All right. So it's him. Mr. Bo, Mr. Bull, John, oh, seconds, Mr. Ramirez motion, any council comments? All right. It's open for public comment. Oh, do you have a name? Yeah. Are you, are you, I mean, I'm calling it fourth street code. It's cool right now, but that's probably, it'll, probably get adjusted. Maybe nice to add in some kind of foster, you know, some, bring recognition to the park. Sure. What's that? I'm not saying to be nice because you have a lot of people that don't know where foster park is and foster cottages, quarters, I don't know. Whatever. We have, we have foster, we do have a development or construction today, foster growth on the back. Anyway, that's near via tarz old property. So, all right. It's open for public comment. All right. There's no public comment. I'm a skid, please call the vote on one of the variants. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Well, thank you both. And we look forward to, to working with you to help bring it forward. Thank you. Thank you all. All right. Resolutions, agenda item 6.1's resolution 2023 34 resolution authorized and in directing the mayor. To execute for on behalf of the city of Youngville, the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, and active substantial completion from southern constructors LLC pertaining to the completion of a contract for the 42 77 36 Kool-A-Lisrael Regional Detention Pond project. This emotion by Miss Champagne second by Councilmember Boljiano. Any comments from other view? Okay. Any to open for council comments? Pam, any comments on this? I mean, I know you'll call. I mean, it looks great. And we're going to be taking our leadership Youngville class to it next week so that they can see the finished product. So, no, we're very, we're very proud of it. And, and you know, now we can move on to the La Riviera getting that one through because we have a pond to drain into. So, the lividria road project. Yeah. Yeah. Also Terry and I took Matt and Lindy and we did a little, we did a drive through tour of that area. So, it's very nice. This is the this is the Regional Detention Pond on South La Riviera road just north of southside high school. So, if we get some rain this weekend, maybe we'll start seeing a little water in it. So, yeah. It's more like a league. All right. Is there any public comment? All right. If there's no public comment misgidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, Councilor. All right. 6.2 resolution 2023-35 resolution ordering and calling a special election to fill the vacancy of council member division D city of Youngville, state of Louisiana and taking other matters in connection there with motion by Mr. Bolgiano, second by Mr. Romero. Is there any comments or questions from the council? Any public comment? The way this resolution is written for the public's benefit is that there would be a special election held on November 5th, 2024 as the primary, qualifying for the vacant seat currently held by council member Creed would be July 17 through 19th. All right. There's no public comment. Or is it public comment? Council comment. All right. Misgidry. All in favor, motion approved. Right. A gin item 6.3 resolution 2023-36 resolution requesting financial assistance from the state of Louisiana under the fiscal year 2023-2024 local government assistance program. Call that legap in community water enrichment fund program. All right. Emotion by Mr. Romero, second by Mr. Creed. Welcome, Mr. Creed. All right. Any comments or questions from the members of the council? All right. Any public comment? All right. Misgidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Right. Just for you, for y'all's benefit. I mean, what we're doing, we typically apply for this grant every year. We've been applying them to water meters. I don't we haven't replaced a lot of water meters that are just past their useful life. So we've we've used we've applied this grant to water meters. We're using this grant for some of our improvements at 307 and 305 Iberia Street. The renovation and part that's happening for the historic societies funded by grant like this. And then we're also we have had some discussion in the administration about using this grant for a police vehicle. So all right. agenda item 7.1. We have three ordinances for final adoption. Ordinance 287.22023 in ordinance amending ordinance 287.1 to adopt. Louisiana State Uniform Construction Code is maybe amended from time to time relative to building regulations in the city of Youngsville. Motion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Barraz. Any comments or questions from the council? I think I explained last meeting. This is simply to let our ordinance float in response to whatever the state code. Yeah, always reflect the state code rather than us having to read it every time they make adjustments. It's just going to be adopting what they have. Any public comment? No public comment misgidory. Please call the vote. All in favor. Motion for. And genitim 7.2 is ordinance 375.1 2023 in ordinance amending 3752014 regulating the permitting of golf carts and slow moving vehicles. Motion by Ms. Champagne and second by Councilmember Bolgiano. Ms. Champagne and Ms. Bolgiano any comments or questions? No, sir. Okay, Mr. Romero. Yeah. Any consideration by the rest of council? I shouldn't bring this up but we kind of talked about the pricing of it. Yeah, it's at 50, but $20 being what a vehicle gets inspected and that's one of two-year basis. So essentially automobile vehicles are $10 a year. And I know at one time, I won't put words in your mouth, but the fee wasn't really of a concern, per se. Well, I think if I recall right at the introduction, you guys had some discussion about it. I think our objective from the administration was really just to the cost as it is today is $75 annually. So we were trying to, we think we've demonstrated I gave you a report last month. I think we have like 400-ish permits that are currently issued, but we have a lot that are also expired. So the goal was really to make registration easier and to some of the feedback of Ms. Champagne and I talked and all of you was really to reduce that fee and put it similar to the schedule that the states on. So what that fee is is really determined by you guys. I mean, she's still doing home visits with it. It's a pretty good program. I mean, it's working pretty good. And if the goal is to increase compliance, she's now able to do it over two-year periods to hopefully get more carts registered once we're able to promote the new price. But it's at y'all's direction or discussion on what you'd like to see it set at. The ordinance as presented tonight for adoption would be $50 for two-year permit. And I'm not objected. I'm just seeing if anybody had any concerns or you got brought up her chief while we're talking about this. Has there been any type of enforcement in the last 30 days since this ordinance was first presented to us? No, we haven't had any. I didn't know he had issues right then. That's it. Okay. Okay. All right. So any other council comment? Any public comment relative to the adoption of the ordinance? And that is the only change, a two-year permit in the lowering of the fee. So, okay, Ms. Barries. I just think that a car is $20 for two years. A golf court is a lot smaller. And I think it would allow more people, more people would get it permitted if it was only $20. I don't think $50 is outrageous. Don't get me wrong. And it's a lot better than the 75th annually. But maybe if they thought of it as a vehicle inspection. Now we do have to pay for a co-reforcement to go out there and do the permitting. So, I mean, maybe $25 every two years. Yeah, I don't have a strong opinion about it. I think, I mean, Terry, maybe you can help me out. The outreach is really consisting of we do several of the large neighborhoods where we see concentrations are some after hours, events there. So we probably have minimal over time, you know, there for that. But I believe the others that are being registered, she's largely been able to do it within her work schedule. So, I don't yield to Terry, but I don't have a concern about the price being one way or the other. I think that there should be a cost. But you make a valid point. I mean, would it, I think the goal and the intention is not to shuffle papers here or to make revenue off of it. The goal is simply to when when code enforcement does a home visit with you, they can you the ordinance, but they also are telling you, hey, here's the ordinance, but here's the top five things you need to be concerned about. License driver, date time use, stay in the neighborhood and you know, yeah, maybe whatever, whatever those top, you know, things are, like, yeah, adult license driver, no kids as passengers younger than whatever, whatever those main events are. So that way, you know, the ordinance is in the hand when that stickers on their current, you can rest assured that code enforcement has personally made kind of like when you see sitting in the exit row of a plane and it's like, you know, you're willing to assist like a non-eater verbal acknowledgement. It's kind of with this is so that way if there is a permitted golf card in a neighborhood street of Young'sville, the intention was to give our law enforcement, you know, the, like you know, so that you're kind of removing that doubt for law enforcement to say, well, you know, you have a current sticker, so I know you know the rule. So what the cost is, I mean, I'll leave that up to you guys. So Mr. Aboljana, what is our current penalty if they get, I think it's stopped and they are not registered? This ordinance, I think allows for there to be a $200 penalty that would be, it should there be a citation written and it would be handled through the through the through the mayor's court. Okay. That's a component of I'm not mistaken of this. Yeah, that $200 penalty is part of this ordinance. Okay. Yeah, because that could also be adjusted. I'll say that. Yeah, I'm going to post a low on the cost, but we have people that can't even get a CEO for their businesses in Young'sville and that's free. Like, you know, like we can't just at what point do we, I don't want meeting them in the middle, but at some point in time, like, how much slack we willing to give and there's no penalty. So like if that is free and I can't get you to do that, but I'm going to lower the cost for a permit down to $20, but I can't get you to come here and do it. Then it's them, then what, you know, I mean, you're buying these golf course don't cost $500, they're paying eight, you know, $6 to 10 grand for golf court. I think just a suggestion. What I would maybe ask you to consider and we don't have it illustrated on here. If you do want to consider dropping the fee, which in essence, you are, you may want to also consider adjusting the penalty as well. And it's not, for me, it's not a revenue driver, but I mean, you have a, if you're going, if you're going 11 to 20 miles per hour over the speed limit, that citation inclusive of court costs is $334. It's my appreciation. You know, if you're going 10, you know, the, yeah, up to zero to 10, it's I think $174. I think a seatbelt violation is $50. So that $200 penalty has been, you know, this ordinance hasn't been touched since 2014. So just, you know, just throwing out the context for you guys to, yeah, because I mean, the, the, the, the biggest goal for this is safety. And there's, there's a litany of parents that take, you know, take seriously, and don't want their kids riding their son that just honestly don't care at all, even when enforcement is implied. And I feel like the cheaper that we make the, the, the permit to get, you know, I've seen, there's a, there's a quite a bit of really nice high golf cards, and there's some that are just barely put together with four wheels. And, you know, people reckless driving through communities and before it someone's going to get hit, kids on a golf cart. I'm just, we could play devil's advocate, my name on a quarter back at all we want. So I mean, it doesn't, it doesn't bother me to lower the rate. I would, I would just hope that the enforcement and we would stick the penalties that those imply. And or, you know, your first penalties 200 if it happens again, then you're banned for, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know what, whatever that may be. I don't know if that could have more discussion, but I just want us to come down off of where we, where we originally saw it at just to have a free for all. Okay. Miss shop, fine. Yes, thank you. I'm good with whatever the concert decides is a fee. We do also have to consider. Don't just go out after hours. She does a lot of the registration, which really worked well. I think, well, somewhat well. But by lowering the fee, hopefully we get more of a turnout if she continues to do that. I agree with the safety side. And I think we're going to, and I know the chief will and the officers, the enforcement, I think it's a big issue that we need to make sure happens. And at some point in time, we can't allow the golf courts on the street that aren't registered. So I think we need to give enough time to register them and then start enforcing the law. So yeah, with safety at the motion. Yes, ma'am. Mr. Ramirez. What, uh, I don't have the complete ordinance of probably $200 up to $200 is what the, it is to what's the secondary? Isn't it something like dirt is towing it and impounding or I'm going to pull it up for it. Oh, okay. Because I don't have it only. This is dead. So the first, I think it's, is it said at $200? I believe I think it's, I think it's set 200 for the first offense. It's three offenses, if not mistaken, right? I mean, it was last month. I'll tell you. Let's see. I mean, I look at, I, Linda, I agree with you. Like, I think, and so I know the, once the enforcement does start occurring, where the mouth's going to get around, uh, I do think the fee should be shocking when you get it, because I mean, when you get a speeding ticket over 10 miles an hour, it's 334 or whatever, it goes to 37. So that's a little shocking and a hit to the pocket book for anybody. Uh, yeah, I, I, I, again, enforcement's going to be the big thing on this. It says any permit of operation may be revoked by the chief of police or their design. If there is any evidence of material misrepresentation made in the permit application, if liability insurance has been revoked, suspended expired or is no longer an effect, or if there's any evidence that the permitted cannot safely operate a golf cart and slow moving vehicle, a permit shall be revoked by the chief of police or his design if it is found that the operator or any person at the operator allows to operate said vehicle driver's license has been suspended revoked or expired. The chief of police or his design, he shall issue a notice of revocation and the event that a permit is revoked and shall hand delivered said revocation notice to the permit holder or the chief of police may send said notice by certify mail to the address of the applicant. Uh, shall be effective immediately upon hand delivery or three days after. Um, it says any person who violates any section or part of this article or fails to comply with the section of part of this article shall be responsible for an infraction shall be required to pay a penalty in the amount of $200. Yeah, there's no right. Yeah, okay. I mean the biggest issue, I think we all can agree is underage drivers. I mean not, I mean the second thing would be kids running the front that are really really um, I've seen that from time to time, you know, but it's underage drivers. Yeah, the monetary amount of developments and they could be free to get the permit on their own care. It's more about, you know, if anything happens, what's going to, what's going to catch the attention of the other the goal card of it and I hope to be at the bottom of the injury or somebody or worse, you know. Catherine, did you all have a comment? Um, the, the dark is, that's in the regulations, right? You can't drive when it's dark. Correct. So with the sun, you know, the time change, it gets dark. So early, is it for safety reasons or can that be like more of a time frame or is it just serious? Well, you bring up, I mean, you bring up a good point. I mean, headlights are required, um, you know, but that, you know, unless the council, you know, changes that, I mean, I'm looking for that provision, but it's really intended for daytime you sound like. Mayor, I'd rather brand new orders right here. Mayor, if you don't mind. There's something else in there. Yes. Okay. So just remember, there's also state ordinances that we need to follow. And if the state ordinance says there's no time, if it's night, no nighttime activity or you have to follow that also, we're giving a permit based on what the state ordinance is saying and people are compliant. Uh, from addition, I mean, I understand what you're saying, but there's also cards on sidewalks. There's also, I mean, we had to put boggages on the bridge because they were hitting. So it's not just a, the kids are driving the type deal. It's a lot of adult drivers that are licensed that are doing the wrong thing. So just to be clear, so nighttime activity, if the state ordinance says no nighttime activity, then that's what you have to follow. You can't make it less stringent in the state ordinance. So just to remind me, that's a good point. I don't, and I don't remember the state rule. I know that the state rule talks about specific roads that you can cross, which really, you know, it was like for the 35 mile power less, which I know that there was some question about allowing across in on shimmy metery, but the speed limit on shimmy metery wouldn't allow because I would be in conflict with the state law. I don't know. That's a good point there. I don't know if it, I don't recall there being a provision that addressed daytime use there. You know, there, look, there is plenty that there is plenty that you can consider and that you can talk about and you can do within this ordinance. I mean, y'all know, the ordinance number is in 2014 because that's how long it's been in place. We passed what we, we passed what we did at the time because that was the only way I could secure a third. I was a council member. That was the only way I could secure a third vote to get favorable passage because the chief at the time and we had two hard-nosed on the council. You know, have have we evolved? I mean, we're building, you know, those houses that are being built with, you know, golf cart garages and things. So I think I, I share your agreement that it's when I read in the neighborhood pages, it's kids that are being disrespectful to, you know, the stop signs and all these things. You know, but, you know, go by El Paso or, you know, what was poor, things like that. I mean, you see how people are using them. So, you know, I'm open to any, you know, changes, you know, on it. I mean, with the only thing that we, the only thing that we were presenting to you for discussion was really relative to the, to the permitting cost. But it can all be, it can certainly all be looked at. I mean, you can, you have a couple of things you can do. You can, you can pass it with a smaller registration fee. So at least, you know, we can continue our process from the administration of permitting at whatever new rate it is. Or you can, you know, you can certainly table this and decide to take a deeper look if you want to adjust other components, you know, of it. If you, if you pass it to adopt it tonight, any change, any further changes to it would have to come back for introduction and then lay it over for adoption again. We can still do that. I mean, it's, it's really, it's up for your, however, whatever you'd like to see or do in it. Oh, doing okay. I'm sorry. I forgot already. Is there any public comment? Ms. Shumpan? I was just going to make a comment. I think that we do need to lower the permit cost tonight. We introduced it last month. So I think we need to take care of that tonight and do a deeper dive into the golf court ordinance. We may take us a few months. Yeah. You know, look at everything that's going on now and, and all of the stipulations that we can come back at a different time. But I would, I would recommend that we just lower the cost tonight and then look, take a deeper dive into the complete ordinance. So fun later date. What is the pleasure of the cost? Because we never agreed on a cost. I will make, I will make a motion. Do you want to keep it at 50 for two years? I'll lower it to the cost of what it costs for vehicle. But we're going to come back and what is that? And, and look at it later time. Just leave that 50. That's taking it down quite a bit. And we can look at changing it. If we, we're not getting more permits, people aren't permitting it. Maybe we go down a little bit more, adjust court calls at a later date. So I would leave that 50. For now. Okay. So there was, there was already a motion in a second to do it as, as, as written. So is there any other, any other comment, any public comment? Okay. So the only change here is $50 for two years at this time. Sorry, Ms. Kidri, please call the vote. All in favor. The item 7.3 is ordinance 487, 2023 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville, Louisiana, declaring the southern east west connector, long-line road extension to be a public necessity, authorizing the acquisition of the necessary land, easement, servitudes, rightaways, and other property rights requisites of the construction of set extension either on an amicable basis or through the use of expropriation process if necessary. There's a motion by Mr. Bolgiano and a second by Mr. Romero. Any council comment? Excited. Excited. Okay. Any public comment? What we're doing here is we've met with the actually Pam for your benefit. Well, you were on vacation. Terry and I did meet with the landowner of one of the parcels, presented here, you know, the new layout. What we're attempting to do here is really, and it's up, you know, we, this ordinance, you know, is looking everything from extended long-line road, across Giat, all the way to Dayton, and then, you know, maybe even one day all the way across to Deakin, but, you know, funding and rightaways and all the things, we also are taking an internal look at what if we just rebuild Shim and Agriab, but soften that escur. And that's really where I'm, where I'm the preference that I have because we can utilize, you know, existing road right away, even if we build a brand new road, txtin long-line road to the west, we still have to deal with a Shim and Agriab that's really in substandard condition. So we do have a development in progress, keen view, that's in that escurve. So we're working with that developer to see if his line work can be adjusted, and, you know, what would really be the loss of lots. So, and I also think that this may position us to do something there sooner than later, since we already have a cooperative endeavor agreement with the state for, I think, eight, six to 800,000 that once we get the executed copy, and we can really, you know, see and use your path here. So, all right, are there any comments or questions? All right, here are none, Ms. Giger, please call the vote. All right, thank you, Council. We'll move to staff announcements. Pam. All right, well, while you're on there, I did happen, my report. So we did follow up with the engineer of the developer on the long-line extension to give him our line work for the preferred alignment so that he could put it over his plans to see what kind of impacts within modifying the development. So we did submit that. 2022 roadway improvement program, I think everybody's aware we're reconstructing North LaRiviaire. So just for the council and the general public, the contractor is not on the road right now because it is curing with the solstimates. So I have to always clarify that when people see the contractor working and off the job. But he is scheduled to do the paving to do the asphalt paving. He was scheduled to start Monday right now. It looks like it could rain Monday, but whether permitting they will start Monday, if not as soon as it, whether it's dry, they'll start the pavement on North LaRiviaire. We are currently patching still in field crests and then we'll begin our milling and overlay part. Next we'll become after they finished field crests. They will go to a couple of sections that we have in Copperfield and then the last remaining in the 2022 roadway would be the Valesco crossing. Both by detention ponds, of course, are complete. We still have a few weeks left on the Bailey Grove before they have to do their clear lean certificate in order to be able to collect their retainage. And of course, Kulu, the Sal, the 45 day lean period starts after we record that document that you guys approved today. For the sidewalk project, the sidewalk drainage project that along Highway 92, we are 75% complete with the survey data collection on that project. LaRiviaire Road, we have 100% plans to submit to DOTDB for Thanksgiving with an updated cost estimate. 100%? Yes, it will be 100% now. They have their 100% then they have their vinyl and they've got, you know, DOTD has like 20 different ones. But is 100% further than plan and hand? It's just before they do their plan, they do their plan and hand after you give them the 100%. Understand the bureaucratic terms. Yeah, they have like six additional submittals compared to what we do. But, Anselam, Kulu, regional detention pond, we are working on the modeling and started the environmental documentation that we have to send for the solicitation. We have a lot of information to use. Those plans are in January. We did receive from the state today, which was quite interesting, a new checklist for what they want in the age and age. It's always nice four months into the process to get a new checklist of the stuff they want. But we did receive that today. Highway 89 road widening, the contractor was delivered 60% plans for NQITies, for a GMP on the week of October 18th. We got to the contractor today and we're going to get a price. They're wrapping it up to give us a price next week for Highway 89. And then for for chin road, we gave them 90% plans. We already had a 60% GMP. Now we're getting the 90% GMP. And now that they have voted on Capitol Outlay and we know what our phase one funding is. We're waiting on that 90% to see what items would have to be taken out to go to phase two. But it is 90% designed. So it's just a matter of saying these quantities and this part's not included. We did get our letter of no objection from enterprise in order to be able. That was our last remaining utility issue associated with fortune. And we did receive that last week. We are in pretty good shape with enterprise and shell on the highway 89. And we've also worked with enterprise on the Valesco crossing because they own that crossing as well. But they're working very well with us. And I think that's it for the projects that we have. All right. Thank you, Pam. Thanks. Did you have anything about you wanted to share with the councilor? Yeah, I can give up. On the young sports complex edition. Just want to give an update. We are. Pretty much complete with all the sewer line work that needs to be done in the site. We are about 90% complete with all the water. We will we started working on a waterline offset at the taunt road so we can put our last remaining drain pipe. And we'll be finished with drainage with exception just capping off the tops. I guess the point in all that is a lot of people have acts, you know, what's going on. They see a lot of work out there, but we're now finally finishing everything on the ground. So we are the contract is prepping up with a lot of concrete work in the next two months before Christmas. They actually what people can't see is that the whole concession building structure, all the concrete is done there. All the electrical plumbing is all there. We can't see it from the road, but that's all done. So they will start putting irrigation. They started yesterday and the sawed a lot of people may have noticed they had grass on the berm. Not it's all been removed. We actually built the berm a foot higher on purpose to let the last couple of months of just rain, all the erosion come out. Now they're ready. They strip the grass off. They're putting the irrigation. So we're going to irrigate those berms so that they're constantly watered after kids run all over them and just keep the grass vibrant on those berms. The parking lot, you can see the parking lot and all the curbing and the parking lot's done. They start they're going to be cutting saw seam at tomorrow. That's Glenn Lajey working on that. They're going to start the concrete seat walls and the amphitheatre and towards the end of November. So we're going to try to have all those concrete seat walls in by Christmas. The big thing that everybody's been working together is the stage. And what I'll tell you about the stage is that we've been continuously working with a professional stage. We've been working with a designer to think long term for both small, mid and maybe an occasional large concert or performer. And so we want to make sure that at stage is able to handle the various type of components, audio speaker systems. We want to think in those words. So we made us a little slight modification to the structure at the top. This is going to handle some future light fixtures. If ever we bring somebody big into town and the mayor committed that he's bringing in that international superstar. So no, no, it's not okay. I'm just joking. But anyway, other than that, things are going well. We've been blessed with good weather because we're playing around with so much dirt. So but yeah, things are moving along. I think you're going to start seeing action now. What's going on a lot behind the scenes is also the approval of so many products, the pickleball courts, the colors. The wood color seal roof systems. We're going with all that's been approved and all that. So a lot of those things are in have been ordered. And so when it's going to get there, you're going to see a there still on track to finish around April. Maybe April may. Yeah, learn how to just kind of give some great. Oh, did he? Well, no, JB Moot always they continuously update their schedule. Yeah, but it did April may we will be we'll be close. We'll update you all for any other questions. Thanks, thanks. All right. Thank you. Tim was unable to make it tonight is under the weather. I'll share some of the highlights of his report and I could be happy to send it to you by email as well. The youngs will sports complex indoor girls volleyball all start teams have been selected their first tournaments on November 19th. The Delt softball playoff games are finished as of tonight. Sugar Beach adult volleyball league ends next Tuesday. Like football fall playoffs tomorrow in Monday with the new format for soccer south side. Had a 30% increase in players to bring their total to 2500 players. It looked like it too. If you looked at their days soccer fall season is ended when I have arca middle school arca high school and south set high school boys and girls home soccer games. Bitty basketball girls teams were drafted last night and the boys will be drafted on Saturday with practice starting on Monday. Games will begin on December 2nd with a thousand participants. Our last tournament will be next weekend with ice rink arriving on Sunday. Then the setup will take place the entire week of Thanksgiving. A splash park has been closed and winterize will reopen in May of 2024. We tracked attendance and had close to 5000 actual participants not counting their parents or guardians in roughly a four month period. Raising Cain's tennis center was recently named the facility of the year in the state of Louisiana by the Louisiana tennis association. All pickleball free play continues with council and aging starting again the first of the year. The opening of veterans park is the Saturday at 7 a.m. in the Akkadian of veterans alliance. Ruck and run is we're working with them in conjunction with our local veterans. A foreign a wars post 90 to 10. So we had a final meeting about it today. I think there's about 130 race participants in the Ruck and run. So we haven't any events kicking off at 7 a.m. They're going to be on the road running 7 a.m. It's a 10 K. So we're going to be putting out some information just about you know the roads and the route traffic. But it's going to be early that morning on Saturday. So we're excited to to raise the flags of our new stormwater park stormwater project turned into a park this Saturday. Youngso Park Park fetched by the day go family. Is this is going to be the sponsor we've secured their sponsorship there. So kind of a creative play on it. That's why it's being called Youngso Park Park. And you'll see the signage fetched by the day go family. I want all the final signage goes up the parks now permitted through the parks and wreck website. Parks Youngso Parks Parks and Recreation dot com right engine. All right users can log in create an account on that site to purchase a $10 permit. The permits are sold for large dogs 25 pounds and over small dogs. 24 pounds and under once the permits purchase users can email the proof of vaccination. And at bark park at Youngso LA dot gov once they receive the payment permit proof of vaccination a unique code is going to be provided to access that park. It's $10 a year that permits a valid for a calendar year. But since we're opening late this year. The first permits we valid until the end of 2024. And the shots required or border teller rabies and parvo. And the renewal email reminders will go out in November of December of 2024 to remind them to purchase a new permit for 2025. So I'm excited to share that the water treatment plan which includes an elevated storage take and water line connections. The final coordination we think is finally all complete and we're ready to put the job out to bid. So we're going to be working on some bid dates for that project. This is going to be the water plan at the at the Youngso horse arena. So using our three wells that we've been drilling over the last couple years to quadruple our daily production on the Youngso system to work with the Youngso wholesale system that we purchased from Youngso I'm sorry purchase from LUS. That's the main events from that Terry. My part. I was just reading. But to comment though those areas started off with detention pause. But that's the main focus. I mean they really we decided to create some park areas instead of just cutting grass. So that that was the whole thing. Yeah, very proud of them and hope to hope that you'll be as excited as well as we open them. I just have two other announcements and I want to hear from the council. First I just want to congratulate Coach Broadhead who's a youngsoil resident. I was very proud to see this week 100th win in the Gary Broadhead era and the cage and dome. So pretty just first class. So we remember a lot about football and other programs with the women's basketball program under coach broadheads leadership is just doing phenomenal. And then lastly, I don't know if you saw the news. Hopefully the state put out a press release Friday and it was the end of the week. I think it might have been a little bit lost. But we don't take enough time to celebrate these kind of wins. I just want to share that infinity valve and supply expansion is resulted in 213 new Acadiana region jobs. That is a subsidiary of infinity valve and supply. It's called infinity operators 68 direct new jobs with an average annual salary at 52,000. So what we're retaining 47 existing positions was a Louisiana economic development worked on it. Also our local after economic development authority. So they're located right there on youngsoil highway Griffin road. So very happy about them expanding here in our community. You know, with 100 it's their their describing is 145 new indirect jobs in our community and I'm sure you'll agree that's that's a cause for for celebration, particularly with inflation and everything else going on. So all right any council announcements. How about chief and chief announcements. Yes, sir, maybe you hit the microphone. Yes, sir. First, I just want to give kudos to our criminal investigative section. We had a substantial theft from a business recently. They did great work on it to identify the suspects. Not only identify them, but track them back and connect them to other similar thefts in Mississippi. Find the suspect lived in Texas. So we have active ones of that person now and tech Texas actively looking for them. In addition, I just remind everybody holidays are coming holidays, increased thefts, package thefts. People need to be on the lookout for that. If you see something out of place in your subdivisions neighborhood, please call us. We'll have our patrol out as normal paying attention to these things, trying to make sure we're catching them before they happen. But in addition to that, UPS FedEx. Every year contracts a lot of employees out. So you're probably seeing people in unmarked vehicles. You look at have vest and some kind of identification of business delivering packages, especially in bigger subdivisions. So that's a very common thing that you're going to see. The last thing I have is scams are on the rise. All year long with special nowadays, they typically target elderly people. Remember, I put this on our Facebook before I continue to share it. No law enforcement local or otherwise will contact you for money to ask you to get gift cards, to ask you to get anything of value to provide to them over the phone. If you have any warrants, anything like that law enforcement will contact you with the subpoena at your residence. It's not going to be over the phone. So just keep that stuff in mind so we can stop getting people scammed out of money. All right, thank you Chief. Are there any council announcements? All right. It's in this councilman Barraz. I just want to wish all of our military a happy veterans day for Saturday, V11. I also want to congratulate the Youngsville Lions Club. They won second place at the VFW Gumbelchibit Gouff this past Saturday. And I want to wish my son Jonah a happy birthday, 26th birthday, and a happy anniversary to my husband, 34 years. Where'd he go? I know he was here earlier. He's celebrating. Miss Champagne. Yes, thank you. Yes, I also want to just thank all our military for their service. Without their service to our communities in our state, you wouldn't see three women sitting on this podium tonight. So I'd like to thank them. And I'd also like to congratulate Miss Barraz and Miss Crete again tonight. Thank you. Yes. Thank you both. Thank you, Miss Champagne. I can't remember where Marra. Yeah, echo. Shannon, congratulations on winning your seat. Great victory. You worked hard for it. Congrats, Jamie. The only appointment. Welcome. And I know he's not here, but congratulations to our former colleague. Staying in his very, with his monster of a win. Hopefully he comes back and visits it's a couple of times. I don't know. But the only other thing is, if you don't have anything going on Friday night and you want to see a good playoff game, Southside High School is hosting. Unfortunately, we still play at St. Martinville High School out of the parish and all that good stuff. But if you want to come out and see some good football, they're playing some great ball Friday night seven. Playoffs every year. Every year since they started. How about that? How about that? All right. And Mr. Doyle-Budrow is also here representing Mayor President Gilley. So Doyle, thank you for what you're doing. I've visited with the Mayor President in earlier today and appreciate the friendship and the partnership. So thank you. All right. Is there any other business before the council? Is there a motion to adjourn? All right. Motion by Ms. Champagne, second by Mr. Bullgiano. All right. All in favor? All right. Thank you so much. Meeting adjourned. Have a great evening.