on it. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Mary, if we're going to do the 21 day and you're asking for representation, I think Miss Rayo would be a good representative since it's in her real house with properties. If she's okay with that. I just wanted to question going to so let's just say a perfect case scenario that this is able to be purchased and whatnot. You'll have any idea on how much money would need to be put into this home in a sense to kind of make it into a story of a society because I don't know what to imagine. You could just move into this home today and it's going to be, you know, what you want to be. Well, the roof is two years old. The AC is new as well. It's been recently refurbished. So other than cleaning on the inside, we don't see a lot that we would have to do. We have we have planned to do our own display cases and the different things to put inside the outside is a little bit different story. It's not as pristine as the inside is. So, but basically it is suppression washing some cleaning. You know, you know, the whole board has said, you know, we could have a great cleanup day or five. But we do we do have some work to do on the outside. And we wouldn't try to make any initial big changes to it in the beginning. We would like to get up and running as soon as possible. You know, hopefully by, you know, the end of the summer, if we were able to get in it. Have you all come up with any kind of strategic plan on this for like generating revenue like is an entry fee or that kind of yes, we do have in our bylaws. We do have a membership. We are working with trying to get major donors in three tiers, like a bigger donor, medium donor and smaller donors to help. And you know, early on we talked to the mayor for a city for a city of historical museum. We weren't sure about charging an admission, but we've been touring our group has been touring different museums and they all charge. So I think it's, you know, something that's expected when you tour a museum. So yes, we would do that. We've also the kitchen is kind of an interesting kitchen. We think we could do some Cajun cooking classes in there. We could invite speakers to come and talk about the city. We have so many older people that have, you know, I was so fortunate to have gotten to interview Mr. Seymall before he passed away. I interviewed him in July. Like July the third, the year before he passed away this past July. And I am a clone of the night where it is house for I know about four hours and his whole entire living room