have anything you'd like to share, we would invite you to come forward and give us your name. And we're all ears. Oh, sure. Yes. Let's see. Well, we have somebody's coming up. I'm going to let Mr. Romero. I just want to lead off by saying, I know we said this before and all the council agreed. It was a tumultuous time as far as changing the route. All the things you'll adapt it to new staff coming in phenomenal job. Good job, chief. Good job, Terry, your staff. I didn't hear one complaint leading up to it. And that starts with you guys. So I just wanted to make sure that was said because you'll really do a good job. Sure. All right. Thank you. I'll be right in the right. The only issue that I found this year was the two roundabouts mainly. Whenever we were making the turn, they were so close to the truck that the mirrors of the truck were almost hitting the people. So I don't know. Maybe take the barricades from Rouse's going to the sports complex and moving them to the roundabouts. Yeah. Because other than that, I mean, it was fun. It's just they're too close to the float. I mean, they can basically do this and might just touch the float. It was hard for our drivers to make the turns. The roundabout by Tads, probably in particular. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We saw that and we identified it as well. So I just want to check to see for next year. No, appreciate that. We had a meeting shortly after the parade and that was something that internally we debriefed about and made some notes about that as well. So great, great feedback. Were you a driver in the parade or did you? You just wrote, okay? Yes, sir. Well, perfect. Well, we appreciate that and thank you for participating in the parade. Every year. All right. We'll see you next year then. All right. Yes, Charles. What's again, uh, reiterating what Mr. Matt said. Under the changes that were done, I think they were done, you know, very well. Appreciate you actually putting out there. I know it was kind of sticking your neck out and then listening to everybody and then, you know, making an appropriate changes. So I didn't think it was that big of a deal. I'm happy to be involved in it. And, you know, you know, through some correspondence with yourself, you know, I didn't think it was great. That's not that it was, you know, it was really good and the route changed. It wasn't that significant enough to bother anything. Yeah, I did. I was able to send you some notes in regards to some of the concerns that we had. But overall, it was great. You know, it would be. It's always fun. You know, cutting it down. I mean, we're still able to get done in a timely fashion.