 Oh yeah. I'm not getting that. I'm not going to go. Oh, who is he? He's so good. All right, good evening everybody. Good evening, business meet you guys. Thursday, July 11th. At tonight we have one preliminary plat for review. So that's a gen item 2.1, request for preliminary plat approval for the resubdivision of track 3a1, which is the estate of Mr. and Mrs. George, Gerard creating tracks 3a1a and 3a1b located in section 15, T11S, R5E. Council members in your packet this evening, you have a letter from the city's review. And I'd like to turn it over to Pam, and she'll cover the specifics about it for you this evening. So Pam, floor is yours, ma'am. It's. Yummy. All right, thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Council. Okay, for this one, as you have in your letter, we recommend the city approved this preliminary plat, but I just wanted to kind of, just so that it doesn't confuse you, you have seen parcels in this area before, and the previous plat of the plat I think you may have. And out there in the area as you're going towards, um, lettrium, you'll see in past, all the naster and all those areas, there was like a large estate, and several people have bought over time. The problem is as they've bought, when after the first development that we had, after that, if you recall, for some of you, we had Mr. Hadoogos, a development on Deacon Road. And the problem we have is, if we keep dividing property, a lot of times people want to do the large lots and divide them, but then we have issues associated when people buy the property of not, of pushing back on the drainage requirements, even though it's on the plat, pushing back on that. And as you know, when they do this, and they do the large plat, nobody wants to bring water, nobody wants to bring sewer, whatever. Well, over time, if those people keep dividing and dividing and dividing, go look at how many houses you have out there, and yet no water, no sewers been brought out. Many of them have tried to submit, and they try to call it a boundary line adjustment. And I just want to make sure, so if people ever call in, if you have a boundary line adjustment, if you have two lots, and you're going to combine it to one, now you're adjusting the boundary. If you have two lots, and you're moving one of the boundaries in between, that's a boundary line adjustment. If you've got one lot, and you're divided it into two pieces or more, that is a subdivision of property, and by our code, that's a development. You know, this particular property was one, they did a boundary line adjustment several years ago, saying it was just a boundary line adjustment. It was a division of property. There, the surveyer submitted the remaining portion, and now he originally had done it as a boundary line adjustment. I kicked it back and said, no, it's a division of property, because it's my understanding, so Mr. Groget would like to keep 3.39 and do his home on the 3.39 acres, the 3a1-1a, but he's going to sell the 8.33 acres. So what I wanted is for us to bring it into, because whoever buys that 8.33, we don't let them come in here and saying, well, I'm now gonna divide this, and then again, we just have, it's the old family might own it, whatever, and family sells it. We've never been very successful as that happens. We don't want to tell people what to do with their property, but by the same token, if it's going to keep getting on, that's for all intents and purposes development. And I wanted you guys to know in case you drive out there and start seeing all these houses, why we didn't see plats or whatever, well, if they keep submitting them as boundary line adjustments, you'd never see them. So that's what this is. And so the purpose of this is I wanted to make sure that we had everything on it that we needed to have, but also to have the notes, to let them know that, so we need a legal description on it, because again, there's no legal description as to those two lots. And that's part of what's required. They need to include the city limits, the base flat elevation data on it. They need to put the note requiring all city streets that board of the property, they need to have sidewalks. It's my understanding that on the previous one, they did not tell Mr. Gajay that he had to put sidewalks in front of his home when they did, because it was just a boundary line adjustment. So it didn't fall under the subdivision regulations, but we need, it's been the, this area has been divided way too many times over the last nine years, they need to start putting sidewalks. And then we made sure they understood the note of the finished floor elevation, need to be more than two feet for to the center line of the adjacent road, or one feet above BFE, whichever is higher, because it is open ditch out there. And that we wanted a note added that if development detention pod is not constructed at this point that each lot's gonna provide it. So again, we don't want any pushback because we have on some of the previous ones, people don't want to put out detention pod. Impervious area is impervious area. You have these large lots, what happens is they start what a house, they got a barn, they got a large driveway, they got a pool, whatever. Like it's a big lot and people put a lot of impervious area on them. If you don't, then your pond is probably just gonna be a little swale on the side of your property soon. That's the purpose of why this was brought to you to make sure and then the plat conditions. Again, when we say the drainage impacts analysis, again, when they do their lot, I mean, when they do their house, because again, this has no detention. So when the house or anything that's done on there, they still have to meet the requirements since nothing has been brought to us. So people buy in these large individual lots that don't have pond's need to understand the requirements when they come to the city. And part of the area, the back area is in flood zone A and we just remind them about that. Again, we talk about the sanitary sewer and the water. We've had people in the past, when they come out to the back part, they want to know why they don't have water. Well, people are dividing these lots and they're not doing it as development so they're not bringing water and sewer. We want to make sure that people know, like we make no, we are saying we have no capacity there. I mean, we have nothing there. There's no water lines. There's no sewer lines. People need to know when they're buying these lots, what to expect. And so everything else is our normal things if they're that we have on our plat's. But that is, you know, we're not against the division of property. We just want to make sure that they know when they do this, this is not divided in a bunch of pieces and you don't have to meet our regulations. Everybody else does. All right, thanks, Pam. Council, any questions or comment related to the review letter for the subdivision of property? Yes, sir, Mr. Romero. Are owners of the property here? Or are they? Are the drawers here? I don't think so. Are anyone representing the subdivision of property? OK, just want to make sure we don't have a comment on that. Thanks. All right, any other comments, council members? Is there any public comment related to the subdivision of property? All right, if there's no comments related to the subdivision of property and no further comments from the council, we will go ahead and adjourn the public hearing and we'll begin the regular council meeting in just a couple of minutes at 6 p.m. So public hearings adjourned. Thank you very much.