ordinance 375.1 2023 in ordinance amending 3752014 regulating the permitting of golf carts and slow moving vehicles. Motion by Ms. Champagne and second by Councilmember Bolgiano. Ms. Champagne and Ms. Bolgiano any comments or questions? No, sir. Okay, Mr. Romero. Yeah. Any consideration by the rest of council? I shouldn't bring this up but we kind of talked about the pricing of it. Yeah, it's at 50, but $20 being what a vehicle gets inspected and that's one of two-year basis. So essentially automobile vehicles are $10 a year. And I know at one time, I won't put words in your mouth, but the fee wasn't really of a concern, per se. Well, I think if I recall right at the introduction, you guys had some discussion about it. I think our objective from the administration was really just to the cost as it is today is $75 annually. So we were trying to, we think we've demonstrated I gave you a report last month. I think we have like 400-ish permits that are currently issued, but we have a lot that are also expired. So the goal was really to make registration easier and to some of the feedback of Ms. Champagne and I talked and all of you was really to reduce that fee and put it similar to the schedule that the states on. So what that fee is is really determined by you guys. I mean, she's still doing home visits with it. It's a pretty good program. I mean, it's working pretty good. And if the goal is to increase compliance, she's now able to do it over two-year periods to hopefully get more carts registered once we're able to promote the new price. But it's at y'all's direction or discussion on what you'd like to see it set at. The ordinance as presented tonight for adoption would be $50 for two-year permit. And I'm not objected. I'm just seeing if anybody had any concerns or you got brought up her chief while we're talking about this. Has there been any type of enforcement in the last 30 days since this ordinance was first presented to us? No, we haven't had any. I didn't know he had issues right then. That's it. Okay. Okay. All right. So any other council comment? Any public comment relative to the adoption of the ordinance? And that is the only change, a two-year permit in the lowering of the fee. So, okay, Ms. Barries. I just think that a car is $20 for two years. A golf court is a lot smaller. And I think it would allow more people, more people would get it permitted if it was only $20. I don't think $50 is outrageous. Don't get me wrong. And it's a lot better than the 75th annually. But maybe if they thought of it as a vehicle inspection. Now we do have to pay for a co-reforcement to go out there and do the permitting. So,