 today's Thursday March 30th and the time is 5 p.m. If you please stand this evening our pledge of allegiance or excuse the invocation and pledge of allegiance will be led by council member Lindy Volgiano. Dear heavenly Father, as leaders of our growing city, we are gathered here tonight ask for your guidance and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at Thy mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. God has some following in your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this and in the name of Jesus, amen. Amen. Our pledge of allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, in the name of Jesus. All right, good evening everyone again. I'm sad to be here. I don't think any of us want to be here this evening but I know and I trust that we all love the city of Young'sville. As elected officials, we should hold ourselves to a higher standard and that's why we're here this evening. Miss Reo has resigned and while I hate to lose a teammate, it was the right decision from Miss Reo, her family and our city. She shared with me that she's received death threats and that's apprehensible. She's apologized and it's time for us to move on. But in order to do so, we must have the public's trust and confidence in order to lead our city. Trust is not given and we must collectively work hard to earn and to maintain your trust in respect. We believe that it's our obligation. With that, there's one item that's on our agenda this evening and that item is agenda item 2.1 resolution 2023-08, a resolution of the Young'sville City Council authorizing and directing the mayor to secure an independent investigation of the Young'sville Chief of Police. Mayor, I make a motion to adopt resolution number 2023-08. Okay, motion by council member Stanisbury, a second by councilwoman Sean Pine. Is there any council comment in the Nullen by public comment at that time? If not. Mayor, we have a recommendation to amend said motion. The first part of the amendment will be the scope of the investigation. We'll be from the swearing end of the first term of police chief Ricky Boudreau to present day and the second item of for the amendment will be to give city attorney way trough home to seek out authority to seek out three human resource law firms and to present at the next council meeting on April 13. Okay, I accept it. All right. Perfect. All right, so we have a motion and a second as amended. Wade will hear public comment anything that you care to say at this point. No, no, other than the fact that the scope has been to find what I intend to do is bring to you members of the council by next regular meeting. Several of the law firms who specialize in doing this work, I will find out their availability, the rate sheets for the charges associated with it and then present it to you for you to make a decision on which firm we should use. Thank you, sir. All right. We want to hear your public comment. There are speakers sheets that are available. Several of you have already filled these sheets out. If anyone chooses during this meeting to address the council, it's not filled out of speaker sheet. They're available with misguidry seated to my right. There is a three-minute time limit for public comment. We also ask that those public comments are directed to members of the city council and myself. You'll come to the front podium and right here in front of me. The first speaker is Ms. Heather Smith. Good afternoon. My name is Heather. I do not normally, I'm going to be upset because it's very emotional. I don't normally do this kind of thing. However, I felt very pulled to come and speak on behalf of Kayla today. I met Kayla about two and a half years ago when I joined Krula Vadoo and she was a founder of it and I found that through a mutual friend. I was on the Kru for over a year and in that time I got to know Kayla as a person. Not in the spotlight, not as a councilwoman, not on the news, but I got to know her as an actual human being in a person. During my time with the crew, we did so many things to contribute to the community, trash clean up days, community give back events. We raised a lot of money for causes and people locally and young people that were in need. This is the foundation that Kayla built her crew on that she created. That's the person that she was, someone that had a heart for helping others. I do not currently have a social media. I'm grateful that I don't. I believe it's toxic, destructive and negative. It's something people allow to use to create drama and attention in negative ways. I've been hearing unfortunately some of the things and negative hateful comments said about Kayla and Ricky and I think it's disgusting. To those people who know Kayla as a person, know that they're in Ricky, that they're human beings, they're flawed as we are. The way that they have handled the situation shows me class, respect, accountability and grace. Most I believe would really care less, continue on with their life, but they have chosen to, Kayla has chosen to give up something that she's worked very hard or she's been very deserving of. I believe in life we all make mistakes. We all do things we wish we could take back or have poor judgment on. There is not one person in this room on social media, on the news or in this world that can stand here in front of me today and tell me they are a perfect person and that they feel that if they made one mistake in their life, it should completely overshadow all the great things that they have done and accomplished or that they should let one mistake define who they are as a person or what they stand for. Everyone makes mistakes and yes, we should be held accountable for them when it is appropriate. I watched the video, I saw disrespectful things, I believe an apology was owed and it was given. That's hard, it's hard to apologize. I've gone years without getting apologies from people and I can tell you Kayla will go years without getting apologies for the hateful things people have said to her recently and the death threats as she's receiving. But the type of person that she is is one who will still forgive those people and love them. I do not see that a life was lost or anyone was physically harmed. I don't see anything warranting someone losing a career, their good name or credit for the countless years of giving to a community that turned their back on her in one second. I end with this, John 8.7 says, but Jesus stooped down with his finger, wrote on the ground as though he heard them not. So when they continued asking him, he lifted himself up and said into them, he that is without sin among you, let him cast first stone at her. I ask you today all his human beings. Remember, God sent his only son to die on the cross to forgive you for your sins. Are you better than him not to offer that same forgiveness to others? Thank you. Thank you, Miss Smith. James Anthony. Thank you, sir. It's Deborah Duga. Deborah Duga. James Sevelle. How's it going, guys? My name is James Sevelle. Everybody knows me as Bobba. Bobba Sevelle. I wanted to come tonight because I had some few questions for you. Let me see. Is this better? All right. My question is to a few of you council members and the questions are this. Has anyone on the council received any outside council other than a city attorney about this conversations that we're having tonight? Has anyone hired anybody or spoken to any outside council about tonight's activities? Mr. Sevelle, we're going to take all the comments tonight. They'll be taken under advisement that there won't be a back and forth session. I thought so as not we can't ask questions. It's public comment. It's not public question. All of you need to be fired. Every single one of and I mean that. Thank you for your feedback. Brooker Amos. Brooker Amos. Good evening. I have a question based upon really what information has the council received that led to this particular point in time? You know we I saw a newspaper article that said council meeting is such and such a time but I want to know that we investigated it without anything other than read the newspaper or look at a video on the internet. That's the question. Now you are obviously not going to answer it as you said to the previous gentleman. Nevertheless that's a valid question that I thank everyone wishes to have answered. My next comment is what are the available options after the so-called independent investigation? We'll address these comments. I don't want to address it now. Sir, if you'd like. Well what about my first question? I think that's the one that I think drives most of it. I'm sorry would you repeat your first question? All right. What has the council? I remember it. Excuse me. I do remember it. There have been several comments brought to I think the attention of this governing authority that field there are serious concerns. And so I think without speaking for the council that is what prompted this resolution. Your second question was what now? Well see that that that doesn't answer me sir. You need to say the council is aware that A happened, B happened, C happened. Therefore we have this meeting there are more than A, B and C or whatever. And there are significant issues that have been brought to the attention of this council. I am trying to protect the integrity of this investigation. And so my response to you is how is it going to work? It's going to work where this law firm comes in, whoever this council decides to hire, they're going to conduct interviews of all the police officers. I anticipate them doing that. I don't know what what the exact procedure of each firm employs, but they're going to conduct interviews and they're going to do an investigation. They're going to come back with a report to us or the council. And the council at that point in time will decide whether there's any serious violations, whether there's any ethics violations or anything of that sort. There may be none. And at that point the council can decide what they want to do with the information that's been provided. All right. I understand that. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you, Miss Damon. Mr. Butch, Landry. Yes, sir. Demetrius Stewart. Good evening, everybody. So I appreciate the council. I appreciate everything you all have done for the community of Youngsville. We started off. I'm the one's judge, jury execution or a thing to the day. And I only know one side of the sort from what I've seen on the news, what I follow on social media. I'm not here to discuss any of that. For me, it's more of the accountability piece. The winning back to community trust at the end of the day because from what I saw, I would think to myself, what would happen to me in that situation. I don't got a fine for pulling up to a stop sign. I think I stopped. They didn't think I stopped in. I still got a ticket at the end of the day. It's again, there's only on what I see in this community. And I'm already a part of the minority where we already are made to believe not to trust police officers to think nepotism is this, to think we don't get that fair shake in the community as it is. So as the as the council, I want to know like steps that's going to be taken from the investigation to regain that trusted community. Because just from what I seen in that video, there's no way no citation was given. Again, excuse and everything else that happened in the video, it's what you see. And I don't want to make a judgment call off of one side without reading any more information, police reports or anything else that was filed. But from my point of view, from what I've seen on it, it was more of a slap on the wrist lets go. When I knew in my heart, I wouldn't get that fair chance. I wouldn't get that slap on the wrist. So I love Chief Boudreau. He's always in our neighborhood. He makes sure we good on Halloween. So I appreciate that. I know at the time he probably was doing what he thought was best, but I just want to see more accountability taken. Thank you all again. Thank you, Mrs. Stewart. Kim Horn or Horn? Home. Yes, ma'am, I'm sorry. All right, thank you, ma'am. George Knox. Mayor Counsel, actually this is my first time in the new chamber. So it's great to see everybody here. And thankfully I still get emailed the agenda. Like I was emailed previously. I'm sorry, I'll talk louder. Thankfully I was emailed the agenda like I've always been so that I'm able to keep track. Because obviously I was born and raised here. I'm concerned about young people. I'm concerned about stuff that is reported in the news, social media, and anything else. And I guess what struck me and my concern was, you know, as the mayor and the council is aware, the city of Youngsville is a Lawerson Act community. So in terms of the Lawerson Act, the Lawerson Act, the legislature has set forth the powers of the mayor, the powers of the council, and the powers of elected police chief. And my concern was in reviewing through the Lawerson Act. And I like why I spoke with other attorneys that have been city attorneys as well, who agreed with my assessment. I do not believe, and this is my interpretation. I'm an attorney, I'm a former city attorney for the city of Youngsville. I don't believe that the mayor has the authority to do what the council is requesting that he do. And what I mean by that is, you know, if you if you review the, if you review the Lawerson Act, there's a section that talks about all the duties of the mayor, and also says the mayor has additional powers, duties, and responsibilities. And in that particular provision, it says to supervise and direct the administration and operation of all departments, offices, and agencies, other than a police department with elected chief of police in conformities. So the the the Lawerson Act has basically established the mayor, his responsibilities, the council, its responsibilities, and elected chief of police. So my concern in reading the resolution is the council is directing the mayor to expand public funds to do some sort of an investigation. Let's assume for the sake of argument, the investigation comes back and says we notice these procedures, these policies that need to be changed in the Youngsville Police Department, where the fact remains, if you go to the Lawerson Act, you as a council have no authority to change any of the rules, policies, and procedures in an elected chief of police department in in Rick's department, whatever those recommendations are. So my concern is we're expanding public funds for an investigation and the council is directing the mayor to take action that he's not authorized to do under the Lawerson Act. The Lawerson Act, as Simone knows, Lawerson Act was passed by the legislature. It's controlling. You can't circumvent it, you can't grant additional powers to the mayor. Everything is controlled by this Lawerson Act. And I think it's clear that the mayor has the authority to supervise and direct the public worst department, any of the departments that are under the umbrella of the City of Youngsville. But it specifically says Mr. Knox, the time's up unfortunately. Okay, well, again, my question would be prior to taking any action and voting on any action, I would strongly get a strong legal opinion from way with legal support pointing to specific provisions in the Lawerson Act, which authorize you to take this position and start this investigation, because you're going to be expanding public funds to, I don't know what kind of law firms review policies, but you're going to be expanding public funds. And prior to making that investment for law firms to look into all those things, I would make sure that you have you have the right out of the Lawerson Act. Thank you, sir. All right, James Anthony. All right, and Deborah Duga. All right, is there anyone else that's wishing to address the City Council this evening? Mr. Lantery? Thank you, George. Guys, I just want to know which who is throwing the stone, or this either you, any of you guys, who's throwing the stone? Why are we throwing the stone? What has Ricky done other than good for this community? Has he done anything good for this community? Absolutely. Sure he has. Absolutely for everybody. And yeah, we're going to spend our money to investigate the guys has been so good. We want to write stories about something. What we write about the good stuff he's done. And poor Kaelin, she made a mistake. No, no, it was make mistakes. Do it? Have any of you guys ever made a mistake? Did you did something that you regret? I think we all have shame on that. We don't need to investigate. Miss Homme, would you like to address the Council? I never do this, but we're not talking about what Miss Reo or Mr. Boudreau has done for this city. I've never had a problem with either one of them. I think he's great, but we're not talking about that. We're talking about this situation where she was pulled over and she's clearly in my opinion, and the majority opinion intoxicated. She's drunk. Yes, no, possibly she was. And for her to be able to not get out of her car and give this lady respect that she hit her car, if I hit somebody, I'm getting out. Now I'm saying, oh my god, I'm so sorry. She did not get out of the car and said she calls the chief. Okay, I don't have the chief on speed dial. I've gotten a $300 ticket before for not and not even causing $20,000 worth of damage. We're not talking about the big picture. We're talking about what is going on behind the scenes. We just found out about this and happened in November. You know, like we have a victim here and we're so worried about what all the great things they've done. Great. I'm proud of them. They have to be held accountable. You know, and I'm sorry, you didn't tell his people how to handle it, but I'm sure like let me introduce you to Miss Reo. Like we're kind of hinting, it's my people, you know, let's, let's cover it up. I don't want to have the same respect. If that's going to be how, you know, accidents or tickets are going to be handled, I'm going to need his phone number. All right, thank you, Miss Home. John Romero. All right, since a lot of y'all, kid not hear us, I'm going to make sure. So some of y'all know me, some of y'all don't. I don't really care. My grandfather had wanted a first grocery store here in Youngstville. His name was Wallace La Blonde. Some of you guys right there played cards with Wallace. That is how I said to grocery store wherever. We used to hunt the property that we're in right now. Killing rabbits and everything else. I've watched the town come up from those days. I was a little kid. It's grown a lot with whatever. We want to continue to see it grow. We want to continue to see it policed. We want to continue to see a council. Do what it has to do to keep everyone safe. Ricky and to keep the city growing. Some rungs were made. We all admit that we've all done wrong. Pell, y'all know me. I've done a lot of wrong. Yaks for forgiveness. You move on. I understand an investigation. I understand the council. I understand everything. You've got a lot of public people against you right now. The whole nine yards. Understand it. For those of y'all who are sitting here behind me saying that there was special favoritism or whatever the case may be. The fact that a matter is we've all had it. Here. Y'all can say what y'all want. I'm not saying everyone. We've all had some. Okay. But at the same time, I'm talking. You want to get up here and talk? You get up here and talk. Okay. But the victim is here tonight. I met her earlier. I feel sorry for her and what she's having to go through. And all I really feel really, really bad for you. Nobody's acknowledged you, but I'm acknowledged you. Don't cry. I do feel my heart goes out to you. Who would you go in through? So if y'all want to judge me for saying what I'm saying, you know, y'all go ahead. That's fine. I don't care about the comments. Mostly y'all know me. I really don't care. But your heart should go out for her that's having the suffer for that. In the council, y'all see me tearing up and I don't cry. Okay. Everyone needs to be held accountable. And the right thing needs to be done. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Anyone else who's in touch with the City Council this evening? You're welcome to come up, Mr. Savile. This is for the City of Turn. Is that you? Well, the question should be to the council. Okay. The question is this when he was speaking to this gentleman, right over here somewhere, you know, he mentioned that this investigation, that tells me that it's already started. That's skin-cray. No, that's where I would read it. The terminology, English language. Then that's on me and that's my error. So you're the City Attorney and you hold yourself that way and you made a mistake and you did it in front of the everybody. If you want to identify as a mistake, that's fine, but there's a good thing. What was it? They're here tonight to decide whether there will be an investigation. That's not what you said. Well, that's what I intended to say. That is not what you said. And you're our attorney, right? Mr. Savile, you've made your points. Oh, I'm so I made my point. I think you did. I hope so. Let me find out if there's anyone that else that likes to come back to you, would anyone else that has not addressed the council like to address the City Council this evening? Yes, ma'am, if you wouldn't mind coming. And since I don't have a speaker card for you, if you wouldn't mind identifying yourself. My name is Dene Broussard. I have been living in Young'sville for six years now. I'm moved from home. I absolutely love this town. I think that you're doing an amazing job. I do. I really do. I think I, in order to prevent corruption, stop corruption. The people like we're doing now needs to have a voice and don't need to listen because I'm sorry, but that's corruption. I don't have your phone number like she said. If you want it to be fair, put your phone number out there. So I can call you and I'm drunk and I hit a parked car. And then I can take your personal vehicle home too. So absolutely ridiculous. It's not fair. Y'all are elected officials. Everybody needs to say I made plenty. I'm not held to that same standard. I don't put myself up there as an elected official to do that. Y'all do different standards. Period. Thank you. Yes, sir. Keith Landry is my name is Keith Landry. I'm a resident in Sugar Mill Pond. I know Ricky. I've been around. He does a lot for us. Yeah, we're a very active community. I'm new here about two years now. Well, this is a black eye. And it's a black eye because it never should have got to this. Okay. Feel sorry that one of our residents sounded sleep at night. Now has a car that's almost total. We wouldn't even notify about it. Our security guard apparently must have walked up. And I didn't like the comments that were made about the security guard. They always sticking their nose and business. Well, that's what we pay him for. Okay. Now you're right. People make mistakes. But when you make a mistake, you stand up for it. And you take the consequences of the mistake. You don't hide for three months. Okay. Now, if an investigation is necessary, which I feel it is, yeah, when things hit the news, it's beyond a lot of field. And I really like everybody. So we don't we don't need to do this. Okay. It needs to be aired. It needs to be corrected so that it doesn't happen again. That could have been my house. That could have been my truck getting run into. Okay. We don't need that. This is a wonderful community. Love it here. Now, I'm one of those ones. Matter of fact, my wife, my wife's uncle was mayor. Mayor Denias. Okay. She wanted to come back home. And that's why we're here. So, yeah, I'll support whatever you'll do. Thank you, Mr. Andrew. Thank you. I'm sure you're talking about that. Anyone else switching to address the council? Yes, ma'am. And, ma'am, I'm sorry, I don't have your name either. So if you would mind identifying yourself. My name is Gertrude Johnson. My son was killed on January 7th. It's under investigation. So all I must say is toxicologies need to be done in this city. And for nothing is hidden, that will not be made to manifest. Nor is anything secret that will not be made to come to light. Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Johnson. Can you anyone else? Sir, I think I owe you the ability to finish your time. Gentlemen and ladies. There was one person that spoke, he said he was a former city attorney. Yes. He raised some points. He raised some points that have to be addressed. And, you know, I know we're not in a given take right now, but it would be who of us all to hear what the city current city attorney has to say with regard to the authority that the mayor is going to have, even if this investigation comes back and says, fire somebody. Can the mayor interact? So perhaps not. Thank you, Ms. Haynes. If there's no other public comment, I'll open it up for council comments. I believe the chief will also have something. So I'll rest at the discretion of the council to tell Woodrow. Would you like to address the council? Mayor, thank you for this opportunity. I'm sorry. Mayor, I thank you for this opportunity. I've been asked by this council to take a voluntary leave of absence. My answer to that is I respectfully deny that request as I am duly elected chief by the citizen of this city, not to you the council. I welcome any investigation and will cooperate 100%. I hope it comes from an outside agency, whether it be law firm, a law enforcement agency, and I give my word to the citizens of Youngville that I will cooperate fully while still performing my duties as your elected chief of police. You as the council have shown that you are not a group that can be trusted. You gave your counterpart, Ms. Reo, your word. Is she produced her medical documents that resulted in the head trauma she received from the night of the crash? That you would all be side of side and stand behind her and support her through this process. She did just that. You all lie to her face and cave them to political pressure and turn your backs on her still asking for her resignation. You have all made the assumption that she was given special privileges that night and the video clearly shows that did not happen. You sit up here once a month, collected some of you as classified mailbox money, and have been spoon fed your ordinances by the mayor and his staff and not one of you have even attempted to draft one single ordinance, which I will remind you is your job not the mayors. The mayor and his staff have done all the work. As you well know, as you well should know, as a council, you do not have the authority to remove me from office. The voters do not elect them as their chief of police and only they can remove me from office. How dare you sit up on that podium and judge councilman Rayo and accuser of the perception of receiving special treatment? One thing you the public need to know, I have received text messages from each and everyone sitting up there asking for special privileges for your family members and special friends. I show you as evidence the text message I received from councilman Bojiano on March 2nd, 2023. I don't ever ask you to fix tickets anymore, but this is a good friend who's been helping his wife, I will not were named, with her business and also with her medical needs. She's a nurse at LGMC. If you could please take care of this one, I'd really appreciate it. Furthermore, councilman Bojiano, it saddens me to learn that you and your wife decided to assist a small group of disloyal, disloyal, disgrunted, self-serving employees in facilitating these false allegations against me. Your wife was part of an criminal investigation into the stealing of video evidence from the city's police department. Out of respect for you, your family and the reputation of this city, I made the decision to handle this administratively instead of criminally and was going to be satisfied with investigating only the person that copied the video evidence and perpetrated this and be happy with terminating him on a severe policy violation that is not the case anymore. You persisted in aiding and abetting these disloyal employees with disrupting the day-to-day operations of this department. I ask that you immediately resign your position with this city council and the Youngsville Fire Department as you have now damaged the great working relationship between the fire and police departments that cheap prevent and I worked so hard to build. How dare you for sit up there and some of you naysayers sitting out in all these past judgment on a woman that admits she made a mistake by assuming she could drive home exhausted, not impaired and I said exhausted and loud herself to be distracted and had a traffic accident. How do I come to that conclusion? Well, I'll have you know I am sfst certified and entrained to no signs of impairment. She was not impaired. I'll repeat again she was exhausted not impaired. It is called an accident for a reason. It's simply that an accident. She made a human error like each and every one of us all sitting in this room have made in our lifetimes. She has apologized for her misjudgment and her actions that night. And for those of you that know Miss Rale know that her actions at night were completely out of character for her as she comes from a law enforcement family and has always respected the law enforcement community. It clearly shows she sustained some sort of head trauma. She didn't allow the attempt to bribe anyone as the article in the advocate would mislead you to believe she offered an apology card and a simple $10 CC gift card which I remind you is well below the amount that is allowed to be given and accepted. She gave this as an apology only and only as an apology and not a bribe. The article would also have you believe that they refuse the cards and I intervened and forced them to take the cards. That is a blatant lie. They were told to do what they wished with the card but she only did this as an apology not a bribe. Now I would like to bring attention to actions of the four council members minus the attendance of councilman Shampon. On this past Tuesday evening where each of you clearly violated the state's sunshine law by all of you meeting together with the mayor and discussing city business specifically this matter in private and not in an open meeting which the law clearly states. I think an investigation is warranted for the police department then it is certainly warranted with a clear violation by all of you of the state's open meetings sunshine law for your actions on that night as all of you try to sit there in judgment of me and councilman Rale and have insisted on her resignation and not to my face but sneaking behind my back have stated behind closed doors you all will not be satisfied until you get my resignation. I say good luck that will not happen. I did nothing wrong criminally morally or ethically and I say to you to you loudly and proudly I refuse to resign and remind you again you do not have the power to make that decision. Miss Megan why you have shown that you are a trash reporter on numerous occasions but for you to even have to to a new low when you choose to bring my son. No I'm not going to stop. I'm going to stop. I'm gone. Address the article that does not need to be. All right. That does not need to be person. For the article the stoop is low as you true true choose to bring my son as well as family members of Miss Rale and to this how dare you subject them to the nonstop harassment that myself and Miss Rale have received. You should be leave here and shame but you won't enjoy but you won't. You enjoy inflicting damage to hardworking families. They they didn't deserve this. My son is his own man and walks his own path in life. Your trash. The only decision making power you the council have is on the budget of this department in my salary. If you vote down my budget poses you are not hurting me but instead are jeopardizing the safety of very citizen of this community. As far as the salary issue you the council has severely underpaid to marry myself since the beginning and I've expected no less. We both have employees that make more than both of us. I've worked hard with my team to build this department up to today's standards and make this city the second safest city in the state. I did not do this alone. The dedicated law people of this department and myself have all worked together tirelessly to accomplish this task. I will be damned if I allow you to tear down what we have built without a fight. With that said I will give you all much more respect than any of you have given me by saying what I have to say to your faces to each and every one of you. Good luck removing me from office. It will be the voters that make that decision by either a recall or an election. When I leave the office it will be on my own terms certainly not any of yours. Good luck. Any additional public comment. Yes sir. It's everything. I'm going to start with you. I'm Michael Landry. How you doing? I'm just going to say I moved here about 25 years ago and when Ricky ran for office I didn't vote for one. But I see the changes that he made and I know for a fact that he's helped a lot of people up here in this council and a lot of you on this council have, how do you say it, skeletons in your closet too. Okay so where do we go from here? The city is being run by a businessman. I can give him credit for that. But when you're going to come here and judge one man for one action and try to make him the scapegoat here. I don't know if you're going to get the backing of everybody in this town. Moving forward I can see some things should have been done different with that situation. As I can see with some of the intentions of some of the council members up here right on the side of me because I've heard them all speak. I have respect for them for having the balls to run and get up there and do what they're doing. But you're not going to come here and down great one councilman that wanted to be up there all her life because she comes from a family like that and then allow the rest of them to be up here with different intentions. I even heard one of them say I ain't got with a couple more years and I can retire on this. What the shit? You came on here to get a retirement. So anyway if you're going to get the FBI to come in here and investigate who trusts the FBI? Who in the hell is going to trust the FBI nowadays? Who's going to trust anything with the state? So I think wrongdoing was done. I don't know the politics of it that's going on right now but I just came in here to support him and I don't think he's totally right but I don't think everyone up there is either. So whoever's going to point they got three or four fingers pointing back at them as my little say. Thank you sir. How are you doing? All right so listen my name is Marcello Jhonor. I live right down the road down the on Boone and Roo. I think the thing that really got to me was like I used to be in law enforcement so it really aggravated me. So in coming from being in law enforcement and being black at that time of the night she hit a punk vehicle. What if there was anybody else on the road? You know what I'm saying? She could have took a life right? I don't think nobody's really even exactly like caring too much about that and the simple fact of that hey I'm going to call the chief of police like he don't come down here and he's like well we're going to sing this damn song and you know I'm going to stop the investigation because it's supposed to be officer discretion but come on man like the chief come down we know what time it is like it's going to be going to decide you know what I'm saying it don't matter you know and it's just it's disrespect to the ones that actually do the job the ones that care you know what I'm saying so think about that you know what I'm saying and it's like I just I just don't get it you know like people like I don't think nobody's really taking this serious enough man you know and I don't know chief you know chief Bull Joe I never really ran into him but it's like like you put this badge on you know what I'm saying and you you're supposed to represent something and just excuse a bot oh I got a head injury like you just came from his man's house like not only that you know like you hear the parkour you coming from his house like who's the saying he didn't show up drunk so it's like like what's going on man like it's just it's just a joke to me it's a joke because there's no way I would have done you know like you know I would have got officer discretion under the floor on the ground with cuss or feel so what's the feel so broady test you know it's just it's just it's really it's really upsetting man that's just you know like I say just it's upsetting you know like I don't want the man to you know to read to I wasn't I ain't gonna say get fired but man somebody's got to take some kind you know you know they're kind of really for something man you know like and I know she resigned and good on her for that but geez bro like as good as you know everybody worked to say make this this city what it is like this is a black eyebrow like for real you know so that's just get it right thank you thank you yeah councilman bulgeon i just have two things i want to first sort off of i think in all of you to come out here tonight it takes a lot of courage to make public comment whether it's it's pro or con whether what it's about so we thank all of you for coming here we served we serve for you foremost that's why we're here um and the decisions we make is what comes from y'all that's what we're up here the second comment is about Kayla um I don't I don't condone her behavior um and the things that were said and how she presented herself she does need to hold herself to a higher standard when you're in this position uh but Kayla is a dear friend and i don't uh i'm not ashamed to be her friend and it wasn't ashamed to be her colleague uh Kayla's a phenomenal mom a friend a sister and a colleague up here and the decisions that she made by holding herself accountable of those decisions uh i'm proud of her for that um that that should be um should be said um and i i guess i'll make lastly with the mayor said uh no one in the stream is greater than anyone else and we all make mistakes is how we're gonna um how we're gonna come out of those mistakes and i think the death threats and hate mail on someone's mental status is enough to bear on their own um and going through this is enough for all of us but again i think that you're all uh thank you for all being here tonight and i hope that you uh continue to have faith and trust in us and to do the right thing thank you all all right thank you all i think councilman or mara some comments yeah i just said probably two comments uh i do want to thank you all for taking the time out of your evening whether you're opposed to the situation whether you're for the situation or indifferent about it uh we don't take it lightly by your comments good bad however they are uh we pride ourselves as a group when we leave this building we leave whatever is there in the building um i think the situation that was a hand with miss reo and the chief hate that for my former colleague i did not want to see a resign but i do think she did the right decision based on her family and herself i do think that she buddrow has done a lot of good for this city but as leaders the six of us councilmembers the mayor plus the chief need to hold ourselves to a much higher standard you elected us to sit up here and to be in the community and be your leadership and if we can't hold ourselves and if the mayor and the chief can't hold their staffs accountable then there's trouble that is what this is about this isn't about one incident this is about what we are hearing the concerns whether they're whispers whether they're serious whether it's factual that is what we intend to find out thank you again for being here tonight thank you so much thank you i ask you to those that have my number and there's not a select few my number is I put that out there everywhere. And if you don't have my number, my number is 337-278-7959. If you call, I'll respond. Whether it be an emergency situation, advice, or if you need any kind of help, I will respond. I always have, I always will. If I don't answer your call when it comes, give me five minutes, because it's probably because I'm on the phone with someone else, and I will immediately call you back. There are times where I get busy, and I may not be afforded. The opportunity to call you back, but a lot of times I like to scan through my stuff a second time and be able to reach out to those. I did not go there that night, and I understand it could have been handled better. I did not go there that night to put in the influence. A friend left my house, a friend got an accident, and a friend called for help. I responded for that call for help. I think you can find anyone that has my number that has ever called me where I have not responded. Probably to my bad, I respond to a lot of things that I shouldn't, a lot of things that I shouldn't, but I prided myself on being reachable, accessible, and always being there when somebody needs help at any time day or night. My job does not stop when I walk out that office. My job goes 24 hours a day, seven days a week. There was no alcohol that night. There was nothing else that night. She spent maybe a total of 10 minutes at my house, maybe 15, I didn't really look at the watch. I never thought I would have to look at that watch. I had no idea she was gonna get into an accident. I had my family and my three dogs in the car. She could think I was gone there to give special favors. No, I was going to find something to eat. I don't get many chances to eat. I ask anybody that feels they can do this job better or they can do it as good. I'm not saying I'm the best, and every day I learn something new, not only about myself, but about law enforcement on through. I learn every day. I make mistakes like every person above. Every one of us have made a mistake. If you feel I did wrong, I apologize. I did not go there with the intentions. And the video clearly shows I barely spoke to the officers. I barely said 15 words through the whole video. And when Kayla was acting out of character, I was the one that told her to stop. I stood up for her. Ma'am, I apologize to you. I did walk up to talk to you, and then I did not get the opportunity. I got sidetracked, but all intentions were to speak to you. And I knew you were trying to get back to Texas. I was gonna even offer you a ride because that was gonna give me a chance to go visit my family over there that I don't ever get to see, because I've tried to take days off here. And I don't get many. It was a simple mistake on her part in an accident. It was probably a bad judgment call on mine to respond, but I respond to anything and anytime somebody calls. And you say you learn from your mistakes. I truly don't feel that that's a mistake for doing that. Maybe it gave a bad impression, and I'll accept that. But I'm not gonna stop. That's what's got me elected is because I will respond, and I will be there in your time of need. If you choose not to believe that, ask some of the people around you that have had interactions with me. Thank you. I do have a question, Mr. Wade. Mr. Wade, there was brought up about the, um, the gallery of this motion and this action. Can you speak to that, please? Yeah, I can. The Lawson Act allows for two forms of chiefs elected and appointed. We have obviously an elected chief. The Council in the mayor cannot exercise any supervisor reauthority over the operations of the police department. That's clear in the Lawson Act. This is not in any way an action on the part of this council in my opinion that impedes in affairs or inhibits or directs the mayor in how to run or operate that police department. So it is my opinion that this council can, and I will double check that just in short, because Mr. Knox brings up a good point. We're about to spend a lot of money on this. That we are on all. Didn't Bruce or did this? Bruce or did he have that? That's an awful same thing. Not that long ago. Okay. So basically we're doing the same thing that Bruce or did. Okay, that's good. Thank you. Want this required? I do. I 100% am ready for them to come in and do their investigation. What chief, I mean, this was about what a lot of these residents had talked about. I mean, some are here, some are not here. We've gotten more calls than ever. In almost what, eight and a half years. And we felt like this was the good step. And look, to clear you, this is an opportunity to clear what's going on. You come back, hey, nothing's wrong. We're all good. We move forward. This wasn't a witch hunt. This was to regain the confidence of our citizens. We needed to do this. I believe we need to do this because we haven't voted yet. I believe we need to do this. They deserve it. The rest of our citizens citizens that are not here deserve it. It's not, it's not personal. Well, it's very hard to believe that because behind closed doors, it was said that this council would not be satisfied with just Miss Rales resignation. That's incorrect. Incorrect here too. I never said that. But I never said that. One did. And it was overheard. And with that, I told you, I thought it was in your best interest to resign Ricky. But so we're clear of the room. Well, you know what? You've made the same kind of mistake as she did. And so you should resign. How about that? Lindy. Sure. I just want to make it on public record that everyone knows that he is publicly intimidating a public official. Clear his day. I'm not doing this to chastise, to crucify the chief of police at the city of Youngsville. We're doing this because it's the right thing to do. When people bring things to our attention and they are of utmost necessity to be looked into, it's not my job to dictate whether he is in the wrong or the right. It's my job to bring it to light and to have it investigated at the most of the best ability of who could be put in that position. I'm not, I'm not going digging through the PD and chief's business. That's for someone else to do. It's my job to bring it to light an hour job. But if you continue to public intend and make me breaking, that's a legal problem when you're own, not mine. Mayor. Can I speak? Mayor. Can I speak? Miss Sean Hines. Thank you. Well, first of all, I'd like to thank everyone in this room for coming out tonight. I'd also like to thank the hundreds of people that email, just call, just text us at our here tonight that maybe watching online and streaming. This is what helps democracy. This is what drives good policy. We are up here because you elected us to be up here to make these decisions. You can't be weak to be up here. You have to be strong. You have to be brave. You have to be able to sit back and listen to attacks and public intimidation. And still move forward and do what's in the best interest of you, the public. That's what we're doing here tonight. I'm glad to hear that Chief Woodrow welcomes an investigation. I'm really glad to hear that. He is, he is right. He goes out to a lot of accidents. Whether he's asked to a night, he does do that. I want to speak on Councilwoman Rale who I love dearly. I love her entire family. I was so excited when Councilwoman Rale, Councilwoman Rale was a council, a voted to be a council member. I believe that it is very hard on her right now. And I would hope that everyone here and listening, thanks her for what she did and thanks her for her bravery. It took a lot of courage to take what she has been taking this last week and still come out of it and do what I feel is the right thing. It was the right thing for her family and it was the right thing for this city of Youngsville to be able to regain some public trust. So I appreciate her deeply and she has been so dedicated to this entire community all her life. She was born and raised here. I cannot compliment her enough. So hopefully when you see her or please give her a good nod on her Facebook page or a text message and tell her thank you and that you're proud of her and look forward to see where she's going to go from here. It's a very unfortunate situation incident that happened. I don't condone what she did, but I don't pass judgment on anyone. We have someone that can do that for us and he's up above. I've been here and I've been in not in this row only since January, but I've been in situations before in government entities where we had to do the right thing. And issuing a best investigation, no matter what came out of it. Hopefully everything is fine. Wouldn't that be awesome? And no one should be afraid of that. Yes, everyone in this room, probably everyone on this console, every person, even not inside the city of Youngsville has at one point in time asked for help. I'm not going to call it a favor has asked for help. We as elected officials are here to help the community within the confines of the law. And we should all know that. That's what I stand for. That's what I will do. And I've always done it. I will continue to do it. Whether I get ridiculed, attacked or whatever. We don't come here to get thanked. I can tell you that's not what we want. But we do listen and that is our job. That's what this is. This is a job. It's not a privilege. None of us are privileged people. We're just like everyone else in this room. We go home to our families in the afternoon. We hug our kids. I'm the oldest one up here. So I hug my grandkids. I enjoy the company of our colleagues and our neighbors and our friends. That's who we are. We're a tight knit community that loves everyone. That's how it should be. But we are here tonight to do our job and make no mistake. We will do our job. No matter what. I feel we have heard y'all loud and clear. I am ready to make a vote unless anyone else has anything to say. Or did other comments? Yes, yes, sir. If I see my little upset, if I see my little angry, I will say this. Just like this rail. I have received the same threats. So much of the fact that I'm raising three children on my own. And I had to send them to another location to spend the night because I did not feel that it was safe for them. Any of those that have called and made that threat. I still stay at my house. I say come. Please. Because anybody that stoops to that level and becomes a keyboard coward won't have the guts to come do it like they do. So yes, I'm very angry. And I've worked hard to build. Not only the department, but my life and my reputation. And I will not sit down and take it. I will fight to the bitter end. All right, thank you, Chief. There is before before we call for the vote, I just want to make one clarification on the existing resolution on the last line. There's a reference to the word independent. I'm sorry, internal. That's a type of based on the council's direction. This will be in when I want to clarify for you guys, this will be a independent investigation that I will assist in facilitating. I won't be participating in the internal investigation internal internal. I think is directing or is referencing internal of the police department internal of the police department, but independent. So it's not I'm not going to be the one conducting it. I will assist your request to help facilitate. All right, thank you. Council, any final questions? Mayor, we'd like to call the vote. All right, Mr. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. The Shelf High. Yes. Motion approved. All right, motion to adjourn. Motion to adjourn. All right, second. All in favor. Hi. Meeting adjourn. Thank you all. Thank you.