vacation. It's the amount of hours that equate to the days that they want. In other words, like I said, let's go back. Patrolman is a 12 hour employee. Yeah. Gets 15 days. Yeah. 180 hours. We had one where we had employees swap. He went from patrol to patrol. Yeah. So that's why we just went 180 across the board. It's not about really incentive for vacation. It's the amount of hours that equate to the days that they want. In other words, like I said, let's go back. Patrolman is a 12 hour employee. Yeah. So that's why we had employees swap. He went from patrol to detectives. Now he is an eight hour employee who everything's changed. Now we have to recalculate his hours because he actually has less vacation hours now. So we just did it 180 across the board. That way it's the same. And it's not a it's not a change if they change positions. So would this be classified for an hour person that's post certified or eight hour person in general. Say that again. Would this be classified for an eight hour employee in general or an eight hour employee that's post certified. It's an officer like an detective who's person who is post certified. You classify into that or since pretend to an eight hour employee in general across the board. This was a eight hour employee across the board. Right. It's like a secretary. We get the same hours of vacation that someone who works shift work does. Right. Right. I call Bruce or Karen Crow Scott and do so on. And none of them of the admin secretaries and any positions within office. Registered of that. Like none of them. Everybody who in that position would get the same center two weeks vacation like everybody else. So similar to the fire chief or his secretary here. They get the two weeks vacation and then you get a lot of so many extra hours after that. I was just curious because I called around because I've never. I've never seen that. But also after doing some research it seems like the state law and the civil service law conflict each other. So it seems like even if state law says something civil service law. With our civil service work and this could come in and make up their own law and do whatever they want, which is kind of conflicting for us as a city council. So I'm just trying to. Understand this a little bit better. Sorry. Or are you mind coming up. For those who don't know, Lori is the head of our civil service. Or secretary of college. I did not know I messed that up. Are you doing good? Thank you. I did talk to one of the other members who's not here tonight. He wasn't in the air. Mr. Held. I guess I wanted to clarify what the intent of the three person board was.