he does take into account all the off site drainage that's coming into his property. If that ditch it's right at the boundary line. So he'll need to show that that ditch and if it is you know like on his side then that will have to be picked up. And by your parkpad you is where the ditch starts and it was put there to drain their property not mine I didn't need it. You know we didn't live on the property we didn't even know what happened to that fact. Right. Yes and so what happened to the ditch is that it wasn't dug all the way on the property it started on the property line but it ended up all on my property by 10 feet. I'm a covered ditch me I don't need it. So you know I wanted to be fixed to where I don't have a ditch 10 feet from the end of my property I wanted on the property line. Okay yeah you see what I'm saying? Yeah right. Yes so they will do their existing site topo and whether or not allow to do his impact in the adjacent properties and so they'll show all the contours adjacent and what's coming to them they'll have to pick up. Okay and will I be notified of this somehow? But if they have to enter your property I think that's would be a reasonable expectation. Okay. All right. It's about concerns. Yeah. Well we appreciate the feedback. This is at this stage it's really since it's just for preliminary design. I mean the developers put a lot of time into conceptually amenity packages things like that. Usually at this stage there's not a significant amount of drainage design or study because they want to ensure that they know what they're designing. So preliminary approval then that'll trigger the owner to have their design team do a layout that that has to be approved by the city. Yes sir. Okay. So your concerns will be factored in to to that review. Okay so thank you. Thank you Mr. Motone appreciate the feedback. Any other public comment related to Rosewell yes sir Mr. Trayon. I would like to see his image of what he's what he just said is that you said there's going to be another token map that your engineer is going to do. I'm sorry. You said as an engineer is going to be putting a map for the drainage along his out of his property. So they pull up the the topo of all the existing topography and the engineer will show with the drainage maps of the drainage areas of like how the property is draining. And so if there is any property that's currently draining on it on them they have to pick up that water and and route it through their drainage. So they're going to take it from the rigid token in the section lines of the plant