and said, hey, we have it. This is our plan. This is what we're doing. But that's not the feedback or the information that I was that I was being given, you know, at the time. So plenty of look, everything that we do, we learn from it. We want to, we want to continue to improve. Continuous improvement is our mantra. And I think there are things that we can learn from. I mean, there were three things we did. We limited the number of floats because I think everyone agreed that, that, you know, when you're basically like locked in place for, you know, more than three hours, it creates gridlock and it just encourages. That, that's not beneficial to our businesses. The business owners that I talked to, the days of the after party at hooked up, a Katie and a bar and grow more vans. When I met with those owners, I was very surprised to hear what their margins were on those days because everyone is, I guess, you know, bringing their own stuff. And by the time the end of the parade comes, you're just ready to go. So our belief was if we have a shorter parade and can get traffic management, right, then you're free to move about the city a little bit quicker. And I do think that we made great strides in regards to that. The increase of the permit fees, I think was money well invested because we had to pay our first responders and we had to pay for the cleanup and it was all used for that purpose. And then the route change. Look, you know, I've lived, I moved here in 2006 and this is probably the fourth route change that's been since 2006. But in fairness to church street, the parade always went down church street. You know, we started at public works, you know, one year. It used to incorporate more of young so highway. It used to incorporate copper meadows. It used to be on fountain view. And I think the time that there was a change made, it was because of growth and how do you scale and how do you do it safely. Because if you talk to people that have been, you know, since the original, like, you know, we have the. Crew days on me, president here with us. I mean, so. So I know the historical context. I mean, we weren't dealing with, you know, 40 foot trailers, you know, back in those original days. We were dealing with a smaller group of people in vehicles, you know, I mean, it was just completely, it was a completely different experience. So I guess the challenge for us as a community is how do we preserve those traditions in a respectful manner, while still doing it safely. And I think that's the challenge. That's the challenge that we have to do every day, you know, with us and young.