he did guarantee that we'd be providing three units for surplus. And if possible, we can phase these vehicles, maybe I would suggest maybe every 90 days. One vehicle every 90 days because and then, you know, obviously, tax revenue increased by the year, thanks could change, but I think that would be very prudent on the department to slowly roll those out. Is that possible? Is that okay? Can we add that amendment or? It's open for discussion. So I do have a question. Chief, the units, is it more beneficial to get them all at once versus space in a moment just because of availability? And then then begin to the queue wants to get graphics like spate because they're going to we don't know what, you know, other agencies are going to have the flow in. Is it going to take more time later on if 90 days from now we get a unit it may take six months versus two months, you know, it's almost impossible to tell with the way we're flowing it out right now. We were lucky last week, we were able to get them immediately. The benefit that we have to be full disclosure is that we use black vehicles which have tendency to be a little egetified. So we should be able to get them. What about the current status of the vehicles of these replacing the vehicles now that are and disrepair? These were actually correct and these were actually secondhand vehicles whenever we purchased them. Okay. So just keeping the rotation rolling vehicles to make sure that we're not purchasing a whole bunch of vehicles that wants it and they're all going out of service at the same time in a few years. So just keep our fleet rolling consistently. Okay. I mean, I mean, and your personal opinion, do you think you'll give it a last 90 days of time to make it the last that long? I think it's just get them all at once. I mean, I think we should be fine. Okay. So, I think we should be able to get them in an issue. For the new, within this budget, you have a new position for an SRO that assumes going to be starting at August. That's correct for ARCA. With that. With requesting the new school resource. How is that going to work with that position? As far as having a vehicle. Oh, having a vehicle. We will add it within this and that'll be we have the extra vehicle now to put them in and we'll just rotate the other ones out to fleet. Okay. So we should be good with that one. Thank you. So Councilman Romero had a had a, I don't know if you were offering that as an amendment. An amendment to the motion. I guess. Okay. So we have a motion second. I mean, that's the right way to do it. And then we'll vote on it