as we have grown in populations. So I don't think I don't think we can nor would we dispute 15 days, you know, for that. You know, and I think the way it's been and I think the way it still is is that it's tiered, you know, after that it's six years. You have an incentive as you work more out as you have a greater tenure. I think that's great. I think the concern that I've just heard individually from my colleagues on the council is that we either need to figure out a different way to keep track of occasion time within our system. Because there are examples of where, you know, someone becomes unavailable to fill in at a school and someone's coming off of patrol. It's a it's a very at times fluid situation. So there has to be something that's fair to the associates when they are moving back. I mean, perhaps there's a system within Tyler where where it could be the vacation. You aren't so many hours per hour's worked, but it would be not less than a total of the equivalent of what 15 days would be. So, you know, I don't know. I don't know the system. I do know that it's a frequent conversation within the office when someone's fluctuating between patrol and eight hours. I think I think the issue here in part is the fact that the majority of the department is working eight hour eight hour shifts now. So I think that's what brought the concern not necessarily or not entirely the difference between administrative. We're referring to administrative because that's how it's set up in the previous rules that just kind of got carried over. I think the concern that I heard was more of its majority of the department's eight hours. So why does that matter? The only reason it would really matter would be if someone really, you know, departs the department and there's a payout and you're getting paid out the equivalent of 12 hour, 12 hours days when you may have not really worked that. So state, state examiner office. I mean, they are there is a tool. I think they recognize that it's, you know, the rules of civil service boards are do you have the effect of, do you have the effect of law? I mean, ideally they're they're worked in conjunction with the governing board that's doing the budget to work hand in hand to some extent, you know, recognizing the position that they have and they are looking out for, you know, their, their task with civil service board does have a lot of a lot of responsibilities and a lot of, you know, a lot with it. Brought them to that point was and if you just leave out secretaries and records clerk and just keep them at what they are, I think it was just a huge morale decline whenever you you may not want