Oh yeah. I'm not getting that. I'm not going to go. Oh, who is he? He's so good. All right, good evening everybody. Good evening, business meet you guys. Thursday, July 11th. At tonight we have one preliminary plat for review. So that's a gen item 2.1, request for preliminary plat approval for the resubdivision of track 3a1, which is the estate of Mr. and Mrs. George, Gerard creating tracks 3a1a and 3a1b located in section 15, T11S, R5E. Council members in your packet this evening, you have a letter from the city's review. And I'd like to turn it over to Pam, and she'll cover the specifics about it for you this evening. So Pam, floor is yours, ma'am. It's. Yummy. All right, thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Council. Okay, for this one, as you have in your letter, we recommend the city approved this preliminary plat, but I just wanted to kind of, just so that it doesn't confuse you, you have seen parcels in this area before, and the previous plat of the plat I think you may have. And out there in the area as you're going towards, um, lettrium, you'll see in past, all the naster and all those areas, there was like a large estate, and several people have bought over time. The problem is as they've bought, when after the first development that we had, after that, if you recall, for some of you, we had Mr. Hadoogos, a development on Deacon Road. And the problem we have is, if we keep dividing property, a lot of times people want to do the large lots and divide them, but then we have issues associated when people buy the property of not, of pushing back on the drainage requirements, even though it's on the plat, pushing back on that. And as you know, when they do this, and they do the large plat, nobody wants to bring water, nobody wants to bring sewer, whatever. Well, over time, if those people keep dividing and dividing and dividing, go look at how many houses you have out there, and yet no water, no sewers been brought out. Many of them have tried to submit, and they try to call it a boundary line adjustment. And I just want to make sure, so if people ever call in, if you have a boundary line adjustment, if you have two lots, and you're going to combine it to one, now you're adjusting the boundary. If you have two lots, and you're moving one of the boundaries in between, that's a boundary line adjustment. If you've got one lot, and you're divided it into two pieces or more, that is a subdivision of property, and by our code, that's a development. You know, this particular property was one, they did a boundary line adjustment several years ago, saying it was just a boundary line adjustment. It was a division of property. There, the surveyer submitted the remaining portion, and