Why is that down? It was like, we got a presentation tonight? All right, good evening everyone. Welcome to Youngsville City Hall. We're happy to see all of you here this evening. Today is Thursday, May 11th, and this is the regular monthly meeting of the Youngsville City Council. For our invocation this evening, I'd like to welcome to the podium Pastor John Cannon from Asbury United Methodist Church. And I'd ask you to remain standing as our pledge this evening will be led by Councilmember Logan Linu. Let us pray. God of grace and love, we give you thanks for this life and all its blessings. For community and neighbors, for friends and family, for opportunities to bring goodness to the people around us, and for the privilege of serving those to whom we are responsible. We pray for our elected and appointed leaders and all who serve in civic life. For wisdom and the fulfillment of their duties, for a sense of meaning and purpose and their work, for fairness and equity and their decisions, and for integrity and the services of the public interest. May their work here this evening impact this community in positive ways, bringing prosperity and safety to all those who call Youngsville their home. May their service bring to all people blessings of hope, peace and loving kindness. We pray this in the name of the God who is love, God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit. Amen. All right, we'll get evening welcome again, and it's my privilege to welcome to the day is for the first time Councilmember Linu, welcome sir. All right, agenda, yes sir. Pardon the interruption. Okay, I'm going to have to make a motion to expand the agenda, adding prior to item 5.3 regarding the Youngsville Police Department budget pertaining to the police chief's $1,000 car allowance stipend. Okay, there's a motion to expand the agenda. This is prior to I guess agenda 5.3 just for our possible, so we'll make 5.2 a additions to the agenda need to be a unanimous vote of the Council motion by Romero second by Stan's very let's call the role division B Mr. Volgiana. Yes, the vision C Mr. Romero. Yes, division D Mr. Stan's very yes division E. Mishampon. Yes, and division A Mr. Linu. Yes. Okay, we'll add agenda item 5.2 a thank you. All right, yes sir. All right agenda item 2.1 has been removed from the agenda at the request of the Katie and a Renaissance charter academy. Unfortunately, while we're all excited to see the renderings for their new facility, they asked us to pull that off the agenda this evening. They're still working through some final details with it and look forward to sharing that with the public at a future council meeting and I'll be like. I know you'll be as excited as I will to to share that as soon as it becomes available. So with that said,