stay in contact, you know, dive into the finances a little bit more. The cops, you know, all of our expertise looking at, looking at it in different angles. And then I think we could know that in two weeks, three weeks. Anyhow. It's a no go then. It's a no go. Right. So it sounds like maybe what you're asking for is like a is a conditional. Your proposing perhaps allowing us to do a conditional review of the property. Provided that it would fulfill the objectives in the budget that we would have said. Right. I just think this is very unique. You know, I've had I traveled to her five years with my daughter and she wanted to go. And I went to communities, small communities, just because they had a museum. And so I get the draw. I see there are kids like that. There are adults like that. So I see it as an asset, especially with us not having one. And we do focus a lot on on parks and rights and which quality of life. I love it. That's exactly what we would be doing. But I think this presents a very unique opportunity. And I just think of doing this not to at least give it some time. Where if we get locked down, at least do diligence period. Like you were saying at the positive obviously you said you always take care of the deposit. Give us a extra time to see if it fit. And then make a decision. I know we won't have a council meeting. I guess that's where I would struggle with on how it'd be a council vote. So I guess we would leave it up to your discretion. I would. Yeah. Sometimes you don't know opportunities. I don't know. I do. I do think we have a wide net. We have we're doing a lot right now. I mean, we can't multitask some more in do such. And I would I would welcome that. I think what I would ask if we get this is something a direction that you're considering that perhaps we. You guys can come together with maybe having a representative or two that are willing to evaluate. Not only this asset proposed asset, but also 307 I bury a street through a five I bear street or annex building our chamber building. Because really, I mean, we haven't fully kind of circled the. You know, there was some conversations about the existing police department on fourth street. We are leaving the police department on fourth street chief and I've had discussions. I don't think it I don't think it makes sense because of our investment of foster park, the amp at the end of growing there, the connectivity between the parks. We still want to have that as a substation for patrol. So I think that one kind of comes off the radar for this conversation. I also had some short