the school system is to extend that moving forward. I can assure you that Lafayette parish school system will be good partners with you moving forward. I was in a different position and I saw a lot of you had our different meetings and I'm going to apologize. I'm truly going to apologize for some of the things that took place in the past. That is not what good partners are as far as government is concerned. We should always remember that we should be working together as a community and most importantly we should be working together to make sure that our kids are in the right place. I will tell you that I always lead by example. I am with my team in schools. This particular year we have been into 244 schools giving feedback to teachers and administrators. I am in 75% of my time as in schools. And I put myself in this position that number one safety is the priority for this administration. Number two is having well discipline schools. And number three and the one thing that I can tell you that is probably the most troublesome of all is that we don't have kids that go to school consistently. We don't have adults that go to work consistently. I say that to you is because education is the key to any government, any municipality. And it is something that I really as the superintendent of schools wants to lead by example by coming and provide you with updates. This is a source of subject and this is something that I really want you to all know that I am going to repair and I am going to make sure that I work with the mayor and U.S. City Councilman is moving forward. Regardless of what board members did in the past, regardless of what has happened as far as decisions made at the table. We need to move forward and I say that to our board members every day that there are kids, regardless of what happened seven years ago, eight years ago, that knows nothing about all of those things. And we need to, we need to think about kids. And that is what I am going to say to you is that last night, and believe it or not, we met with some of some resistance from some of the community members about when we brought this up and just just reminded us of past sins that we created. And things that I, I assure them that behind the scenes, I worked with your board member. I worked with all of those board members because I did not want any objections to what happened last night. It is a 3.5 million dollar to where we're going to build that turf field at Southside. We're going to get those lights there. We're going to make sure that there is one of those big scantron videos that you can actually go to UL