and I don't think he's totally right but I don't think everyone up there is either. So whoever's going to point they got three or four fingers pointing back at them as my little say. Thank you sir. How are you doing? All right so listen my name is Marcello Jhonor. I live right down the road down the on Boone and Roo. I think the thing that really got to me was like I used to be in law enforcement so it really aggravated me. So in coming from being in law enforcement and being black at that time of the night she hit a punk vehicle. What if there was anybody else on the road? You know what I'm saying? She could have took a life right? I don't think nobody's really even exactly like caring too much about that and the simple fact of that hey I'm going to call the chief of police like he don't come down here and he's like well we're going to sing this damn song and you know I'm going to stop the investigation because it's supposed to be officer discretion but come on man like the chief come down we know what time it is like it's going to be going to decide you know what I'm saying it don't matter you know and it's just it's disrespect to the ones that actually do the job the ones that care you know what I'm saying so think about that you know what I'm saying and it's like I just I just don't get it you know like people like I don't think nobody's really taking this serious enough man you know and I don't know chief you know chief Bull Joe I never really ran into him but it's like like you put this badge on you know what I'm saying and you you're supposed to represent something and just excuse a bot oh I got a head injury like you just came from his man's house like not only that you know like you hear the parkour you coming from his house like who's the saying he didn't show up drunk so it's like like what's going on man like it's just it's just a joke to me it's a joke because there's no way I would have done you know like you know I would have got officer discretion under the floor on the ground with cuss or feel so what's the feel so broady test you know it's just it's just it's really it's really upsetting man that's just you know like I say just it's upsetting you know like I don't want the man to you know to read to I wasn't I ain't gonna say get fired but man somebody's got to take some kind you know you know they're kind of really for something man you know like and I know she resigned and good on her for that but geez bro like as