me hope. There's hope that that house, that building, could be salvaged. It looks solid. It may be prepping for a paint job. It's not, it needs a paint job, but it looks solid, and it looks like, at least I'm hoping, someone is preparing to give it a makeover. And some of the things that I see when I drive around is these four red signs. And that concerns me in the sense that some of the things there, and some of the things being built, or built for... It encourages a transient neighborhood. It encourages people who are going to live there for a short time, but they're all invested in the neighborhood. And that's a concern. That's something that I hope that we can address. So, in summary, what I'm seeing in the neighborhood is distressed. I see fluctuating property values. Much, much of it is the neighborhood as a whole is in need of a makeover. It's not only the individual parts, but the whole neighborhood is in need of a makeover. She was once beautiful, but has not aged gracefully. In fact, she doesn't know who she is anymore. So, how do we help her? How do we reignite the appeal that she once had? Maybe not the same charm that she once had, but one that respects her past while addressing today's lifestyles. I would suggest to you that the answer begins with the good news that the civic and private improvements that have been made nearby have created interest from developers to build there. How to manage that development in a way that protects and enhances the neighborhood is where we are tonight? Currently, it appears that there are not enough tools to protect the neighborhood. By that, I mean, ordinances and ordinances to protect the neighborhood example. If someone wanted to build or open a used car lot in that neighborhood, they could. So, the ordinance that we have in place now would allow that. So, it needs to be reworked, revised, and address the neighborhood that we all want. So, I suggest that we need to address some of the ordinances already on the book, possibly add some new ones to respect the historical nature and ambience of the neighborhood. The challenge, however, is not to over correct and thereby kill the developer's interest in the neighborhood. So, I don't have any specific ordinances, ordinance amendments recommendations tonight, but I do have some places to start a dialogue with the residents and the developers. And they include what I call an architectural code. And I see two architectural codes, one for non-residential, one for residential. The non-residential code should encourage pedestrian-oriented buildings, buildings that are close, built close to the street. Parking in the rear are on the side of the building. And if it's on the side, the parking should be hidden from the street. The materials should be materials that were available before 1940. Colors should be muted, glass