alone and then possibly water works because they're two different budgeted items. So just keep that in mind going forward because of the rest of those funds are going to come from the general fund. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. We'll move on to. No. I'm sorry. Ms. Champagne. Just to address what Lindy said. As of right now this millage with the additional millage would have brought in about a hundred thousand dollars a year I think. One sixty. One sixty. The general fund already supplements fire in police and water to over a million point eight million dollars. So I don't see where this increase of a hundred thousand dollars that would have increased the taxes on the millages for our people that live here that this city would not have will not continue our growth for the fire department, the police department and our water ensure to the tune of a hundred thousand dollars. A hundred and sixty. So the increasing the millage on our residents in my opinion doesn't make any sense because we do have approximately two thousand new homes in the queue that are going to be built. So you've this is way off-figure it. When you see the we have more homes that are being built that means and our assessments went up. I think everyone in this room everyone that owns a home got an assessment from our assessor saying that our property assessments have gone up which will still generate more revenue. So I voted no and it's not because it's going to cause a hardship on the city because I think a hundred and sixty thousand dollars the city will continue to supplement to the tune of over a million dollars to our departments because we have never not funded our police or our fire or our needs for water for the growth because of the growth of the city. So in doing so I think it's a right decision that we not increase our millages at this point. I think the purpose of the Simone is that the the monies would then be able to be reallocated from the general funds that you weren't using and absorbing so much out of that. And secondly the monies that the police department gets is operating off the sales tax which has grown exponentially over the last decade and every time the sales tax has grown the PD has absorbed all of it. So while they absorb all of the ones that sales tax on top of what they get out of the general fund. I'm not saying that no one is not deserving of that but being well the fire department operates off of a property tax millage and then an allocation from the general fund. Being that's the mass majority where the funds come from versus we can't absorb money off of a sales tax or anything else and we can't levy on another millage as far as