footprint or their amount of rooftops on a footprint is traffic flow, parking, the children. I mean I dropped through there at least once or twice a week and I can tell you it's not just the children is the elderly too that are down there walking the streets and that's my concern is putting too much. I do agree with councilwoman Shampa when I see I drove by Reena Draft my daughter goes to school in that area so I did drop by that the other day and it did look to be about six seven feet. I saw trash cans I gave them about two feet so I'm guessing six feet. Yeah I think it's I think it's five. Okay it was a recycle bin is what I saw I think it was in the picture actually and so I kind of guess that was probably six feet five. Still that that's a good chunk. I would hope maybe y'all could look at that. I could see us or I could see myself agreeing to maybe set about two pieces of property. You talked about the back I'm assuming that's there's no fencing or anything back there. Definitely. It's open lot. Yeah and the adjacent property owner is there any discussions with them or anything? I think there's a hurt. Yeah there is. I like a chain. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right that's all I have right now. Thank you. When councilman Ramara was speaking it brought some things some questions I had. He talked about fencing. The disadvantages of zero lot lines or or homes that are so close to each other two or three feet is if you have windows if that middle house has windows you look in straight in to the next person's window. We do require two stories to have a Bahamas shutters are shutters to help protect the neighbor next door. Another disadvantage of putting homes at close is maintenance. When I looked at the arena drive you could see that the air condition in units and they probably had equal distance on the other side. So three feet I mean you're not going to be able to do very much maintenance in those small areas if you go to three feet or two feet in between those homes you don't have less privacy and you won't be required like a regular subdivision to have fencing if I'm not mistaken right because it would be just so you would not be required to have fencing around the entire perimeter and possibly a privacy fence between those homes. So I wanted to just tell you some of my some more my thoughts. I may have other questions I'm not sure that may come up. Thank you. Council there are other I mean just looking on an aerial search I mean I'm looking at a couple of lots that are on railroad that are at like a 47 you know footprints just to kind