 open the floor for any public comment relative to the increased milled rates. Is there any public comment related to the increased milled rates? Okay, at this time there's no public comment related to the increased milled rates. So I'll adjourn the public hearing. All right. All right. Okay. All in favor? All right. Public hearings adjourn. All right. Good evening again September 12, 2024. Tonight is the regular meeting for the Youngsville Mayor and City Council for our invocation this evening. I'd like to ask Pastor Travis Minick to lead us in the invocation. And then if you remain standing our pledge of allegiance to this evening is going to be led by some special guests in the audience this evening, which is our girl scout troop number 239. Pastor, thanks for being here. Sorry. About the heads. Well, we know that wisdom begins with the fear of you. And Lord tonight, we just invite you into these meetings tonight or give us wisdom and knowledge in leading this city or help the men and women. Or as they guide under your direction tonight. Well, we thank you for meeting us here. And we pray all this new blessed holiday. Amen. Amen. Yeah. Yeah. You're welcome to come up front if you'd like. Yeah. Shelby, I assume since it's you want to do it in the microphone. If you want. Yeah. Whenever you're ready. I pledge allegiance to the flag as the United States of America into the equivalent for which is stand on the nation under God. In the visible and evenly injustice for all. Great job. And it was a pleasure having you visit city hall today. So at our schools, we do it in Spanish. Oh, OK. Well, we're off. Well, I'm not surprised. But thank you for being here this evening. Miss Kidry, would you please call the roll? Miss Faris, here. Mr. Volgiano, here. Mr. Romero, here. Miss Cree, here. Miss Yonfayne, here. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, this evening we had the opportunity to, of course, you just heard the pledge led by our wonderful Girl Scout troops 239. I just want to commend you for all the great things that are taking place with your leadership. We're looking forward to the cookie sale that's coming up. I forgot to ask if there's any new flavors this year. But I have a feeling you may have told me if there were. So from. Mom, it's one kill. OK. Well, for members of the public, the troop was learning about civics. There's citizenship, badge, I guess it is. And this evening we walked through a, from a, from what a concept to how the ordinance was passed. So it was, we had some really good public comment about it. And I know, on behalf of my colleagues on the council, we enjoyed having you here this evening. So thanks for sharing the afternoon with us before the meeting. And we look forward to seeing you continued leadership in the community. So thank you all for being here. All right. Jen, I'm 4.2. This evening Chief Luvierre is going to recognize officer Zachary Smith upon his graduation from the Acadiana Law Enforcement Academy. Did he have to step out? No, he's here. OK, perfect. Yeah, so floor is yours Chief. Thank you. So officers Zachary Smith is our newest officer at the Youngsville Police Department. Not only is it a big accomplishment to become a police officer to get to that level past the initial hiring process, which is stressful as it is. But to finish a 15 week academy completely dealing with the stressors of the PT, the tests that they take every week, the wealth of information that you're absorbing. But then to go a step above, Kenyan Law Enforcement Training Academy has what's called the top cadet award. So the top cadet award is given to one individual that goes through the entire academy that rises above in academics, firearms, and physical fitness. We are lucky to have officer Smith working with us. Not only did he graduate the academy, but he graduated the academy with the top cadet award, which we couldn't be proud of. His demeanor, his position on learning and wanting to accept has been outstanding. So we're lucky to have him and we're happy to have him on board. Officer Smith, congratulations and look forward to having you as I look forward to thank you for being a part of the team. So let us know if we can ever help you with anything. Thank you. A gen item 4.3, our LPSS Superintendent Francis Tuchet is here this evening to provide an update on the Lafayette Parish School System Activity Superintendent. Welcome back, sir. Thank you, Mayor. Council members, members of the public. Again, as promised, I've stated that I would start at the beginning of the year, give you some updates as far as the school system is concerned. In front of you, there is a one-pager, a person that believes to keep it very simple, that we have right now there is a sheet in front of you that says this is the number of students that we have at each of our different schools. The second part of that document is the different projects that are happening at those different schools, whether it be green tea, whether it be south side, which you all have heard that we are funding that field and making sure that the field house, the track, everything that goes with whatever else has in the district is taking place. Also one thing that I really want all of you to be aware of that within the next couple of months, there will be a lot of things in the news. A lot of things that we'll talk about where the school system is going to move toward. That could mean school closures. That could mean consolidation. That could mean adding programs to different schools. The one thing that we're really trying to do is to make sure that we have someone that comes in and takes a really good look at what we're doing and if we're using the taxpayers' dollars, the way it needs to. I am not saying that we're going to do all these different things, but all of those things are on the table and all of those things are going to be looked at. We are looking at probably some immediate things happening for next year, some things happening in five years, some things happening in 10 years and possibly 15 years. We are really looking forward to that report. The last thing that I want to bring you guys up to date with is just something I want you to be aware of. This is the superintendent gumball cookoff that I'll be having annually that will be starting this year. It's going to be on October 18th at our central office to where Lafayette Parish is one of the biggest businesses. We have personally sent an email to each of those different vendors and those vendors will come out and all of the monies being raised are going to go back to the schools. If we raise $200,000, we will cut a check 46 different ways and we'll make sure that those monies goes back to the kids and to the teachers around incentives. With that being said, I just want to first of all, again, thank you for your partnership. Thank you for being who you are. I want you to know that I am committed, our board is committed, to making sure that this relationship builds upon itself. At this time, I'll take any questions that you may have for me. Let's see. Council, your mics are on. If you have any questions for the superintendent. Yes, ma'am. No questions. I just want to thank the superintendent because we're thinking and I know that you appreciate the education field as you do to make Lafayette parish the best education for our kids that there possibly could be. On behalf of the state board, I would like to congratulate you on that and thank you for that. Thank you. Councilman Boljana. Yeah. First of all, thank you for coming. I appreciate the update as always. A few residents were asking the bits on South-South-South-State-M and obviously, it's the biggest topic of discussion. I think we'll talk about it until it's completed in the first home game. We're all excited for that. Is there any SMN at time line or what that looks like for the future? So I will say to you is that before the board even committed to the 12 million, I was doing behind the scenes working. We were doing and making sure that architects were doing their things. We made sure that the day after we put everything out. We are looking at their first game being for the 25-26 school year. That is, stands being built. The capacity of the entire home and end-to-visitor side will be 4,400 people. We will also have concession stands. We will have restrooms. We will have a $3 million field house with weight room inside of it so that these kids are not going to have to go to the school or come back. They'll be right there. So lots of different things happening even to the point where there's two architects doing this work. We want to focus on the field house, the others focusing on the field itself. Also we're going to have track. We're going to make sure that there is a eight lane track that kids can actually use throughout. So again, we're going to give, and I say this all the time, we're going to give the kids in Young'sville what every other school has. And again, I said it to the mayor and I'll say it to you. Listen, let's let the past be the past. These kids knew nothing about what happened back then. What they know is that they don't have these things and they've been traveling to St. Martin Parish and they've been doing all these different things. That's not fair to those parents. That's not fair to those kids. So I am looking forward that the field is actually going to be ready within the next couple of weeks. We're going to have kids practicing on that field. We're going to make sure that JV Games can be played on that field this year because we have lights. We're going to make sure that we do everything we can to utilize it. Even the band kids, the band kids are actually going to be able to go and practice on a turf field where lines are already there. So again, lots of different things happening. I'm excited for this community. I'm excited for the school. Listen, we got 1,830 kids at Southside High School. 1,830 kids. When you walk through that school in the morning, there's kids all over. I mean, it's happening. It's a very lively place. It's a place that has a lot of spirit, a lot of culture, and by all means, those kids support each other. Just go to a game and see exactly what happens in the stands when they're supporting their teams. Anything else? Council members? Mr. Consumers. I'm just going to echo what Simone said. I don't think we've had this most communication and dialect with a superintendent since I can remember not knocking prior administrations, like you said. I think what you've done with the current board and yourself and your administration is phenomenal. And it's showing throughout the past. Keep up the good work. Thank you. Thank you. Ditto. It's extremely refreshing. So keep up the great work and we're proud to be partners with you, Superintendent. So thank you all so much. Thank you for being here. We have another obligation so again, if you're all going to excuse me. Absolutely. You have a good night. Take care. All right, a gin item 4.4, Mr. Todd East is here this evening to announce this candidacy for City Council division D. Thank you for giving me some of the questions. Thank you. Thank you for giving me some opportunities to speak. I'm Todd East. I'm running for division D council. I've been here. Let me take some stuff apart. Maybe you may not know. I'm a deep, deep routine community. I'm a Catholic, Christian, Republican, America and who I'm very proud of. And I, my schooling, I wanted to be a Catholic priest. I haven't said that in about 35 years. So when I went to college, I took theology. Took every theology to get me ready for the seminary. I realized that God had a different plan for me. And that's why I stand here before you today. So I took it all too in school. But I always wanted to do good. I traveled throughout the world for the Catholic charities and other ministries, staying months at a time, delivering food, and budgeting. Now I run a successful company with five or six trucks. I operate it. And with my wife too, we help. She helps. We do good. And we're growing. I see the budget. Let me skip to the budget. Did you look at my core DC budget management on there? I don't see it as just a budget. I see not just numbers or calculators or a book, but I see families. I see roads. I see the men and women that come to work every day. You want to look into the budget. I see the peace department where I support. I see the fire department. And I see that the budget means a lot to me. And as you know, I ask for the budget every time. It means a lot to me. Because I look into it. And I see Tim's the sports complex. I see a lot of things. And that's why I'm running for city council. Because God has set my path. And that's the way I am. So I prayed about it. And I asked my wife about it. And I saw about it. And that's why you, I'm here for you today. So I'd like to ask for you to support on November 5th. Thank you. Todd, thank you. Invest in the law. Thank you. Appreciate you being here with us this evening, sir. agenda item 5.1 is approval of the August 8th, 2024 meeting. Is there a motion? Motion by Ms. Barres. And the second by Councilman Volgiano. Is there any public comment? Any council comment in the discussion? In the schedule, please call the vote. Ms. Barres? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Miss Cree? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. Thank you. Mr. Volgiano? Thank you. 6.1 approval of the July 2024 finance report. Okay, motion by Councilmember Romero. And a second by Councilman Creed. Is there any council discussion or any public comment? Okay, if there's no public comment, Ms. Kidri, please call the vote ric. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Cree? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council 7.1. Is there a bid review for pump station number three? Susan's in the back. Come on up, Susan. Hi there. So we received four bids. That seems to be our magic number recently. Four bids. The estimate was 380,000. Three of those bids came in below that. The low bid was southern constructors for a base bid of 323,000. This is the pump station on Young Street. That southern trail is just going to come to. All right. Any comments or questions from the council? We'll take a motion to accept the low bid. All right. Miss Champagne motions to accept the low bid. Is there a second? Second. By Councilman Volgiano. Any council comment? Any public discussion? Any question? All right. Ms. Gady, please call the vote to award the low bid. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Cree? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. I hope you have a lot of expectations left. Yeah. Anything or any suggestions for the delay here, to an anticipated day. Please, vote next. Are you pleased to discuss and consider resceding the following condition per SY editing phase? To which is approved on Oktober 15, 2020? In that condition, was the HOA evidence will reflect that the residents will have control after 80% of the lots are sold and council. This was a condition that was placed on phase two of this development prior to the preliminary pletipruval. To give you an update as I appreciate it as things are now, phase one has been turned over, phase one, phase one, Mr. Anzalm has resigned from that board of directors. There's been a new election, a new board. They've hired a new management company that's taken over phase one for that neighborhood. Bank accounts, everything's been done. Phase two of restrictive covenants have been recorded, reflecting your wish is shown that the Homeowners Association would be churned over after 80% of the lots are sold with the exception of architectural control. So with that recording, we are allowing, we did, I did allow there lots to be sold now. I don't know that any permits have been issued yet, but we did start that process. But I did tell Mr. Anzalm that since all the criteria was met from the first phase, that I would bring it back for your consideration or your discussion. I'm happy to go on about it, but I just wanted to share with you with the premise of it was at this time. I'm just curious who keeps architectural control. That would be for the developer still. Yeah. So that in that particular provisions, not really unusual. I mean, if we look at other neighborhoods, regardless of when it's churned over, I mean, typically while there's still lots that are able to be sold, the developer still likes to have some level of interest or involvement to ensure that the architectural integrity is being put in a place. So that's what that's for. All right. Well, I guess if that if it doesn't sound like any other discussion or comment. Okay. Well, then this item will leave it as is if there's not going to be a motion to accept the or to consider the revision. All right. Moving on. Let's go to agenda item 8.1. For resolutions resolution 2024 14 of resolution adopting the adjusted milled rates for the city of young so for 2024. Is there a motion on the second? Okay. Motion by Ms. Champagne in a second by council member Romero. Is there any public comment? The other discussion and question. Okay. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Cree. Yes. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Ms. Volgiano. I'm going to abstain just because the other funds do go towards partial department. Okay. And Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. Okay. agenda 8.3 resolution 2024 16 resolution. No, excuse me. I think I stepped to skip to one resolution 2024 15 resolution is set forth. The adjusted milled rates and roll forward to milled rates not exceeding the maximum authorized rates for the city of young so for 2024. Is there a motion? All right. A motion by Mr. Romero in a second by Mrs. Cree. I'm Mr. Emerge. Yeah. I just want to make it known that you know we don't take action on these. Then it can put us in a difficult situation obviously because they're on the book so having a roll and forward is a need. I don't think that was mentioned earlier. Okay. This is Ms. Cree. Is that just the second or do you have any comment? Okay. Any council comment any other discussion from the council? Okay. Any public comment? Any public comment or public question relative to this resolution? Okay. If there's no additional comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne? No. Ms. Bares? No. Mr. Volgiano? I'm sorry. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Cree. Yes. Motion fails. It doesn't fail yet and I'm saying. We need for this requires a two thirds vote which is for Paul Johnson. Yes. Just for the council's knowledge. The property millage that was designated for fire protection and water works and everything was approved. I believe. I think we're four years five years in. Four five years in. There was a massive misopportunity at the time because of the explosive growth that we had in our community that the millage was not increased then. So those apartments were lacked in funding from the get-go five years ago. So roll not rolling them forward not only hinder's growth but it completely halts any growth for the foreseeable future. Press four as fire protection alone and then possibly water works because they're two different budgeted items. So just keep that in mind going forward because of the rest of those funds are going to come from the general fund. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. We'll move on to. No. I'm sorry. Ms. Champagne. Just to address what Lindy said. As of right now this millage with the additional millage would have brought in about a hundred thousand dollars a year I think. One sixty. One sixty. The general fund already supplements fire in police and water to over a million point eight million dollars. So I don't see where this increase of a hundred thousand dollars that would have increased the taxes on the millages for our people that live here that this city would not have will not continue our growth for the fire department, the police department and our water ensure to the tune of a hundred thousand dollars. A hundred and sixty. So the increasing the millage on our residents in my opinion doesn't make any sense because we do have approximately two thousand new homes in the queue that are going to be built. So you've this is way off-figure it. When you see the we have more homes that are being built that means and our assessments went up. I think everyone in this room everyone that owns a home got an assessment from our assessor saying that our property assessments have gone up which will still generate more revenue. So I voted no and it's not because it's going to cause a hardship on the city because I think a hundred and sixty thousand dollars the city will continue to supplement to the tune of over a million dollars to our departments because we have never not funded our police or our fire or our needs for water for the growth because of the growth of the city. So in doing so I think it's a right decision that we not increase our millages at this point. I think the purpose of the Simone is that the the monies would then be able to be reallocated from the general funds that you weren't using and absorbing so much out of that. And secondly the monies that the police department gets is operating off the sales tax which has grown exponentially over the last decade and every time the sales tax has grown the PD has absorbed all of it. So while they absorb all of the ones that sales tax on top of what they get out of the general fund. I'm not saying that no one is not deserving of that but being well the fire department operates off of a property tax millage and then an allocation from the general fund. Being that's the mass majority where the funds come from versus we can't absorb money off of a sales tax or anything else and we can't levy on another millage as far as water sewer infrastructure. That's why I said that. A hundred and sixty thousand dollars goes go far away. It does supply two full-time people within an agency and goes goes quite a substantial way but I think the goal of that was to levy the funds off of the general fund being that we're considering so many matches to over a dozen projects across the city over the next five or five or five years. So I'm well understand your vote of no. Your lack of explanation on that is incorrect and a hundred and sixty thousand dollars is a substantial amount of money. Also when you build two thousand new homes in the city they're reassessed every four years. So the two thousand homes that are built this year you won't even see the funds from four years from out that five. So that's incorrect. You wouldn't even see you wouldn't even see those dollars for five years and what happens today in five years from now are drastically different and a growth of a community. But I appreciate I appreciate your explanation. Yeah and I'm going to disagree with you because the minute you buy piece of property in Yumsville you start paying property taxes. It's not the same as you build that in a home and you build a home. You paid the same amount five years from now that you did when you bought it because I didn't I didn't pay the same amount of property taxes that you that I built it for five years later. Well I think and my vote is for the taxpayers of this city. I'm the one who made that up. My commitment that I have always said I would not increase taxes on the citizens of our city and I don't think a hundred and sixty thousand dollars a year that the city is already supplementing ten times that amount that amount and we'll continue to supplement with the growth of the city that we have that it was that it's an uncalled for increase on our citizens. And I do appreciate you Lindy saying that you work for the fire department I wouldn't expect anything else. Mr. Ramirez. Yeah I mean I looked at this from a six to seven thousand homes in Yumsville about twenty dollars a year per home inflation is a reality it is what we're dealing with unfortunately. I am not for overtaxing or anything of that nature but unfortunately we live in a place where taxes are required to pay for things and if we continue to bleed the general fund for police and fire at some point in time something's got to gonna have to give. I'm all for and I agree with some own we have paid both departments what they needed given them what they needed. That's kind of what you know we're voting on a millage not really a dollar amount per se but I don't know that was just my two cents unfortunately these are typically always passed without any discussion. It's pretty cut and dry stuff but tonight it wasn't. All right let's move on agenda item 9.1 no excuse me 8.3 resolution 2024 16 a resolution authorizing the mayor to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement with the parish of Lafayette regarding funding from the state of Louisiana governor's office of homeland security and emergency preparedness offset eligible costs incurred in connection with severe storms and tornadoes from May 20 to through June 9th subject to executive order JML 2472 is there a motion. So moved. All right thank you mr. Romero and is there a second Ms. Boris seconds thank you ma'am. Council with this does uh back in in May as you know we had some unnamed an unnamed storm they produced significant amount of damage uh Vincent Pierre's here by the way I want to just acknowledge him from the mayor president's office as our as our liaison Vincent thanks for being here sir. So this is this is an opportunity for us to get some of our expenses from that time we did have we did have a debris pick up over two weeks during this time period so this gives us the opportunity to do the process of getting reimbursement on those expenses because of the efforts made at the parish level in conjunction with the state's declaration so is there any comment or any public comment relative to this okay if there's no comment Ms. Gidry please call the vote. Ms. Boris yes mr. Volgiano yeah mr. Romero yes mr. Creed yes Michelle fine yes motion approved all right thank you agenda item 9.1 is ordinance for introduction 495 2024 in ordinance of the city of young zool Louisiana authorize in the city of young zool to sell certain immovable surplus property located at 3014th street young zool Louisiana which is not needed for public purposes is there a motion okay motion by michelle pund second by mr. boljano through any council discussion or any public comment if you if you're following along and realize we did introduce this previously I decided to hold it because we were having a public hearing relative to downtown young zool since this property was located in downtown young zool I realized I mean we we missed the advertisement window to move it to final so I'm bringing it back to you for introduction I wanted to wait till after that public hearing took place okay if there's no public comment misgidred please call the vote. Ms. Derbosiano yes mr. Romero yes Miss Creed yes Michelle fine yes yes motion approved okay ordinances for final adoption 10.1 ordinance 375.2 2024 in ordinance amending ordinance number 375 2014 regulating the permitting of golf carts and slow moving vehicles there's a motion by michelle pund in a second by mr. Creed is there any council discussion okay if there's no mayor if you don't mind I'd like to offer an amendment to the ordinance that is put before the council I'd just like to have a provision added that would read and would be coincide with rather the state statute which requires that any golf court that is operated on a municipal street have the same liability insurance or with the same minimum limits as required by the state statute which is title 32 900 B and this would make it identical to the state statute which is codified it revised statute 32 colon 29.4 okay thank you sir mclogg I guess we should vote on the we have discussion you want to vote on the amendment first or okay okay is there a motion and second on the amendment first we'll do go that right okay motion by mr. champagne in a second by miss bar is okay is there any discussion we're just going to discuss the amendment first I thought we had something in here about insurance some permanent fund it because don't you require it when don goes out to do these meetings yes yes insurance is yes it is so what but this amendment makes our ordinance compatible with or read almost identical to the state statute it doesn't create a conflict so right now you're saying our insurance statement in here it creates conflict no what I'm saying is I don't think you're sure statute reach the same as the state statute so I just want to make them identical marry each other okay so the so the amendment is really just a kind of like a house key to the item that we that's all we really had we caught it soon or we would have just included it in the in the introductory item okay so okay is there any other is there any discussion this is just on the amendment which is clarifying the insurance language to bring that current okay if there's no public comment miss gager please call the vote on the amendment or marrow yes miss cre yes miss champagne yes miss bar is yes mr. Volgiano yeah okay so we'll go back to the ordinance for final adoption now inclusive of the amendment that mr. trahan just presented is there any council discussion on it is there any public this any public comment yes sir come on up sir mr. Jackson good hey my name is David Jackson the resident of field press subdivision I've been a resident of youngsville since 2008 when I moved here and I love the city a lot of community and I come and visit with the mayor we bounce things off of each other I was the HOA president of our neighborhood till monday so there's someone else in there but I actually came and see the mayor on the ninth to discuss golf carts and low-speed vehicles because I was getting hit with a lot of questions from people and you know what's what's allowed what's not allowed reading through the laws reading through the state laws I came in to visit with him and ironically he had the same paperwork I had and we're talking from the the same stuff and so I really appreciate that the council has its ear on the community and one of the things that I was talking with him about is you know there's a lot of golf carts that aren't low-speed vehicles right now and one of two things is either going to happen here pretty soon is either a lot of people are going to go and get rid of their golf carts and buy low-speed vehicles and then now they're going to be able to ride in the lane of traffic for areas that are 35 miles per hour under one of the things that I was speaking with the mayor about is is possibly creating crossing locations for golf carts crossing locations that are designated you know the crossover these 35 or less mile-prayer highways just like if you put a crossing like you have right there the sports complex with the flashing yellow lights and that way you have people that have access to businesses and restaurants and sugar mill pond for all of the events that go on we already have a parking issue in sugar mill pond for any of those events anyway we have parking issues that the sports complex and a lot of events are going on so you know it could it can be done safe it could be done right there's other communities that have done it grand out allows them to ride on the highway which I don't recommend that Welsh allows them to cross highway 90 downtown and Welsh which is a state highway so here it's a little different there's no state highway to cross and so it's a it's all municipality and city highways and so it's not nothing that needs to be done today I know this is the first step with the low-speed vehicles but I think moving in the right direction with the sense of community a lot of people do have regular golf carts that don't have the fixed windshield and the windshield wipers they have everything else but they don't have the fixed windshield and windshield wipers so just wanted to bring that up I think it's a kind of a twofold thing because I'm looking into it myself you know it's one of those things where I got to make a decision because we love being on the golf cart we love taking it to places but now I can't cross over highway 92 in front of my subdivision it's not just us we have 187 homes in there and we also have another 177 homes that are in Laurel Grove and those people are coming into our neighborhood too and are looking for that place to cross to be able to go to Rouse's smoothie king sugar mill pond events and hopefully in the future the Beverly go to sports complex it relieves a little bit of parking understand their safety concerns with that but I just wanted to speak on that and I appreciate you time well thanks thanks David actually coincidentally he came and talked to me after this was introduced had no idea no idea no idea was introduced but when he started I don't even know if I knew why you were coming but as he started talking I had he's just paper here and said y'all I've already talked about it on the 8th I'm like wow that's that's amazing you know so you know but just wanted to see if it'd be possible in the future to take it to the next level where we're not ending up with you know we have I don't know how many golf carts we have registered in Youngsville but I know in our neighborhood there's probably at least 50 to 60 so now all of a sudden those become low speed vehicles and now they're riding in the lane of traffic when really all they wanted to do is cross yeah so appreciate you time I appreciate it thanks David thank you I mean just I don't know if you'll need to is there any other public comment I guess I should ask for okay mr. Mara I appreciate you getting up I did not ask him to come talk by the way you're speaking my language I've been talking about this for probably six months or so it's right now it's essentially baby steps we've removed the slow moving vehicles now the problem with the crosswalk which was something I brought up our CAO and even our city engineer there's state laws that require where it's at so there's no true area either on 92 or even on shim and mediree where it can go to cross that that's one of the problems we're seeing I do think we're gonna see an uptick in slow moving vehicles over the next year which I by the way it's gonna be put out there that's okay hopefully and from the safety standpoint that be okay and maybe we'll be revisiting this in another six months to years well because I agree with you there are people off the St. Belays that are crossing shim and mediree to Ernest Gullets drive through going into Laurel Grove even and coming up to Yalls neighborhood I know a lot of them so I get it and it's only gonna increase as we expand the roads too. Yeah so just just for the I guess the public's knowledge if you haven't been following this particular issue this ordinance has been in place now for 10 years with this amendment to the ordinance is set to do should it pass this evening the ordinance from 10 years ago really manages slow moving vehicles and golf carts together as one so what this does is it's basically removing the young zone regulation if you will on slow moving vehicles and it's just a faulty to state law on those type of vehicles so you know if you have a slow moving vehicle and are following those components of state law then this would negate the need for you to get it uh... inspected by the city of young so we've had one revision on this ordinance earlier maybe it was this year last year and that was just the frequency of inspection it was an annual inspection now it's every two year inspection so there's been a step in the past you know of the 10 year ordinance to basically make it easier the registration process is online things of that nature so if you have a slow moving vehicle this deregulates it as far as young so it's concerned it just really puts uh... i mean your applicable laws just subject to whatever the state law is for golf carts there's really zero change the way it's written today if you have a golf cart well except if this insurance provision which is just putting it in tangent with the state i do agree it's something that comes up you know often i mean if that's something that the council wants to consider in the future i mean i would suggest maybe we just take a you know kind of a comprehensive look at by where you would want to see those because while we're thinking about like field crest you know bisonic and uh... you know the other one i hear is um... uh... oceans like from sugarmote pond to the sports complex across Savoy um... you know so i mean there's probably other areas in in the community that that may be applicable and i've also asked uh... mr. tron to just look to remind refresh himself uh... or not refresh himself to educate himself i guess on you know should that be the desire of of the council at a future meeting you know are you in conflict what would be required in things of that nature because i tend to remember that when we did it in the past there was something that was regularly the state's provision was you can only have those you know stat you can only have a local rule related to golf carts if it's not in conflict with it i struggle to find it now so that's why i asked you know way to just review it on our behalf um... to let you know what could you do if you wanted to do it so but i do agree this is a good step i mean as we're getting more golf carts i don't think you need somebody from our office to be inspecting your slow moving vehicles so it's a deregulatory step to where we can just put the focus on golf carts so is there any question or any public comment okay so there's a motion on the floor for the original proposal agree with the amendment which is accepted as amended or someone can make a substitute motion to accept it as you if they're not in agreement with it all right so what Nicole saying we already had a motion in second if you agree with the if you agree with it as amended then we would then she would stick with your motion in second so if there's no conflict i think it was miss shaman and was creed yeah we so this is a but they they had offered an amendment before i'm sorry they had offered a motion in a second before the amendment was brought up so okay if no other public comment all right miss Gidjuri please call the vote miss creed yes miss shaman yes yes bar is yes mr. vogiano yes mr. amaro yes motion approved all right thank you and thank you for the feedback on it i think it is a good step in the right direction and we can continue looking at it as the public sees fit all right i didn't mention at the beginning of the meeting but i did say it on in the introductory ordinances that 10.2 we're really removing that from the agenda from final adoption because we reintroduced it tonight that's relative to the surplus of property on fourth street so we're gonna we're gonna remove this one from the agenda and we'll bring back the ordinance that you introduce tonight can we get a motion to re-send a motion to motion to motion to re-send all right thank you mr. amaro and miss bar is seconds all right so we'll vote on the vote on the removal of public comment any public comment relative to this vote all right miss get your name is creed yes miss shaman yes miss bar is yes mr. vogiano yes mr. amaro yes motion approved all right thanks council we'll bring back the the introductory one in october for your final adoption 10.3 ordinance 494 2024 in ordinance of the city of young zoole Louisiana i'm in the in chapter 24 utilities section 24 110 building sewers and connections relative to sewer specifications you recall Susan told you about this at the last meeting this is basically just modifying the the tracer wire component on new development and using the latest technologies that are available Amanda's here so if you have any questions Amanda's one of our public works supervisors that can tell you all about it it was actually her idea wasn't it Amanda yeah so wealth and knowledge right there in the audience for you so sorry is there a motion in a second please all right motion by miss shampoin second by mr. amaro is there any public comment or any council comment you have any comment Amanda careful with you thank you thank you very much and anything we can do to help make the line locating process easier for us in the future so is any other public comment all right no public comment no additional public comment misgidory please call the vote miss shampoin yes miss barra yes mr. volziano yes mr. amaro yes miss kree yes motion approved all right thanks Nicole let's see for a hold my announcement staff to staff after the staff announcements let's see you want to Pam you want to do Pam Tim and then Susan sure okay good Susan gets to go after Tim so i'm sure you guys have really noticed a lot of the action around the fortune road roundabout and extension we're about 95% complete on the drainage we're gonna start working the drainage around there we had done a lot of stuff we still had to do right at the roundabout and the next week or so we'll start working on the base for the roadway extension getting the solcement ready for that base work and after that you'll see asphalt and you'll start seeing concrete with the roundabout so it's gonna start looking like a roundabout i think there's some people where i was recently asked as reason is yesterday if that was gonna be a signalized intersection so i think when people start seeing the roundabout come into fruition they'll they'll recognize it highway 89 we're working on the east side of drainage so they'll be on the east side for a while probably three to six months working on the drainage on that side 2024 roadway improvements with flesco cross it we've paved it we're still working on the roadside drainage and then we'll do some striping to get that open before we attempt to do the patching at the highway 89 and shimmym metery parkway roundabout tracked around about we are targeting for the october 14th to 16th time frame which is when kids are out of school to try to do the work that as much of that work as we can so let's keep our fingers crossed whether permitting so that it doesn't we don't affect school traffic as much and then after that they will be working towards nest pk um larivier road we submitted final plans to do td on august 12th from our perspective we're just waiting on a couple of utility companies to send us letters clearing utilities um sure the hurricane's gonna delay those letters but we'll keep going i knew um the strike with AT&T is delayed their letter i don't even know there was a strike um gatech for highway 92 the uh in shimmy agriab 92 at prescott we're still waiting on the reports from the gatech um so that we can complete our typical sections with those but we are a 45 percent complete on the lay the overall layout and roundabout designed for prescott and uh 92 where meet where i'm gonna meet next week uh with dio td i have another have two meetings scheduled with them so i want to meet next week and talk about the patch and overlay now that we're through with larivier to start talking about that which is your right sizing funds and then we have been looking at some modifications for the tractor roundabout shimmy agriab people have probably seen us we've been out there looking at um school traffic and trying to see what we can do to improve some of our congested areas and so we're working with the mayor on some of the things that we're finding that we could do whether it be some left turn lanes some um in certain areas so we've been uh closely working on those items and then um it won't be long we'll be working with Nicole and the mayor on the capital outlay to make sure that uh highway 99 highway 89 continues to get funding as well as for and also are other projects that we have so excuse i just want to emphasize a couple things that you said one is relative to the tractor round about them and as you know in the 2024 project that's the full depth patching and resurfacing of that roundabout uh in its current geometry uh it's just to address the base failures that are there that's why Pam said that that's tentatively scheduled for October 14th to 16th we had planned that once ago to coincide with fall break uh the reason why that's important is because that intersection will need to be temporarily closed while we do that so we're trying to pick an optimal time to rebuild that roundabout um with perfect weather it shouldn't take longer hopefully then the weekend plus the days that the um the days that schools out on break valesco crossing will be open at that time the uh overlay that that Pam's mentioned using the right size credit is going to be using our credits from right sizing highway 89 to do a patch mill and overlay of highway 92 which is iberius street from the clock roundabout uh to bonan and then the curve around bonan becomes e smilting all the way to veraught so we have about three million dollars in dottd credits and roughly it's about a million dollars for a mile of a patch mill and overlay today's pricing so it's going to hopefully fit perfectly we think that it we've now been around the entire city with dottd at least twice and then once backwards to try to figure out where we can redeem these credits and we feel like that's probably a good spot to use them uh because eventually that road is going to need a resurfacing work um the uh someone's asked me recently about the track to round about it while it is true we did design that intersection with a double lane roundabout that was really part of our buildout plan from our transportation plan of 2024 uh that project was not funded adequately from the state on capital outlay so our goal there now is to get there's two complaints about that intersection one is the condition of it currently which i don't think anybody would disagree with that we agree with it back in 2015 or 16 when shimmy metery parkway was rebuilt it excluded that intersection so we knew that there would be a time that it would fail shimmy metery parkway from guillot to highway 90 was built in concrete that was a different time period a different typical section so we've reached the useful life of that intersection as is which is why we're we're going to be doing the full depth patching correct in the base condition that we've known has existed for the last couple of years uh so the first first opportunity there is to is the condition of it second opportunity is the traffic that's coming south south to north into the intersection primarily during school traffic as y'all know i mean it's no secret a lot of us do the same things bring our kids and go to work at the same time every morning so that intersection if you're coming from sugar ridge or south of sugar ridge it does back up so while we're waiting on uh that funding to take place uh to to build out what we've designed we're looking at interim solutions because there are interim things uh that could really solve the problem i mean one one i mean we're just going to say i mean what we're looking at is potentially if it fits right is to do a signal signalized leg of it potentially from shinnon mettery going east to where if you're approaching shinnon mettery basically pausing that traffic to allow uh guillot to flush through it more in the morning during the morning in the morning during peak times um to allow people there's not enough time the traffic's flowing too fast from west to east they're entering the roundabout at a very high speed and it does give those folks that are moving traveling north time to enter into the roundabout to keep them from backing up so we would pause them i'm sure you've seen those where you can enter into an interstate there's a light there it pauses use as if you know stop here allows traffic to go in and then when it's not and then lets you in after that so um we are currently looking at that yes really peak times peak times uh i think that's it that's all i wanted to mention was this the upcoming because i will be impacting traffic potentially if if the weather permits us to do it October 14th to 16th but we'll of course communicate that and try to do it with the most minimal inconvenience as possible so any any questions or clarifications about Pam's report all right uh Tim please for our sports programs uh sugar breach follyball we're attempting to finish the Thursday night league and then we'll start the fall league towards the end of this month uh we've had about a hundred and forty five teams registered for the fall league our girls enter a volleyball started and we're playing games until the end of the season tournament on the weekends of October 4th and 11th and they play every Saturday and Sunday right now uh southside and crew rush soccer has started practices uh they will start games this weekend uh f&a football has started and their games will be on Monday and Friday starting tomorrow night uh delts up all league has started on august 12th they play on Tuesday wins the in Thursday nights uh bitty basketball also has started and opened up registration uh for bitty basketball all the tennis program and continues in the third collegiate sugar cane classic collegiate tennis tournament will be held starting tomorrow Saturday and Sunday and that'll be the um each day will start at 9 30 in the morning on it's you oh men's tennis they're going to be hosting two lane sudden miss and tolle junior college our recreation center continues with pickleball council and agent and free play and under special events we've seen outside the date um with more details to come soon for our grand open of the new expansion and that'll occur on Sunday October 6th and it'll be in conjunction with the rotary patch the port thank you to me everybody saved the day at October 6th that that Sunday morning the rotary patch is uh well not to steal miss creed standard but it's a wonderful event that we're uh that we're looking forward to having our first official event there although there we are next weekend still having a tournament a baseball tournament it'll be the 20th uh the 21st and the 22nd satches so next week so there will be first baseball tournament is going to take place at the expansion uh next weekend so all right any questions for Tim all right Susan so you've probably seen the construction at the water plant on our various street nearby part Purdue is already underway they started with the ground storage tank that's probably going to take about a month month and a half um so that's started and i think they're making good progress right now we're going through a lot of semittles submitting all their materials so with that going on pump station four is going to happen at the same site unfortunately they can't start that until the ground storage tank is completed because it's kind of in the way so we're going to have to put that off for a little while and then of course pump station three we just bid and um waste water plant we are going to start advertising September 20th for that for those bids so you know crossing our fingers that we have good participation and uh and we're working on the sugar mill pond upgrade finishing up the survey and then we'll start laying out and figuring out what servitudes we need if any and that's it well four i'm thinking you're going to have four bids for the sewer plant hope so that would be great itself the other project that doming savo's handling one of one of Susan's colleagues is the fortune road overlay project that's from bonan to basically probably just shy of young so highway that's a milling overlay on that road that's still scheduled to be let out i think in October in a couple weeks it's DOTDs i mean we're we're we're doing the cost share 20% of that job but it is that's a grant that we applied for years ago and it's it's it's now happening so all right any questions for Susan all right thank you appreciate it chief i just want to say uh first of all prayers for anybody who who was affected by the current hurricane that that is on the east side of us um but also in in you know my 22 years and all for some work several several hurricanes coordinated several hurricanes this is the first time in my current position that i've worked with the team with the city um and i want to give kudos to the mayor's office uh to Terry the the fourth thought the fall we're thinking to have everything in place you know a lot of citizens don't see the back end work the the things that are put in place signage things that are ready in case that hurricane gets as bad as that has gotten for other people but i'm here to tell you from my perspective working with this team and the things that they did it is barren on some of the best i've seen um that they're here for our citizens they're here for our city you know as law enforcement we just plan ahead our manpower make sure we have people on the road make sure we're here to work and help our citizens in the time of crisis but from a city perspective they do so many things on the front end that is actual work in and getting these things together to make our job easier and to make our job easier after the storms pass so thank you guys for all that and y'all did a fantastic job thank you chief appreciate it oh last thing uh national night out is on its way too sorry i got caught up in the hurricane this week that that's all i've been focused on national night out is coming uh basically bring bring your family bring your children we're gonna have a lot of events a lot of vendors a lot of local business owners um we're gonna be out there excuse me um games fun for children fun for the whole family we're gonna have uh typically i don't think we've solidified it yet but um kidding amulets usually brings their helicopter we have swat out there uh from life here sheriff's office that always helps us out we're gonna have all of our units our motorcycles um it is gonna be a sugar melt pond that evening uh watch our facebook page we're gonna be promoting it a little more but we're looking forward to seeing everybody out there it's always a great event we enjoy our citizens coming out and enjoying it with us thank you sir appreciate it Terry anything like to end okay uh just a couple announcements and then i'd invite the council to to buzz in if you have any announcements or any other staff members i'll come to you want to go ahead to no please have y'all met hailey just want to remind everybody that each sweet restaurant week is still going on you have until sunday to go and try out some of our local restaurants um if you haven't already started it may be hard to get 12 stamps for the grand prize drawing um which is the four hundred dollar gift card to mr. lester steakhouse with the complimentary night's day at cypress by you casino hotel um but you definitely have time to get six um i got two today uh real easy um so you can stop time for the six stamps is the prize drawing for the gift cards for the local restaurants uh so we do have packages we'll probably do four or five drawings uh for about a hundred dollars worth of local gift cards so please get out there show your support at the local restaurants if you don't have a passport um and you want one and you're here tonight let me know i can grab some for you at the desk um but if not you can pick them up at any of the participating restaurants uh or come back here to city hall during uh normal hours and pick them up thank you hailey and thank you sincerely for for spearheading this program heard good feedback about it and uh appreciate you uh jumping in and making it your own so look forward to having it again in the future uh just a couple things briefly and then i'll yield to the council members uh first i just wanted to give an update on uh another road project um you know i i talked about the guillibus shimmettory roundabout i think i may have shared with you before that the east milton project unfortunately was not selected this time for the grant funding that we were pursuing that was to increase the capacity on the east milton veterans roundabout uh but pam and i and uh i don't remember who else but oh Nicole did a debriefing with the grant team learn some learn some best practices that there would strengthen our application on that so uh pam's team is making the modifications we look forward to resubmitting that project uh the good news is that was really a design while the designs complete same as guillibus shimmettory that's really looking at our 2022 transportation plan for like our build out population growth similar to guillibus and east milton uh sorry similar to guillibus shimmettory we do think that there's potentially some interim improvements that we'll be able to do on that east milton corridor uh turning lanes as an example at least probably one uh ideally two will really help you know move traffic you know along there a little bit better until we get the entire project uh we until we can get the entire project uh awarded so we're going to continue to work on the big project and do some uh move towards doing some interim solutions in the meantime uh but on a positive note we did get uh we did get awarded for another one that we've been years in the making and that was at the four-way stop sign at south of rivier and uh north and south of rivier and uh 92 uh Matt said it best to me earlier this week i mean that was something that we did years ago i mean that used to be a very dangerous intersection uh it's a dott intersection it's not owned by the city of youngsville and it's even more complicated because it one of the quadrances the city limits are brusard uh but we tackled it with grant applications years ago uh dott decided to make it a safer intersection by doing the flashing light which actually it it did help but this week right about five o'clock or maybe it was last week i'm kind of confused on the days right now but uh i was probably 20 cars deep at that intersection so um we didn't lose sight of just still trying to do an improvement there we applied for a grant i think in may and we were just selected so very excited about that um and what's really exciting about it is that it was a it was a grant application that's being paid for by the private developer the BO group that owns the large empty track of property uh on that intersection so we were the lead applicant because we control well we don't control the intersection but our city limits kind of control the i guess geometry of it uh but it was cooperative with the city of brusard and the BO group so i want to publicly thank them uh the timing on that design is going to work uh he's going to coincide with the construction of Pam's project that she was talking about earlier so we really do what we have a myriad of things in design we really do try to put thought into not having too much under construction at one time this one will really just work out where construction on the Rivier south of Rivier will be next cat next year 2025 into probably 2026 and then this is going to follow up at the conclusion of that so i just wanted to point that out i want to echo what the chief said and just compliment our our team and our staff every time we have the opportunity to to do um i don't want to call it a drill because i mean you guys focus on three six i call a drainage 365 but i continue to be impressed by the leadership terrier that you've assembled in your department but not just stay across the entire uh city i mean tems team was already taken down the the wins win sales you know as soon as they got put up in uh chief same and uh chief revet as well was here within minutes of us calling a meeting so i do appreciate it all uh you know it's uh it's just a matter of time before we get affected more strongly you don't realize how close we are to vermilion bay you just got to look at a map and realize that it's just a matter of time for us but um i'm very impressed that at what not me but the team was able to put together uh in the invisible hand i like to say is churning the page so it doesn't have to be me sitting out there uh you know i watched terrier lead some meetings and i was impressed so thank you into Nicole for putting in the extra work and while vincense here i want to compliment his boss because it was uh had an opportunity to sit in the emergency operations center with now my third mayor president and uh it was different but it was different with the last one and it was different with the one before him too uh but uh i was i was overall impressed at uh mayor president uh bullay's administration she genuinely cared about uh the community and you know she had a shelter open and all these different things and whether we agree with it or not about doing it uh what i saw there was somebody who was compassionate and somebody who cared it was generally concerned about the well-being of the entire parish uh so that was that was nice to sit witness uh to her leadership there as well so that's all i have so thank you all for the opportunity to allow me to serve as your mayor anything? 5.76 percent so we're trending and i think that your eat sweet is also going to you know drive that continually so last year around this time uh you know we were we were starting to see that decrease so um i'm hopeful and you know that you're gonna see that increase that's right that good good good report thank you Catherine two months in uh just shy six percent up as you know uh the council we budgeted uh to have a flat sales tax increase so that's definitely encouraging uh the month this most recent month i think was up seven percent year over year and that same month last year was a decline so that was encouraging to see so thank you Catherine anything else anything from the council chief did you have anything else or did i just okay perfect miscreed um just to continue on about patch at the park it is going to be at the amphitheater and where we will have live music it's an all-day event from 10 to 6 and it's family friendly so please come out and hear some live music and enjoy the day with us with rotary club um of youngs you can find more in our facebook page yeah one one thing that's really well there's a lot of things that's great about it but what's really inspiring me is to see our community civic groups really taking so much initiative and lead i'm looking at Shannon because she was president of the Lions Club for years so whether it's rotary whether it's the Lions Club that morning in in October if you'll join us you'll see what the donation of the of the Lions Club has contributed which is such a major asset as part of the entire expansion area so to see to see the rotary the Lions Club and I really see that's going to be the future of a lot of what the community events at the amphitheater are going to be i look forward to hopefully having we've been doing a lot of brainstorming about it if you have any ideas please bring it to us we want to do you know of course community events we look forward to having some hopefully you know just a variety of things they have to kick it off with a with a community event like that i think is great so um miss jumpine yes thank you mayor i just wanted to remind everyone that on september 25th there's going to be a city council for all of our candidates to come in for the public to be able to come in and meet with them i see we have one of our council candidates here with us today and we have our chief of police candidates with us today so i look forward to seeing all of y'all in september 25th for the council and october second is the chief of police uh meet and greet it will be here at city hall i look forward to seeing all of you thank you ma'am uh and i guess finally how many times i'm going to say finally but this afternoon we we i was so sad to hear that we lost a somebody who i think has been a pillar in the building building community mr. gregg manual if you haven't heard he unfortunately was he he passed away in a plane crash uh taking off of lafayette airport earlier today um and he has he's just a leader in the home building industry uh his companies has home sites that they're actively building today very close to here actually sugarmopon phase 20 if you take a left out on iberia street his group is building the phase that's to the left so just keep him and his family in your prayers if you will so all right if any other business all right if there's no other business is their emotion to a journey motion all right emotion by mr. romero and miss baris has a second all in favor please say aye all right i'm meeting a jaren y'all have a great evening thank you so much good night