another another question? There's a couple of vacancies in the office now. I know this is a detective on Mark's unit, but there are a couple of vehicles in the unit. I mean, a couple of vehicles just trying to think ahead for, I mean, contingency planning. I know that's not probably ideal, but I mean, do you have or are there with your open positions that you have or I'm assuming there's a couple of Mark units that would be available? That is correct. Okay. But again, those are actually completely marked and actually the old vehicles not to use the black and white. How many unmarked vehicles do you have right now? Currently three. Three. And that's including this one that's far detectives that total or just far detectives. Just for detective three. And that's including this one. Well, four if I'm talking about the Chevy, that's on the parking lot. Is there any salvage? No, sir, we purchased that vehicle use from the state Louisiana. So. And that was supposed to be a temporary bandaid fix. And the bandaid is no longer sticking. Well, that's what I'm saying is those two vehicles could is there a market to sell those? Or is there pretty much at the end of their life? If we get 200 bucks per vehicle, we get a lot. And I'm not being sarcastic, but that's just the way it is because we didn't pay that much for those vehicles when we got. Oh, well, Mara, I will make a motion to amend the budget for the four 40,000 to purchase the vehicle. That includes the vehicle price as well as the equipment. Okay. So you're second there? Are you making the motion? Well, your motion it fails because I was asking a question. I wanted to ask a question. So I needed more information. Okay. Okay, I'll second, but I guess it doesn't look like a motion. Good way. All right, we have a motion and a second. Any council comment? Any public comment related to the acquisition or amendment of the budget? Yes, council member. Yeah, sorry. I didn't get to comment. Absolutely support having a vehicle. I think the right time is to budget for it. All of a sudden it just popped on our plate. It, you know, could have been several months ago if it was such a dire need. Not saying that your fault waiting to bring it to us at this time by any means. I will say I see probably more than any of these guys up here. First hand, what's our core dealerships? And inventory is a lot better allocated these days. I think I'd prefer to make sure we're going through the right process, budget for it because we're so close to it and go from there. There's just my comment on that. And have more data in front of you too. Is there any, is there any with budget fiscal year starting July