that we have something that other communities don't have. We have the interest in developing it. So we have an opportunity to capture it and to make it into something that we can all be proud of. And let me be clear for Ms. Montgomery, I'm not forced in progress on anybody, ma'am. I'm not the one who's selling any property to develop. I own the same house that I bought. I've owned one house at a time for 20 years that I've been fortunate to live in Young'sville. I'm not selling any property to make money off of it. I'm not selling any property to develop. You know where that comes from? People that have been here for generations that are choosing to sell their property. Every 60 acre track at a time. So that's what's happened. That's why Young'sville is developed. My job is to manage it into control the growth and progress. But I would suspect the same reason you moved here three years ago is the same reason that I may have moved here as well because it's a great place to live. But the moment, and we're all here because we care, but I want you to know we did deliver a notice to every resident of your neighborhood. And I'm counting less than 10 of you that are here. I'm counting not quite as many developers that own property there now. So if I'm going to have a takeaway from this as the guy who has to try to balance this, it's kind of hard to do because frankly, there is no ordinance on the table. Everything that you've seen, I've explained to you the progression of what had been allowed and what's not allowed anymore and how we've tried to raise the bar and raise the standard. Some of it because I've expressed, I see one of our developers in the back, Mr. Bryan. Mr. Bryan knows doing business in Young'sville, you come and you meet with this and believe me. I mean, you could have made more money on your parcel, had you not desired to do what you did. I mean, Mr. Bryan decided to build a acre-lod or half acre-lod neighborhood that's taken five, six years to build out. This gentleman could have flipped it and had it sold three times over to be 60 by 120 starter home lots. But that product was brought here and successful because we've tried our best to manage it, not because I've sold property or because, frankly, my job would be easier if I wasn't managing progress and development. So I just think it would be a missed opportunity to stop. I don't think stopping's the answer. I think it's, how do you manage it? That's why we're here. What can we do to help us? So he was correct. He is right. Who wants to build a high-end home next to a trailer? Who wants to buy a home that is the