other non operating utility type items that are shown last year netted out to about 619,000 this year 421,000 and for the budget year 433,000. The income or loss in this case, it's considered to be a loss or deficiency at this line item is 17 million actual number last year. It's 2.2 million dollars for the current year and it's 36 million dollars for the budget year. So you might say how are we going to fund that? You look at it, you can see last year we issued 5 million dollars of bonds. This year the issuance of bonds is 23 million 590,000. Okay? And next year forecasted at 12 million 780,000 dollars. So if you add those three years of proceeds from issuance of bonds or from the DEQ revolving loan, you're talking about 41.7 million dollars of totals there for the three years. Of course the transfers between funds, those balance all because all you're doing is transferring some of your money from one fund to the other for accounting purposes. And you can see the bottom line, I'm going to look at the third to last line item, the very much bottom line for the city last year. It showed a deficit. We used some surplus money and we spent $11 million more than what our revenues were for the current for last year. That's an actual number. This year with the issuance of the bonds and all of this, you're going to end up with a $21 million quote unquote surplus or excess I should say. And in next year we're going to spend that bond money of $23 million, you're going to have a $23 million deficiency for next year. Now let me just mention to you that and I've always done this is you know that's governmental accounting. But let's look at it and say okay what is the operational surplus for the city? And I've already given you that you don't have that in here but we've computed it. And what I've done with this, I'll take the $11 million for example and with that $11 million, I'm going to add back the capital outlay because it's not recurring. I'm going to also deduct out of it any bond proceeds that we get okay. So I'm taking out the extraordinary items and trying to look at it from an operational standpoint of the city. Well last year of the actual number for $22 you had a surplus, an operating surplus of $6.2 million and then in $24 and $23 for this year's current year that we're in is going to end tomorrow. It looks like again taking that same scenario, the $21 million surplus and then deducting out the bond proceeds and any kind of debt or grants that we got and then but adding back the capital outlay you end up with a $3 million surplus for this current year. Next year doing the same scenario you end up with