All right. All right. Good evening, everyone. This meeting is called to order. Today is Thursday, April 13th. The time is 6 p.m. For our invocation, I'd like to invite Pastor Joe Cormier from First Assembly Young'sville to lead our invocation. And then if you please remain standing, this evening our pledge will be led by Council Woman's Champagne. Thank you so much, Mayor and Council. I'll just take a moment and read from Romans chapter 13. It says, let everyone be subject to the governing authorities. There's no authority except that which God has established. So Heavenly Father, we thank you for your establishment of government. We thank you that we honor you here in this great city, Lord. I pray just your blessings upon our meeting today. Lord I pray for a spirit of unity, a spirit of peace, a spirit of understanding, and most of all, Lord, a spirit of humility as we lead this city with the grace of God or with the understanding that we can't do this without you. So we thank you for that. Lord, I pray just your blessings upon our mayor, upon our city council, upon our police chief, our fire chief, and all of those who are involved in public works. Lord, bless their families. Keep them safe as they administrate their jobs. Lord, I pray that you give them the wisdom, the insight to make sound biblical, godly decisions. Lord, let everything be balanced by the word of God. Lord, let everything be balanced by the words of Jesus. Lord, when we make decisions that we make decisions for a city, not based on our personal, or in our own thoughts, but on your thoughts. So Lord, I just pray your blessings over our meeting. I ask that you be with us to hear tonight as we discuss, deliberate, and appoint. Lord, let them, let this be your work here today. And pray all these things in Jesus' precious name. Amen. Amen. In the wild, I am the United States of America. And to the republic, which stands for one nation under our end of Israel, with liberty and justice for all. All right. We'll get evening everyone and welcome again. I would like to extend a special hello to our president and CEO of the Lafayette Economic Development Authority and the director of business retention and expansion, Miss Mandy Mitchell and Mark Mooton that are here in the audience over here. Hello to both of you. I also want to give a special congratulations to the newest commissioner, our director. I'm not sure what they're designated as of the Lafayette Economic Development Authority. The area mayors joined together and have appointed Miss Pam Grange to fill the vacancy on that board seat. So, Pam, congratulations and Mandy and Mark are happy to see you today. And then also, I just want to acknowledge that our mayor president has his representative here, Mr. Doyle-Bouge, and the audience with this