and I don't know if you said that the wastewater treatment plants also going to be later this year. So we're going to have a lot of water and sewer infrastructure projects underway. Right. So any questions for Susan relative to any of those updates. All right. All right. Thanks Susan. The other road project I didn't give an update on as you all know we've talked and we also have I guess it could be described as probably 95. Somewhere between 95 and 100% plants for the East Milton widening project that project we did put out for a federal grant that was known as raise our ISE grant. Those awards were issued by the 27th of June. Unfortunately we didn't make this round we have the opportunity to submit again for next year. This as you'll know is adding the second circulating lane to the veterans round about it. Shem and Metery and East Milton and then also doing a widening project from South St. Blaze to I can't remember the name of the street what's the one right by CVS going to opa so. But anyway that street kind of by feel Christ roughly but similar to Shem and Agriab I think what I'm going to recommend that we do there is see if we can have some. I call them quick wins but in government and lingo it's probably not a quick win to look and see if we can do a churning lane or two off of East Milton until like Metery Center and then possibly if we can if we can fit it you know on to is it Brookdale. You know something because as we've talked about before I mean typically you know one person taking a left that doesn't want to use the round about. Is enough to back up traffic so we're hoping that maybe we can look at let's do something on an interim basis while we have the full design we're going to continue to pursue grand dollars for that project that that project is actually it's pretty complex and it's pretty expensive because unlike. Young's a highway this one has significant amount of utilities and also some right away acquisitions so but it's a great project great design as you all know is in the transportation master plan. But that transportation master plan was really looking at our 30 year population growth so I think any improvements that we do on an interim basis will help bridges over until we have the long term funding for the main event there. So all right Terry anything that you like to okay. Catherine. Good. Tim. Yes. I see. Under our sports program and the Sugar Beach volleyball summer league is continuing. Our girls indoor volleyball is registered to the end of into this month. Our girls indoor volleyball camps are coming starting July 16th and they'll take place for a three week period. F and A football the fall league