asking about the dollars. And I feel Ben's cringe a little bit when anytime. I mean, that's been on the market a while maybe, I mean, obviously I know you want us to act on it tonight. Maybe it's we regroup and sit with Ben and crunch some more numbers or something. I mean, I know the sports complex fund talking to you last week. And asking our director for his list that he absolutely had to have. And there were two items not all know that I know we need. No, it's a thin list because of dollar amounts when we, you know, when we're not going to return softball fields or some other things. So that's my concern when that fund is so tight because it's always been very healthy for us. It's all right. Other other thoughts or. No, I think it's a phenomenal idea. I mean, I would love to see this in our community. I guess when it comes down to it, I'm thinking just over the past, I don't know, maybe six to 12 months. We've discussed the budget was the matches that we're going to have for the sports complex, young so highway. We put on hold staffing hiring for police and fire department for budget restraints. I think that those are some really big priorities. When we look at economic standpoint, how much revenue may generate. Do we want to cut back funding on the sports complex, which we both all know that's probably going to generate a whole lot more than a historical society. And I also think I had already made a preconceived notion that I envisioned this to be any an ex building. Maybe that's just where we were all at with it. So maybe I want to make sure we can that that resolution is done before we move on to something else. The home is beautiful. I guess I'd be almost sad to see that some of the things we removed that are there to be transitioned into a historical society home because it's a beautiful home. I don't know. There's a lot of budget discussion. I think we need to have about this before we pull the trigger on that. I would hate to do remiss if we didn't focus some other some other tensionies in the city that have been begging for before we, you know, we move on that. Could you get us some of the cops that you found so that we can just kind of sure a little bit more and see what would, you know, possibilities back. And we can just email out to the mayor and he can send them out to people. Mara, I think this warrants at least the 21 day time period, you know, where we can do the intelligence period. Just to make sure. Obviously we're just hearing about it. I know. But I think that if there's a deposit and then, you know, we can