you All right. Good evening, everyone. It's 5.45 Thursday, August 8, 2024. This is a public hearing. This evening on the agenda is a request for preliminary platter approval of Sugar Mopon, face 10c located in section 12, T 11s, R4E. Council in your packet this evening is a letter from Pam Grange after her review of the preliminary platter that's being proposed for you tonight. And then also here representing the developers, Lucas Snepper. So let Pam share some highlights of her letter. And then we'll hear from Lucas if he's got anything to share. And then we'll certainly open it up for any any comment or questions at that point. So Pam. Thank you, Mayor. Council. This particular. It's called 10c Sugar Mopon, 10c. It's another phase that backs up to one of the other phases of Sugar Mopon. So we've had a B in now we're at C. We recommend the approval of this preliminary platter subject to the following comments and to the attached ADRC comments. So we recommend no waivers to the five plat revisions in the ADRC reports, everything in the ADRC report we want them to do. We need them to add a note that sidewalks are required along all city streets. We need them to include all the names and addresses of the adjacent property owners. Show all utility easements with dimensions and anything that is that becomes a private right of passage. As you know, most of them have the alleys, the alleys become private rights of passage with utilities and sometimes drainage as well. We recommend no waivers to the 11 plat conditions that are in the ADRC review, most of them or the same thing, you know, contact them for addresses. And then the rest of it is all of our standard again, making sure that 25 year detentions what we do, Sugar Mopon has done a master plan with regards to all of their detention. So that's always being taken care of as they do different phases. And sometimes it's done on the front end. So just to let you know that we still that they they are under the 25 year detention. And, and of course, we always work with them on water and sewer that there is adequate water and sewer. And that we will take over it once they go through all the potting. There's nothing else that makes this anything that stands out from any other phase that they've done. So I we don't have a whole lot of other comments. It's just a small part of one of their phases. I don't know if you want any questions before I don't know if Luke just do have anything that you want it to add or share with this. Yeah, come on up. Hello, not sure if it actually matters because this is from LCG's ADRC report, but condition one does specify the 10 foot utility servitudes on public roads. Obviously Sugar Mopon's a