program must perform Plants for the elevated storage tank to be constructed at the at the city's property at 440 day-tonne road and waterline interconnections throughout the city are complete and we are addressing LDH comments for permitting All right any any questions about any of the domains that those projects No, I think uh I mean the water and sewer upgrades are going through a lot of a lot of checks and balances because of the funding sources that we're receiving but uh I think I mean It's just part of the process. Yeah and the The rate studies holding up a good bit of projects We're just waiting for them to assign a firm to to do the rate study. Yeah, so what it is is the department of health has to has to Uh initiate a rate study. I guess to make sure that our rates are deserving of Receiving there like that we're charging adequate rate. We believe we are we set our rates To get this program, but I think it's just a validation. That's another checkbox. That has to be it has to be done. So All right. Thank you. Sorry. Appreciate the update Um Okay I just have a couple of dates uh mayor on the two projects the dog park and veterans Park dog park we should be seeing fencing in the next couple of weeks on the perimeter It's kind of keep everybody out and that type stuff uh the veterans park we have uh The inflow pipes to set uh the other two structures have been set so the drainage components just but finished Um, so we should start Being able to get a contract is in for the concrete park sidewalks and that So it's it's all coming together But we appreciate now those are going to be great great projects um, so It's it's great. I don't I don't want to take councilman stands raised Thunder, but I know that they're working with the veterans aligns to to to move a brick campaign forward there um Just one comment about parks and drainage and how they're how they're merging together Now that the fortune road Project is is nearing completion as far as excavation Our office is getting some inquiries about how that will be used as a park and what's the future of it It's right next to fortune hills neighborhood We've discussed it internally, you know that it would just be a passive green space Park, you know open to the community passive green space park. What does that mean? It's kind of a 12-foot 12-foot asphalt trail Access road as really what I should call it because that's what it was that's how it's being funded through the federal government and access road But it can be used as a walking exercise trail around the 18 acre site But any Permitted decision we're just trying to get through the drainage component today The excavations largely