guide more best practices. I would describe this. Thank you. Nicole, from your standpoint, does this need to be like an ordinance form or a resolution or it's just the doubt. There's a doubt? I make a motion to adopt the council rules policies. I'll second. All right. Motion stands very second by Mr. Romero. Any other comments from the council? It is a council vote, so we would encourage, or we would welcome public comment if there is any. All right. If there's none, Ms. Gaydrup, please call the vote. Ms. Raya? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansbury? Yes. Mr. Shampon? Yes. Thank you. It's in item 6.1 resolution 2023, 0-3 resolution requesting additional funding from the Lafayette Parish Council for the Young's will volunteer fire department for fire protection services outside of the Young's will city limits. I asked for this resolution to my colleagues. In reviewing the call log for 2022, the Young's will fire department responded to 30% of their calls were outside of the city limits, yet 97% of the funding comes from a direct appropriation from this governing body from our taxpayers. I'll be it. We have we drastically increased. We've taken a lot of steps forward with our fire department. Earlier during some of the some of the break, I just made a couple of notes. Since the last year and a half, the Young's will fire department has a new pay plan. We've increased staffing from 12 to 18 full-time officers. We have improved their retirement. This council has provided for additional equipment, new apparatuses. I don't want to steal anyone's thunder, but we have a new ladder truck coming that our fire department went and did the final inspection that'll be being delivered soon. And then also we secured land for our station through as our city continues to grow. We're coming up on our budget year. Our fiscal year ends June 30th. We're going to be preparing our budget for July 1st. And I'm of the position that we have got to get a better handle on the money that is coming to this to their department for services outside this outside of the city limits of Young's will. I'm looking for a little direction. I guess from our colleagues and friends on the parish council is fire protection important for the unincorporated residents of Lafayette parish. Because if it is, we need to work together and find a solution to fund our department adequately. Because I'm of the opinion that the free ride and the philanthropy needs to end. There's a reason I do feel my heart goes out to anyone that we're responding to outside of the corporate limits of our city. But I don't know that any of them are feeling bad when I'm paying my property tax every year that's dedicated for fire protection in the city of Young'sville. So what I'm asking for is just to raise awareness because the in order