sign will actually be, I think in the information you have, it says 10 by 40, but the signs will actually be 12 feet high by 40 feet long. Each one, the additional two feet is for a header at the top. There will be promoting the capital campaign. And then each sign will have 50 slots that can be purchased by local businesses, or a total of 100 slots total. And that's what we are asking for the variance for. Welcome any questions that any of you might have. Any council comments or questions for Deacon? Ken Ed, thank you. We look forward to the church and the remodel and everything. I mean, we love in this project. Were there any other ideas thrown out as far as fundraising ideas? Oh, we've had a lot of them. We've done a lot of different things. I guess I said, this is really, to give you an idea, and we don't mind sharing the information, because we just got the final numbers in. The total project cost is going to be right about $17 million. Our capital campaign so far has raised just under $8 million. And we project that this project, if we're allowed to do so, would raise about another $250,000, $230,000 to $250,000, which would push us over our $8 million goal. So we've had all sorts of, from very small projects, we've had the fund run for Father's birthday, 60th birthday. We've had a number of different things. My question is how robust or permanent, like structurally, will this sign be? We have a professional contractor that has drawn up the plans. I don't have those with me, but my understanding that the polls are going to be 4 feet in the ground. And it's going to be very, very stable, because we have to consider wind and all those sorts of things. Absolutely. You're going to be there for two hurricanes, seasons at least. Exactly. So we want to make sure that it's very well constructed. Has there been any discussion? I know Count Lundstand's very mentioned about fundraising ideas, but different sizing of the sign, because what you're coming to us for is almost eight times the normal, allowed size. And now I'm hearing it's actually 80 feet bigger than what we were told with the extra two feet on top. I mean, that's almost 500 square feet per sign. We've looked at different options, and numbers certainly open to other options, but because of, we want to place it on the front edge of the roads, and fairness to the businesses. And we also, one of the things, we looked at placing smaller signs at different locations. Part of the discussion why we were opposed to that is because we want to be fair to the businesses. Some locations obviously have better viewing and more traffic. So to be fair, that's why we thought two signs located right next to each other, but angled