as well, right into them. So it's added bonus a couple of residents who do live at the entrance of the park. They were really concerned about people parking. I said, they're not going to be parking there. They're going to have a parking lot. I did tell everyone I said, if I lived right next to it, I would be happy with it. I would be okay with it because I know it's not going to be an issue. So I would just let everybody have, you know, a couple of months to digest it after it's open. I really do think it's going to be a great thing. Thank you, Kenny and Council for this project, Pam, phenomenal flood mitigation number one props to all of y'all. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you so much. Councilor Ramirez. I want to compliment our mayor, our parks and director director who's not here at Robyshow and assistant chief, actually, for two or three years as projects, kind of been in the works with Pam and y'all. I think the mayor is sick and tired of talking to me on it. I know our director of parks and recreation probably is. I've had some conversations with Nick. The residents that are listening to tonight and who have reached out to us, rest assured, he is going to slow roll anything out there. Most of our parks have all the amenities, have a playground out there, have some kind of exercise equipment or talk about Frisbee golf, other things, all those things are being put on hold on this park because at the end of the day, it's not only a flood project. And if there's needed more down the road, sure, it can be done. That's why gates will be on it. You'll have park police who are very highly skilled to open and close it when need be. And if anything needs to be changed, I guarantee you this council is going to know very quickly. And I'm sure the mayor is going to let us know. So I hope any of the residents that reach out to us are listening in or that are still here. And I know that it's not going to be anything taken lightly. They're going to get job with this. Thank you, miss champagne. Yes, thank you, mayor. I know we talked a little bit about construction. Fortunately, this is not complete yet. Can you speak a little bit because we've had questions about the punch list. Yes. You know, maybe debris the road being too high is holding water in some places. So can you just address the punch list please? Oh, coming with what I thank you, ma'am. I'll come in with what I know and then you know if I miss anything I'll ask Pam. So right now the drainage components are fully functioning. We still need to do some hydro seeding to ensure I mean the banks are beautiful there.