that time. Anyone who doesn't have his private cell phone number obviously doesn't participate very much in Youngspeale anything. And I know that that's not a very common thing for officials who are voted in. When I would go and walk in the park in the morning, that was me and an elderly lady and I'd notice vehicles and I'm like what are all those vehicles and she's like oh that's that's chief he sends the troll to make sure we're okay because there's no lights or the lights weren't on yet. It was really dark. I do have some difference of opinions but I do not understand that Ricky loves this job and he loves the community and I really think it's going to kill him because he's hard headed but he loves this job and that's why I voted for him. I believe in him. I may not like every decision he makes but one thing I found out about Ricky is if I have a difference of opinion, I can talk to him and he is very composed. He takes in what I have to say but if he thinks it's right there's no moving him. He is a rock and to me I believe that is someone who cannot be bought, who cannot be black male and who has done an amazing job for this community. He has been there when I've seen a very young girl just starting learn how to drive picking up her little sister off the bus at 3 in the afternoon, went in the ditch in front of my row. There was Ricky Johnny on the spot helping the young girl. She's crying. He's been an amazing part of this community even though you may not like some of the choices he makes, I feel that we voted this man in. We voted someone who is a steady rock and who is always there for the community. Thank you. Thank you Miss Fiatara. Appreciate your comments. Mr. Edward Duga. Hi, good evening Miss Duga. I think you got a mail from me this week, Mayor and the Franklin, please do. I have since the 1st of March tried 10 times and I have a phone log of it to have him call me to complain about a police officer that's under him. He has not responded to me after 10 times. I literally sent a certified letter to the Mayor and the police chief last week requesting them to call me. He still is not responding. All I ask is for him to call me so I can handle an issue I had with his police officer. 10 times, not even a decent thing to call me back. I was asked for a body pin. I was told that they don't have body pins of that night because y'all have an issue with the camera department, whoever's overseeing. When I asked for a copy of the issue, the call, I was