We're bringing it in. Not on the wall. It started? All right. All right. Good evening, everyone. Heaven had a preliminary plat in a while. So happy to be hearing one. Just one item this evening for the preliminary plat, preliminary plat approval of Paradise Plaza, located in section 12, T11S, R4E. And Pam, you're reviewing it for us. Nice to see you. Yes, I'm back. I don't know if that's good or bad. Oh, we have a plat. Oh, ready? Okay. All right. Thank you, Mary and Council. All right. We have Paradise Plaza, which of course is on Shaman Metery Road. Next to Ascension for those who, I don't know if you have a, do you have it to display? Okay. All right. So we recommend approval of this preliminary plat. We recommend no waivers to the five plat revisions that were in the ADRC review. We require a note on it that says sidewalks along all city streets, which is part of our ordinances. We're also, and I did talk to the engineer, to include detention area for each lot. If you notice there's five lots, and we want to make sure that the far south lot has the ability to be able to drain to the Cooley, and that we don't change the fact that everything drains to the, everything drains to the west and actually to the north to that channel. So we recommend that they provide the detention so that everybody has that cross drainage. Please revise the plat. No, there's a note currently that says 10 foot utility sidewalk and drainage servitude, and we want that to just be a utility servitude. So what we do not want is sidewalks on top of water lines. And so we do the sidewalk can be just on the inside of your right away, which is where we would prefer it. So we don't want the easement dedicated to sidewalks or utilities. We recommend waving condition for the ADRC report. That's the typical one where they put their drainage requirements, and we waive that to supersede it with our drainage requirements for our 25-year storm. We recommend no waivers to the remaining five conditions. We, the street addresses shall be included on the plat. All of the rest is our typical language with the exception of number 15. So the other one is, you know, it's all about, you know, we do have water and sewer available for them to connect to, but on number 15 to maintain a safe traffic flow. We recommend that they do their driveway to line with Pebble Lane. And any additional driveways that they were to request, we're stating they should only be one more, and it should be right in, right out. You guys can take it on a case-by-case basis, but we don't want additional cross-accesses across that median, because right now, you know, we want to keep the traffic flow. So that's our recommendations. I just wanted