it doesn't matter what the lot lines are because a lot lines could be zero as long as the setback of the whole properties, what you want or you require in setbacks within each different lot that he would do because it will make a difference. That's, that's my question. You don't have to answer but that's, that's when you, when you clarify the variance or we clarifying it based on the property as a whole or each individual lot when he would do it. If you would allow zero lot lines, you know, with no setback but it's the overall property you want the five, the 10, instead just so that we have the direction. Right. So it would go, it would go on the entire parcel. Not correct. Yeah, not only individual. Yeah, yeah, yeah, since that's one of the ones he's asking for, just so long as we clarify it, we don't want to hold him up if we don't know when everybody in just specific, what the, I guess, Matt, I know you would like to say to go through each one. Yeah, the, okay, density. Yeah. Okay, well then I'll, I'll save my comment about that, you know, because I was talking about with, with setbacks in general, what we really did, I mean, you know, if it's a traditional single-family residential, we're talking like 20 in the front, 10 in the back, five on the sides. This was a, you know, when you, we basically put 20 feet in all directions so that you would hear these type of, you would hear about them and it wouldn't just show up and what are they, what are they doing there? I didn't know. It's an ask and my response like, oh, they didn't want to subdivide it, you know, so that, that was a trigger that I don't, we put it in here, but I think I'm not surprised that the developers asking for a waiver on that because I really think this was a, the ordinance was an intent, I believe it with the intention of your ordinance was to say, you know what, we know that this is a trend, but it's not one that we've really seen here, you know, and everybody needs a traditional three-bedroom, two-bath house. So this was kind of like, you know what, let's talk about it. And I think that's kind of where we are. Matthew, did you have a, I was going to do some on. Let me get your microphone, please, some on. All right, yes, ma'am. Thank you. So you're considering selling them as of right now. So I told Ken when I first reached out that I wanted to kind of explore all the options based on how this variance situation went, and then we would decide at that point, do we sub-divide, or do we just leave it as a whole? Obviously, if the, the goal would be to renim all, I