as the sports complex operation. And then my dad will step up and he will talk about the operation. The city has a whole as well as a few handouts. So a couple of opening comments as far as the opinion on the financial statements and it's a cleaner unmodified opinion. This is the best opinion we can give as CPAs and this is the opinion you've seen in prior years. We did meet with the administration before the year end and went over the audit results and some other things. And one of those things was some verbal comments we had. We had five verbal comments this year. That's an improvement over last year and we had seven verbal comments. So those are wise to the level of needing to be discussed here in this meeting, but I just want to make the comment that we are seeing improvement within the accounting function within some of the processes for the city of Young's Dome. You do have the refindings within this audit report. They are the exact same three findings you had in the audit report last year. In meetings with the administration and discussing them, we feel as though it's reasonably possible that two of the three can be resolved during this fiscal year and 24 and hopefully we're standing here a year from now instead of three findings within the audit report, we're down to two or possibly even one. So I think we're seeing progress on all fronts. I don't know if you have any. You'd like to add, Mayor. No, I think as we continue to build out our accounting function, of course, when we now as our CFO, I mean, one of them is relative to adequate segregation of duties. We're determined. We're committed to making that modification, some of which we've begun the process. So that's some time ago. So we'll just have to continue to demonstrate and take step forward relative to that. One is relative to account reconciliation and we have some, we've used the consolidated cash function of our city for probably six, seven years now, but where we are accepting the recommendation of not only Miss Craig, but also our auditors. It's probably best to untwine some of that because it also makes account reconciliation easier. So we've taken preliminary steps to do that. And then the final one was about a bank audit. I don't know. So having someone on staff that can draft this financial state. Correct. And so most governments have that because they don't have a CPA on staff that could put together this huge report in accordance with Gap. So most have it. That's why when I said I feel like y'all can resolve two of them. So one, I don't feel like y'all are going to resolve is that one. And even a management response, it says, y'all feel as if it was a cost benefit. It's better to outsource it to us.