discussion. But in 2014, an elected chief of police chief dies from the UNICE Police Department sent a letter to the Attorney General Louisiana requesting an opinion as to whether or not the UNICE Fire and Police Civil Service Board and or the Board of Alderman for the City of UNICE have the authority to initiate and conduct an investigation of an elected chief of police for the City of UNICE. With respect to this opinion, at least at this point in time, with the Attorney General at that time, his staff and his attorneys at work for him were, came to the conclusion that a mayor and a Board of Alderman, which in this case we have a mayor and a City Council, are not authorized under the Laws and Act to conduct an investigation of an elected chief of police and his police department. So again, I will share this opinion with y'all. Obviously you can discuss it with your city attorney if there are other opinions. Now you have a right. If you want, you can say this is a big issue for the City of Youngsville and you as a City Council in America can say, dear Attorney General Jeff Landry, we're about to embark upon an investigation of the police department with an elected chief of police, we're a Laws and Act community. Do we have the authority and what concerns me, Moth, is that you're going to be expanding public dollars. You're going to be expanding public tax dollars. So if this ultimately ends up in litigation and you spent however much money, I don't know what firms Mr. Tronheim is spoken with. I have no idea what it costs for law firms with lawyers at $300 an hour to come and investigate a police department. I think it's going to be a substantial expenditure and I would just encourage you to if you're committed to pursuing that course of action, then a request an opinion from the Attorney General. He can give you his interpretation of the Laws and Act to take in state whether or not he believes under Louisiana law. At the time it's far. Thank you. May I respond to you? Yes sir. The opinion that your referencing George was sent to the Council on April 1st of this year. As you know, an Attorney General opinion is advisory only. It is not a binding opinion. It is not the rule of law. That opinion your referencing also has no specific backs as pointed out by the Attorney General who wrote it. So there's a distinguishing characteristics in that opinion as well as the fact that it's advisory only. For your concern, the public Fisk, Chief has retained Council. We have had two or three meetings and we're looking down the road of a declaratory action to determine whether this is a possible avenue before embarking on the road to retaining a firm. So we feel that if we go