 Absolutely, absolutely, whatever you guys need. Okay, we'll be in touch. Thank you. Thank you. All right agenda item 6.2 is to discuss and consider a mini the 2024 2025 sports complex fund budget in the amount approximate of 126,000 for bridge repairs and bulkheading at the sports complex. I'll just maybe speak to it high level and I think Terry can certainly comment more Tim as well. Council in the budget there's 60,000 that you've approved in the budget for replacing the wood decking of the bridge that goes from the soccer parking lot into the soccer fields. So what we would like to do is replace it with a composite material on the bridge. We'd put a placeholder of 60,000 at the time. That quote has come in for more. But then also once the contractor was out and under further review there, there's some deterioration below the bridge that Terry's recommending with the contractor that we do a bulkhead, basically under the bridge to help shore up the supporting of the bridge. And that's what the request is tonight and that's what the additional 126,000 would be the replacement of the composite bridge decking. And I think is it just the decking or is it more than that, do you all know? I think it's pretty much all the decking. Okay, the decking. And Terry, you're welcome. So what we're gonna do is actually replace the decking with the composite similar to the walk in path here by the horse arena. And that kind of gets rid of your maintenance throughout. If not you go with wood, you're gonna have to treat it every year, you got to make sure you're rotting this and that. So it's a better application. So basically, I don't wanna say maintenance free because nothing's maintenance free, but the life of it's gonna be a lot longer. The bulkheading is because what's going on is a lot of erosion on that pond throughout. So underneath the bridge you have, even though you have structurally some, but as you get off the bridge, the concrete part, you're losing all the dirt underneath it. It's eroded away. So we have to put a bulkheading to reclaim that and get it back as a, you know, to where it's safe to cross. So that's the additional cost. So what's the total? The total, well, we have 60 budgeted and we're asking for additional 126. So my appreciation is that it would be the sum of those two. Okay. So the request tonight is to supplement the budget of 126,000. The goal with your approval would be, Tim's identified some time that would be least disruptive. I think which would be November to January timeframe. And that's the conversations that they're having with your approval, and they would move forward with getting all the work done, you know, at the same time. Okay. Ms. Champagne. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you, ma'am. Is there a second? Second by Councilwoman Creed. Any public comment? Any council comment? Any further discussion? Can Ms. Gidry please call the vote on the amendment? On the budget amendment. Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Ms. Farris. Yes. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you, council. The agenda item 6.3 is to discuss and consider a menu of the 2024-2025 budget in the amount approximate of 200,000 to increase funding for repairs to the Giat road, Shim and Metri Parkway roundabout. I'm going to let Pam talk about this one, and I'll fill in the room where we're needed. Nana sy noissette your best friend on that list. Okay. We're going to give you two diagrams in front of you. And one was showing what we were originally doing. So we were doing an interim full depth patch within the traveling of the roundabout. And we were doing full depth patches in area. Everybody knows we have some really bad areas there. And then we were going to overlay basically from scene to scene. What you see in front of you, that was the original roundabout extents. And so for those of you that are on the councilor, have been with the city when we did the 2015 to 2016 roadway improvements on Shimemet, Metery. When we pulled out the old base, and we pulled out all the limestone, and we went back with a four inch of asphalt, and 12 inches of base, and 12 inches of subgrade. We stopped right at the extents that you see on the west side of this roundabout. And this roundabout was never repaired. And any of the repairs we ever did on Shimemet, Metery. When we did the 2024 roadway improvements, at the same time, we were trying to get funding for an ultimate double lane roundabout there that is designed. The state has not been as fast on the funding through capital outlay program as we would have liked. And in light of this and the condition of the roadway, we looked, we didn't want to just do the full depth patching. We definitely, the Mayor and I talked, and we wanted to make sure, are we looking at every possible scenario? As you know, one of the issues associated with people not like an asphalt roundabout is the pushing as everybody, as the 18-willers and big trucks go around. Fortunately, there are new materials these days. And so in looking at what we could do, that's nowhere near a concrete, the cost of a concrete repair. But a repair that's more than a temporary one, knowing it could be years before we have the funding for the ultimate roundabout that we have, we recommend going through and doing the four with the 12 and 12, like we did the rest of Schumann mattery, but also adding, there's a new additive that you can put into the asphalt that helps with friction. It's similar to like Kevlar, you have in Kevlar, if I ask, they call it a fiber. And it adds only on the top layer, it's a little bit more expensive, like 10% more. So you talk about $10 or $15 more. I think we figured out it was like a $10,000 total additional cost to add this fiber, which is really not in the grand scheme of things compared to going to concrete, which is hundreds of thousands of dollars more. So what we're asking here, and what we put in the cost estimate you're going to have in the front, the total ask on this change order is 198,000 that also includes, we did have to do some repair to a couple of spots before we did the asphalt on Valesco because we had some bad material in the native soils. So we had to do some additional stabilization. So with that, and the difference in the roundabout, the change order would be 198,000 to get something more permanent and to put this roundabout in the same typical section that is removing all limestone with all those extents that you have. And basically repair it to the same way we did the rest of the road, which is holding up a lot more than the original one. And just, again, to remind people, this roundabout has been open for almost 14 years with the design life on that typical section that was less than that. So it's done well, it's performed well, considering all of the traffic from a standpoint of construction and the 18-wilters we now have with this building that is the grocery store and a gas station. So I think this typical section, it'd be much like what we did when we're waiting on funding for La Rivier and Bona and others and then just making something that's gonna hold up a little bit longer. So that's our recommendation. So, well, I'll pause to see if any questions. So what we were, I mean, Pam's exactly right. What we were doing, we have intentionally really delayed more permanent repairs to the center section because we were seeking grant funding for a complete rebuild. Our 2022 transportation plan show that we would have a double lane roundabout there. Well, Pam's exactly right. I mean, La Rivier, we had to do a, you know, an interim solution to get to where we're, at the end of this year, bidding out the permanent solution on La Rivier. I think right now, the earliest time that we would have additional funding from the state to be able to move forward on this would at the earliest be this time next year. And I just, of the opinion that this intersection really shouldn't, it's lasted 14 years. But rebuilding it today to the same section that is on shim and mettery that was built in 2015, I think will give us the appropriate amount of length of life duration here to that way we can do the permanent solution there. When it puts us more in the driver's seat, we can get the funding secured long term. We can build a more permanent solution today. Primary complaint, as you'll know about that intersection, is really the deterioration of it. Usually after wet weather, we can see the limestone pumping out of it. And it's really just at a point where the repairs of it are beyond what we can do in house. And of course with your, you know, assuming your approval this evening, we'd really like to look at timeliness. Is it still? The contractor told me last night what they're anticipating is that the east-west traffic would always be open. They would need to close north and south. And if they could start on it Monday and have weather like we've had, they'd be done in 30 days. 30 days, north-south closed. With north-south closed, they'd be done in 30 days if we have weather like what we've had. We won't. Just because I said that. Just because I said that. But if not, it would be probably six weeks. Yeah. So, okay, so just, I mean, just for full clarity, we'll miss you on my knowledge. Well, you and Pam both answered a couple of my questions. One was time frame, traffic lanes closed and opened. So we don't affect those businesses as well as our school traffic, right? And then the dollars, you address the dollars. It can we take this from the 2024 roadway fund project? We just... Project fund? No. The 2024 road fund was using the remaining ARPA dollars, which was approximately 900,000. In this job series for 2024 was bid, basically right at that limit. So we would have to use 1968 sales tax or our bond issue, which we, our sales tax bond issue that we did intended to be the match for roadway projects over the next three plus years. So just not from the 2024 roadway project, we were using ARPA dollars and we're just, we're out of those. Okay. Well, I'd like to make the motion to approve amending this motion to take it from the roadway project that you just described. Okay. Thank you, Ms. Champagne. Ms. Paras. Second. Second. Okay, so just to... There's never a good time to do road construction. So I mean, the... We targeted next week. When we, of course, when we started this conversation, we were really just trying to do more professional patching. I guess if you will, full depth patching of that intersection on the travel lanes and we targeted doing it next week while school was out for Thanksgiving break, or I'm sorry, fall break. But that's what really started the further conversation about just if we're just doing the travel lane Pam's riding for those in the audience, you can see the extent of the project would really make it a more seamless, continuous project. So if you're traveling south on Guillard as an example, just south of Gofresh is basically the limits of our road. It becomes a state road there. There's a state sign, 89 there. So this project would go to the limits of that project. So our asset would be in great shape to the state picks it up there. So it is a more extensive project that has been a long time line. But I mean, this intersection has come up frequently and it's been a thorn. And it's come up in a lot of conversation about how to handle it. Filesco Crossing did just open this week, which is a North artery out of Sugar Ridge, which is 450 homes. So I guess who would be inconvenienced in this largely would be south of Sugar Ridge, south of Sugar Ridge along Guillard would have to take alternate routes to that it takes Shimon Agriab to Dayton. Dayton. Yeah, or those that want to take long in A can take long in A to low year. Okay. So. All right. And then Shimon Agriab is going to be ready to be done when we're done with this. So. Yeah, we just got the geotechnical investigation back this week on that so we can finalize our typical section. Any public comment or questions, any concerns, any other council comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on the budget amendment. Ms. Barra. Yes. Ms. Creeb. Yes. Ms. Shilfarm. Yes. Motion. All right. Thank you, Council. So we'll move forward and put out some communication to the public tomorrow. I'm not sure I can't. And get let the contractor know right away to get it started and hope for good weather. So later. Thanks for coming. All right. Resolutions, Gen Adam 7.1 is Resolution 202417. A resolution of the city of Youngsoil authorizing the mayor to execute a first amendment to a contract with the Canadian ambulance service incorporated to exclusively provide emergency and non-emergency ground ambulance services and road or wing air ambulance transports for the city of Youngsoil. Motion by Ms. Shampine. Yes. In a second by Councilman Barraz. Any council discussion? Any public comment or question? This is a continuation of an existing agreement that we have with the Canadian ambulance. All right. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Cree. Yes. Ms. Shampine. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. A Gen Adam 7.2's Resolution 202418. A resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Youngsoil to extend an intergovernmental agreement with Lafayette Consolidated Government for one year concerning assistance with various minor maintenance items. Council, this is also a re-issueance of a previous agreement that we've had in place with LCG. A motion by Ms. Shampine, second by Ms. Cree. Is there any council comment? Any public comment or question in discussion item? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Ms. Cree. Yes. Ms. Shampine. Yes. Motion approved. Okay. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. A Gen Adam 8.1 is ordinance 4952024. In ordinance of the city of Youngsoil, Louisiana, authorizing the city of Youngsoil to sell certain and movable surplus property located at 301 Fourth Street, Youngsoil, Louisiana, which is not needed for public purposes. Motion by Council, Ms. Shampine, second by Council, Ms. Barraz. Is there any council comment or discussion in public comment? Okay. Hearing none, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Ms. Cree. Yes. Ms. Shampine. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Ms. Shampine. All right. Let's see. Pam, would you like to continue with your? Sure. Yes. Okay. Highway 89, phase one is approximately 21% complete. Fortune road roundabout. That is 33% complete. They are working on the base for that one. And of course, on 89, it's all drainage that they're working on on the east side of the road. Louisiana 92, LA 92 in Prescott. That's 60% design complete. Shame Agriab. We just received the Geotechnical Investigation a couple of days ago. So we're working to finalize the typical section so we can have costed quantities and plans to put out to bid after these other projects. What project is I'm sorry? Shame Agriab. Yes. Perfect. Thank you. 2024 roadway improvements. Of course, Valesco Cross-Sync opened yesterday. And after we get on the roundabout, well, go to NISPK. If they have a second crew, they may be at NISPK at the same time. Okay. And if they do, we'll make sure to let you guys know. They are two different types of crews at the beginning. They're going to be doing salsa mitt where that would need a paving crew. Okay. For Larivia Road, as the mayor said, advertising for bids in December last week, they concluded their advertising for an inspection company. So they are moving right ahead because they're looking to hire their construction administration and inspection company already. That is moving forward. And Anselam Cooley, we are waiting for our final report back from our environmental consultant so that we can complete our environmental assessments, submit it, and then submit for core permitting. We are, we submitted 90% plan. So we really just, as soon as we get that, barring any environmental, we'll be able to move forward with final plans. And then once our environmental is accepted, they'll allow us to do a property acquisition. All right. Any questions or comments or concerns for Pam on her report? All right. As Susan wasn't able to make it tonight, but I'll share some of what I know with hers. The wastewater treatment plant, we did postpone the bid opening of that to a two week. So basically, yeah. So basically from October 30th to somewhere in mid November, Susan requested that based on some feedback from some contractors, we're trying to get, the most contractors interested in that job, that that job is going to increase the capacity of our wastewater treatment plant. We've been progressively taking steps on that project. Over the years, this is the next phase of that. The water treatment plant, if you've been on Iberia Street, which we all have, you can see the progress happening on that job. That contractor is NCMC. And if you saw some areas of the job this week and a delayed like maybe three days to do anything with them, and you can already see the difference of the work if you passed just today. Some of the wastewater sewer pump stations, pump station four, the notice to proceed has been issued as Susan told us last week, our last meeting, pump station four is also at the horse arena. So it's a different contractor than it was awarded the water storage, the water treatment facility. So we gave them a notice to proceed to be at the beginning of December, because that way, they wouldn't be in each other's way there. Pump station three on Young Street, that has been awarded to Southern constructors and contracts are being executed on that. We have some other sewer pump station upgrades that are in progress too, but nothing that's really urgent on those. So any concerns or questions with any of the utilities that we have happening? All right, if there's none, Chief, are you interested in doing your report? Thank you. Good evening, thank you. Before I take my chief of police hat off, I want to thank everybody for coming to our national night out that we had. It was very successful. Thanks to all of our sponsors. It was great outpouring the family, friends having a great time and learning what law enforcement's all about in our fire department and what we do every day to keep our city safe. As I take that hat off, I wanted to just already not see my candidacy, but just further that to say, I took over this department last August when the position came up, I jumped at it. Not many people can say that they have an opportunity and I don't really serve their city, but serve it in the capacity of a chief of police where they are making a huge impact on the citizens, the families and the businesses. And I took that, put my heart and soul into stabilizing the department, advancing the department in several ways, up to and including several technological advances, implemented a lot of different things in the department that made our department more efficient, our officers more efficient, save the city money. Some of those didn't even cost. We're piloting the program that's not costing the city anything but increasing efficiency as it goes. We saw several high priority crimes in my time here. Recently we've been tracked to suspect which will have a press release that's coming to the week out to Indiana that committed crime in our city. He's currently being extradited back to Louisiana to be both in the life here at Correctional Center. And we're not gonna stop that. We're gonna keep it going. We've updated policy. We've increased our transparency, brought in more accountability and increased professionalism in the department. And I think that's all very important, especially in the times that we are in law and law enforcement these days. I am the only candidate in this race with not only patrol experience, but experience and patrol supervision, experience and disseminating patrol resources to address crime trends. I did this for years at the chair of the office as a sergeant and as an lieutenant and a plan on continuing doing good things in Elmsville. And also of course, experience as a chief administrator of a police department where I've sat for this past year. Pride myself in accountability to our residents, accessibility to our residents and our council and our business owners. There's not an email that was sent. A phone call that was made that wasn't addressed by myself. It may have been passed along to one of my team members to handle the issue at hand, but when they needed a conversation and they needed to be heard, I was there to hear them and I will always be. Public services is in my heart. It has been for the last 22 years. And with all that being said, I'm respectfully asking for your consideration and voting the upcoming election. So we can keep progressing our city. I promise to always keep the safety of our citizens, our children and our businesses as my number one priority in this city. Thank you for your time. Thank you, Chief. And I want to commend the Youngsville Police Department, the detectives that were working on the recent case that you just mentioned, because I think that's going to be, it should provide some comfort to the community once they read the details of their success with that. So thank you, Terry. You good? Tim? For our sports programs, Sugar Beach volleyball, the fall lead continues. On Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights, girls' indoor volleyball are under the season tournament. We'll finish this weekend and then all story evaluations and teams being selected. We'll be the next step. This outside soccer will finish with their yearly Halloween habit tournament on November 1st, weekend. F&A football fall lead continues with games on Monday and Friday's. Our adult football league continues on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights. All tennis programming continues. Under the rex center of the pickleball league, council and aging classes, free play, all continue. This past weekend, well, we were able to open the expansion, the amphitheater, with the hosting the rotary patch at the park. It was a great event. Had a great turnout. Think just under 6,000 people maybe attended. You know, with Jamie, Matt, Jennifer, did a fantastic job letting us partner with y'all for the event, opening the dedication of the Lions Club play set, you know, with Shannon. We learned a lot. We need events like this to come to where we continue to improve and put enough bind on our expansion for us. They continue to make it, you know, the best place. It can be. Thank you, Tim. Echo that I want to commend the rotary club, phenomenal job. I mean, to have had just shy of 6,000 people and just that on that site throughout the course of the day, it never felt crowded. It was a wonderful experience. I hope it was beneficial for the rotary club as it has been in previous years. Because the proceeds of that, if putting them back into the community's phenomenal. So thank you. And for the Lions Club, that was incredible to witness the generosity of the members of the Lions Club to put the funds into the inclusive play set. So there's a video that UL's baseball team shared on social media last night that I shared. And it really, I think, just captured the moment really well of the UL baseball players assisting the sports for all league players around the bases and just to celebrate the love of their love of baseball. And then the kids and the smiling faces, when it was time to cut the rib and somebody asked me, should we ask the kids to get off the playground? And I said, absolutely not. Because that's exactly what I hope that you guys envisioned there. So it was very nice. So it was nice to witness it. So congratulations to both of y'all. Hayley, did you have anything? I didn't know if you were. No, you're good. All right. I appreciate you. I want to congratulate Nicole. Nicole found that, learned this suite that she's met the education and experience requirements to become a Louisiana certified municipal clerk with the prestigious LCMC designation. So congratulations Nicole. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I say that the clerk of any community doesn't really, to me, have a fancy title, but their work is tremendous. As it's tremendous. And it, yeah, as Rahadi, I know knows. And former clerk at church point, who's now a resident of our community, in the audience, but it touches so much. And every village has a, every village to city, I guess, has a clerk. So there's a lot of education and a lot of work that goes into it. So thank you for your hard work and your dedication for getting us to that point to help you to celebrate your success with that. All right. Any other announcements? Yes, ma'am. Miss Champagne. I want to go. Let's see. I'll come back to you. Let's see how come back to you, Jamie. OK. Yeah, Miss Champagne, go ahead, please. OK. I have a few acknowledgments tonight. We honored the state educators this week in that rush. And one of the educators received the Milken Award. The Milken Award is a national award, only there were only four honorees in the state of Louisiana. And it just so happens that she is a resident of Youngstville. So I want to make sure we acknowledge her tonight and thank her. Her name is Miss Christine Bayard. With the Milken Award, they honor educators. And what they do is they, and it's nationwide. And we only had four from Louisiana. Mr. Milken, who authored this award, gives each honoree a $25,000 cash award for their use. But she's a very humble person. She lives right here in Youngstville. You probably don't see her or hear very much of her. But she's very humble. And she loves education and kids. And her little boy was one of the ones that cooked in the cook-off that the school did last year. So I'd like to congratulate her. I want to remind everyone that the superintendent of schools has their first gumbo cook-off this Friday on their school grounds on the 18th, starting at 11. The mayor and I were honored to be invited in a 10, Dr. Jay Colley at Youngstville Middle, who started their JAG program. JAG is jobs for American graduates. It was very nice. It was short, but it was a wonderful program. So it's good to see that our schools here in Youngstville are doing so much good hard work. And I think this must be a sentence homecoming this weekend because they were having a parade in Sugar Mill, we're not left. A nice big parade, too. I missed it. And November 2nd, don't forget the VFW Chili cook-off. Thank you, miss Shawn Pine. This man, Councilman Creed. On behalf of the road, I want to thank the city and the sports complex for letting us be the first event in the amphitheater. We really enjoyed it. And next year, it's going to be a two-day festival instead of one. All right. I love it. And then I would like to say thank you to the Council for appointing me and having confidence in me to serve the city in different capacities so thank you all for that. Absolutely. Yeah, what we say. Possibly. Yeah, it's possibly is. It could be, but it's hard. So we do have an election. Early voting starts October 18th, is it? And in the election day is on November 5th. So multiple candidates in both of our races we encourage you to vote. In the event that there is a winner on November 5th, I mean, it is possible that we may have a new face here at the day. So I sincerely appreciate Miss Creed. I'm going to save my remarks because you're more than just, I want to give it more credit than it deserves. It's just an afterthought at the end of a meeting. But sincerely, thank you. Not for what you're doing on the council before you're doing in the community because you're at everything and I appreciate that. So anything with the, we've celebrated some great ribbon cuttings this week and you can always count on. Jamie to be there. As I noticed this week, but as an ambassador for the Chamber of Commerce. So thank you. All right, Miss Boris. I wanted to say thank you also to the city for the wonderful ribbon cutting. The turnout was fantastic. The Youngsville Lines Club is also holding a car show fundraiser this Saturday. It's going to be in the Steyne's parking lot at the corner of ambassador and eight nine. So I hope everyone can come and see the cool looking cars. All right, thank you, ma'am. I did think something that's not really related that I want to talk about leadership. Youngsville is hosting a holiday artisan market at the end of November on November 30th. We've got vendor spots. It's $80 for a booth. So if anyone knows anyone who does arts crafts, things like that, we'd love for them to sign up to be part of the artisan market. And then for the community to come out, the funds that we raise from the artisan market or going back to the inclusive playground, leadership youngsville class five, we are trying to purchase park benches to put out there so that parents can have a place to sit while their kids are playing. So if y'all would just mark your calendars, it's going to be from eight to noon on November 30th. It's in conjunction with small, I'm sorry, from noon to four, in conjunction with small business Saturday. So which is a national thing the Saturday after black Friday. So please get out, shop small, shop local, and shop here in Youngsville. All right, thank you, Haley. Any other business? Any other comment? All right, is there a motion to adjourn then? All right, thank you, Ms. Champagne, Ms. Barra's seconds. All in favor? All right. All right, meeting adjourned. Thank you all so much for the privilege to serve. Have a great evening.