At that time the Additional card state from was $10 and 2017 it was $10 and 2019 But also in your for comparison We've also provided you with the the rates for a few of the other comps in the area Including two bids that were just received by the city of scott for comparable service that excluded Excluded recycling and headed at recycling centers throughout their community So I'm sorry, Mrs. Dancer. Yeah comment. Yeah, Mary Based on our last audit obviously we were underwater on this section Does this get us above above board? It does We felt that this broadest been we were I think we were at it bracing brings us to an even point We're not trying to top-rate profitable in this department We went for breakeven basically. Yeah, okay All right, I had a motion the second is there any other council comment or discussion? Can I make a comment? Are you all aware that Waste water was taken over by Magnolia? Yes And they have increased our rate about $17 so to keep that in perspective. I mean, that's a large jump for some homeowners on that area of town Yes, I asked Birken that his rate was he pays $27 a month for garbage We're gonna be paying about 60 Everything You're just speaking for garbage. Oh, garbage. Oh, yeah Yeah Yeah, there's the water water and sewer we're still holding well with the ordinance that you've adopted previously I think set us up appropriately. We have There's been some nominals of CPI increases that we have that we have adjusted for water and sewer There's not been any adjustment to to waste removal since 2019 Any public comment part of the council vote I guess there's no public comment misgidious. Please call the vote Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Romero. Yes, Mr. Stansberry. Yes, Shambhai. Yes, Mr. Ryo yes motion approved All right, thank you the second ordinance for introduction tonight is ordinance 48 to 2023 Inordinates of the city of Youngso, Louisiana a mini chapter eight businesses and business regulations Establishing the requirements for the permitting in operation of mobile food establishments Motion to introduce ordinance number 48 to dash 2023 all right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. I get second by Mr. Stansberry Basically, there's a lot a lot of words here, and this is for introduction, but I'll summarize with the I mean, what what it's really asking for You know food trucks are something that we I like having I think it brings variety brings variety and food choices to our community Something we've been monitoring as an administration. I put the council and notice probably two years ago That's something that we're going to have to be paying just attention to Just to see if we need anything gives me no pleasure to even suggest that we do any type of regulation For any new businesses in our community But the heart of this what it is is