really understands the vision that we have. He did give us a letter to the council that I just want to maybe read one part of it. He said fortune is already a beautiful property that would that will only improve as our maintenance plan gets underway. The ponds and fitness trail that are in place offer a great place for exercise, fishing, dog walking or just relaxing. So, we're going to do some additional additions include dog backstations trash cans, benches, engage it, entrances are possible. Our park police department led by assistant chief Lachelay will play a vital role in support of these new parks. Officers Alexander and Vincent have also been added to the department in preparation. So, the sports complex in all city parks daily and will also be responsible for opening and closing each morning and afternoon in accordance with park hours. Park visitors and neighboring homeowners would take comfort should take comfort in knowing the dedication and availability of assistant chief Lachelay's park police. So, as with most things, I think and it's rightly so. I mean, what you don't know, I think can lead to a little bit of uncertainty and intimidation. So, I appreciate any residents from fortune hills that are here and anyone that wants to comment, I would welcome you to come up. Ms. Monique, feel free. Ms. Monique, we've been in this conversation since 2016 and I'm telling you, I've worked a lot at the state level and the federal level with mitigation. This is a best practice project. If you all take this all the way to a park, it will be held up across the state. The state was flooded with $1.2 billion for mitigation and the projects don't look like this. It excites me to be in Lafayette parish and have something like that because I promise you it will be held up as a best practice. Just say that. Thank you. I appreciate that. Is there any other comments or feedback? Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I don't know if we've met. So, if you were my last time to share with us. Will Daniels, I live in fortune hills. How do you do in the old home there? So, my issue is just to access through the neighborhood. Why can't we access it from fortune road? That's a great question. Today, the landowner that we acquired, the property was there. One of the conditions of the sale was that we would just acquire a 50-foot access to fortune road for five years or until the completion of construction. I did ask him today how he felt about doing something they're permanent. He's not in favor of selling that real estate there. But I did put some thought into it because I did hear that comment from the neighborhood. But there's a pretty, I mean, just for the public benefit. This entire track of believes about 32 acres. The city acquired from here back, which is