 Happy to see everybody here today. Thursday June 29th, we're going to have our public hearing for the adoption of our new fiscal year budget. So because this is a public hearing, we'll save the prayer and the pledge for the opening of the meeting, which will follow this at 6 o'clock. So anyway, my pleasure now to introduce Brad and Burton Colder from Colder Slavin. They are certified public accountant firm that has assisted us in preparation for the budget. Just notice my two finance people aren't here. It's too late to be crunching numbers. But anyway, Brad and Burton, welcome. Councilman Standsbury will be here shortly. And I'm sure hopefully the rest of my team will be, but I got the numbers from them just in case they did leave. So I think it should automatically win the polls. Yeah, I can't know this. Okay. Well, thank you mayor and members of the council. As the mayor indicated, we've been assisting your finance people and also had meetings with the mayor on two occasions, or three occasions, I should say. And getting this budget document, and I think it was sent to me today at about 11.30 or whatever for us to go ahead and produce the copies that you have here before you. Catherine sent it to me then. What I'd like to do tonight, and of course Brad and I will just go over the high spots of it. I'm going to go over the budget message, the capital outlay request, and then Brad's going to go over more extensively the utility operations and the park operations, and then I was going to conclude with the summary and also make certain comments relative to the budget document that you have. As you know, it's what 40 some odd pages are about 40 pages, so it's quite a bit of detail. In the back of the document, of course, you have the estimating schedules to estimate for the amended or final amended budget that you're going to be asked to adopt. So we're going to go over that as well. And then as the mayor indicated, the budget for next year. So that being said, on page two of the budget, which is the budget message, I was going to kind of read over some of this so that, and I'm sure most of you have looked at this, but let's start towards the middle of the page. It says all funds. It says revenues and expenditures have been increased or decreased over under the previous year on a line-on-and-basis for each revenue source and expenditure. Salaries for employees have been budgeted for a 3% cost of living increase at a total cost to the city of Young'sville of $148,000. That is encompassed in the budget for next year. We have projected an increase of 4% in sales tax revenues for 2023, 24 fiscal year, which are conservative estimates. General and special revenue funds, here we have projected increase of 3% in ad ballorum taxes for the 2024 fiscal year, which is again conservative. The increase in our police department is for additional patrol and one additional SRO for the, I think this is the charter school. The equipment items listed in the capital outlay as well as a 1.85% increase in the impers, which is the retirement system, going from 32.5% to 34.35%. I mean this is mandated, and you're going to have to just pay it. So it is factored in. It says the far-deportment staffing and expenditure allocation remains flat with the exception of 257,000 in additional debt payment by the city for the three previously approved fire trucks. Under capital outlay, and you have an extensive list of capital items, but it says the budget includes the capital outlay request of numerous items listed on pages five and six of the budget document totaling a 743 million, it says 743 here, should say 74.3 million, not 743 million. The capital outlay request includes approximately 42.2 million of roadway and drainage improvements, which would be financed from the bond proceeds in 22. The sales tax revenues, various federal and state grants and state capital outlay funds. A lot of that 74 million is financed, quite a bit of it is financed, I say, or paid for by grants, either federal monies, state monies, and some LCG monies. Approximately 14 million of expansion to parks and rec will be made to the parks, a young drill sports complex, which will be paid from the 14 million dollars of recreation, sales tax bonds, and 1% recreation sales tax funds. See details on page six of the capital outlay budget request. We continue to enhance and improve our water and sue utility operations with capital improvements of 15 million, which are projected to be funded by the utility funds 1999 sales tax revenues and LDH and DEQ revolving loan slash grants. A portion is alone, a portion is a grant. Utility fund on page three says the 630 24 budget revenues include growth for the water and sewer departments based upon the CPI index. During the 24 fiscal year, the city is expecting an increase of approximately 350 customers. And so this is written, of course, by Ben and Catherine, and this is kind of some summary items which are you required to present as part of the budget. Any questions on some of this? We're going to get into some of the details here. Okay, let's go to a page is five and six. And again, there's a laundry list of 49 items listed here of capital outlay items. And I'm going to go by the different sections of the different funds as is identified. It basically, and it shows on the fall right, the method of paying for these items. It says method of financing. Under the general fund here, you have $494,000. The biggest item, of course, is the fire truck, the debt service payment on the fire truck of 257. It was mentioned in the budget message. Then in the 9081, I'm sorry, sales tax fund for police, you have three replacement units, five new patrol units, and one vehicle for the chief, $338,458. Again, to be paid for from the 1981 sales tax. The axon enterprises is the other thing, 269,0897. Total for the sales tax fund or for the police is $608,000. That's included in this budget. Items nine through 22. And there's a lot of items here. This is the biggest item, our biggest section, which is in street capital projects. You have a total of $42 million, as you can see. Some of the bigger items are the highway 89 improvements. And it shows you, you're getting quite a bit of state capital outlay funds here, about 8.9 million and a city through its sales tax or the bond issue is going to put up 2.2 million to do the project. Another big item, number 12, is the fortune road extension, 5.5 million state capital outlay monies, 25% match from the city. Highway 92, again, a big item, a million, 380,000. Then on item 15, highway 92, Prescott, roundabout, $3 million. Again, a lot of monies from the LDOTD state capital outlay. Next item is number 19. It's a regional drainage detention pond project for $8.5 million funded from the federal grant. So again, the 43 million, and again, there's any specific questions on any of these. Certainly, we would try and answer or have, or try and answer those questions. On page six, the utility fund, quite a few items here. Items 23 through 33. You can see is water and sewer, and of course, 34, 35, 36, 37, and 38, some trucks and whatever in here as well. But some of the big items, item 23 is $2.7 million for water utility treatment plant. Again, the revolving loan, the water sector grant is going to pay for this. The elevated tank, 2.1 million, again, that's the revolving loan slash grant, LDH. Big item is the wastewater, sewer plant, treatment plant improvements, $5.3 million. Again, DEQ revolving loan and in state capital outlay monies. Total for the utility fund is $15 million, $15 million, $35,000. For those young sports complex, which we talked about earlier, you have quite a few movable items, and then, of course, the big item is the expansion of the park. And that's going to be paid for from the bonds that we mentioned, plus I think we got a million dollars from the state on this. But a total to be spent for the park at $15.9 million. Total capital outlay, as I said, in the budget message, $74.3 million. I just kind of added it up of what I see as grants, but probably about $36 million of this $74 million is paid for from grants. So the city has to fund the balance of about $38 million, and you're funding that through loans, issuance of bonds, and some city funds. So any questions on these two particular pages, and again, these items are worked into the budget document for next fiscal year, beginning July the 1st. Hearing no questions, I'm going to turn it over to my son Brad. He'll go over the utility operations as well as the park operations, and then we'll conclude, as I said, once Brad has completed it. Thank you, Burton. Good evening, Mayor, Council Public. Let's go take a look at the utility fund operations. We'll go through each department, and then we'll hit the totals as a whole. So those individual departments, page 21, page 21. As my dad did, whenever he did his presentation, he hit the highest spot, so I'm going to do the same thing for mine. Obviously, if you have anything like in the past, go ahead and stop me, and I'll do my best to answer the questions. We'll go through the totals, which is on 19. So let's go to 21. We'll take a look at water toward the middle of the page, and you can see the revenues in 2022 actual number 3.6 million, and in 2023, we're projecting about 4.4 million, and an increase to 4.9 million for the budget year. So healthy increases in the revenues, as my dad mentioned, and the budget message is tied to an increase in number of customers for 24, as well as to the CPI index. Expanditures for 22 come in at 3.3 million, which generated a profit of almost $300,000, a little less than at 293. For the current year, we're expecting expenses about 3.9 million, and to have a net income of give or take $550,000, and then for the budget year, expenses coming in about 4.5 million, and an income of $380,000. So in water, I mean, you have expenditures are going up, but revenues are keeping pace with it, and you have net income operational all three years. To me, that's what you want to see. Moving on to Suez, it's going to be a similar story. You can see for Suez Department of 2022, we have revenues of 2.2 million, increased into 2.7 in 2023, and then up to a little over $3 million for the budget year. Expanditures track similarly, in 2022, we had expenditures of 1.9 million, and that generated a profit of $335,000. For this year, we expect to have expenditures a little bit less than that, at 1.7 million, and a profit of $800 million, and $998,000. And then for the budget year, expect expenditures to stay relatively similar to 2023, at 1.7 million, and to have a profit of 1.347 within the Suez Department. Any questions about water or sewer? Moving on to sanitation, not as much to talk about here. I mean, you basically kind of have your revenues, and then you kind of pass on that cost and generate a little bit of a profit. In 2022, we had revenues of 1.481 expenditures, actually exceeded it, 1.6 million, and we had a slight loss. In 23, we fixed that, you have expenditures of 1.8 million with revenues of 1.8 million, and a slight profit. And that's basically what you want to do in your sanitation department, it's basically cover costs, which you guys are doing. And in 24th, it's very similar to 2023, 1.9 million of revenues, 1.9 million of cost, and about $22,000, $23,000 of net income. That covers each individual department. If we flip two pages back to page 19, it's a little easier to see, and we can combine everything together and see how the utility funds are doing as a whole. And looking at the revenues for 2022 coming in, it's 7 million, 3.81, adding everything all together, I held the increase in the current year to a little over $9 million of revenues, and then about a 9.8% increase from 23 to 24 to 9.9 million in revenues for the budget year. Expenditures in 2022 came in at right at 6.9 million and generated a profit of $514,000. For this year, we expect expenditures to increase to about $7.6 million, and generate a profit of $1.4 million. And for the budget year, expenditures do go up by 10.7% to $8.4 million, and we still generate a profit of about a million five, we'll call it a little bit more than last year. So, I mean, overall, taking a look at here from operations, very healthy every year, covering expenditures from the revenue standpoint. This is what you want to see. Any questions on 19? If you flip the page 20, you actually do have a property tax bringing in roughly a half-million dollars, a very first line item each year. I mean, you do also have some interest expense, so not operating revenues or expenditures in its revenues, in this case net, 412,000 in 22, 420 in the current year, up to 433 for the budget year. So, you can see income after the property tax and the operations we just spoke about, a profit of 925,000 in 22, up to a million eight in the current year we're expecting, and for the budget year, a million nine. Any questions on pages 19, 20, or 21? All right, moving right along, let's move on to the park. That's going to be on page 22. And page 22 will handle similar to the utility fund, looking at the revenues for 22, came in at a million three actual number. For the current year, we expect revenues to increase to a million 457. When I kind of scanned it, taking a look at it, concession fees, kind of the big driver for the current year of increase, you can see toward the middle of the section, 146 in 22, up to 241. So, about a hundred thousand dollar increase in the concession is driving that revenue number up in the current year to a million 457. And we kind of holding them flat with our projection for 24, which is probably a good idea to be conservative at a million 450. Expenditures begin here on page 22. I'm not going to go through each item. It do have some salary increases in 23 and 24. That was touched on within the budget message as it pertains to 24. But the biggest expenditure on the page, probably the bottom third is depreciation. So, I just want to point that out, about a million two to a million four range over the three years. And it's to be more relevant in a minute when we flip to page 23. So, we're running about a million two to a million four into pre-shades. So, I don't remember that number because we get to total expenditures in 2022 at 4.5 million. We're generating a loss of 3.2 million. We'll always like to add back to that depreciation non-cash item. And so, when you add back depreciation, we're about 2 million cash negative, so to speak within the sports complex, without factoring in the sales tax. For the current year, expenditures increase to 5.3 million generating a loss of about 3.9 million. Again, about a million three million four depreciation, still about 2.5 million or so cash negative. And then in the budget year, expenditures increase about 6% to 5.6 million. And that loss increases till loss of 4.2 million. You do have to factor into depreciation about a million four, so it's still about 2.8 million cash negative in 24. But remember, you got the 1% sales tax bringing in roughly 4.4 million over those three years. Net of debt service, are we cash negative or neutral? Probably close to cash neutral, I would say. Possibly a little bit cash negative. It's difficult to measure that. I mean, obviously this sports complex has an impact not only on that 1% sales tax is dedicated for this, but also for the other sales taxes as well. So you have to take that into consideration. Any questions on sports complex or utility fund or anything I talked about that you guys would like to ask me about. Okay, if there's not, I'll hand it back over to my father. Thank you. Thanks, Frank. Okay, what we had said at the onset and is to go back and now we're going to look at the totals for the city of Youngsville for the, and this is on page four, by the way. If we go to page four, and it's a little bit small because there's a lot of numbers here and we wanted to try and fit it on one page. But this is bringing everything into consideration. All of the different funds, the utility fund, the park, the sales tax monies, the intergovernmental revenues or revenues grants that we're getting from other sources. As I said, federal government, state government, and our LCG. So starting with the top on the revenue side taxes. Last year, actual numbers per the audit was 17.8 million. This year, it's 18.6 million. If you look at that first item, and forecasted for next year at 19.3 million dollars of tax revenues coming into the city. That includes also franchise tax and property taxes. Licenses and permits. Last year was a million 546. This year, it's a million 336. And for the budget year, pretty consistent at a million 396. Under intergovernmental revenues, now here, there's quite a bit of grant monies coming in, both this year and for the budget year, as I pointed out earlier. Last year, intergovernmental revenues is a million seven. This year, it's 10 million 84 thousand dollars of intergovernmental revenues coming from another governmental source. For the budget year, and I pointed this out earlier, it's 37.7 million dollars. It's coming in. And so that's how you're able to accomplish some of these projects that are estimated to be done or forecasted to be done next year. Fines and court costs, 708 thousand last year, a million 245 this year, and a million 275 for the budget year. Utility charges for services, Brad, just went over this with you 7.3 million 381 last year, 8 million 734 for this current year estimated, which will be your amended budget if you so choose to adopt it. And for the budget year, 9 million 593 thousand dollars. Miscellaneous revenues was a hundred and ninety five thousand last year, estimated to be 741 thousand this year. And for the budget year, 526 thousand dollars. Sports complex, Brad just went over that, 1 million 300 thousand brought in last year, actual numbers this year estimated to be 1 million 457. And for the budget year, it's forecasted at a million 450. So total revenues coming into the city last year was 30,695 thousand. This year for the amended budget looks like the final amended budget should come in around 42.2 million dollars. And for the budget for next year, 71.3 million dollars. This is what's forecasted by far the largest budget this city has ever adopted. Now let's look at the expenditures on the general government to just operate the general government of the city administration 2 million 54 thousand last year, 2 million 337 thousand for the current year. And for the budget year next year, 2 million 743. Police last year, actual number was 3 million 936. This is just to operate the police department. This year is forecasted at 4 million 628 thousand. And for the budget year, remember I think it was mentioned in the budget message some additional personnel additional patrols 5.9 million dollars. On the defy department, a million 570 last year, this year 2 million 182 on the appropriation to the fire department. And some of this is property taxes of course. And then next year forecasted or estimated in the budget at 2 million 89,066. On the streets and drainage to operate operate the public works department, 2 million 64 thousand actual number last year, 2 million 2 and 94 thousand for the current year and for the budget year, 2 million 2 million 4 63. Utility expenses, Brad just mentioned those, 6 million 867, actual last year 7,600 for the current year and 8.4 million for the budget year. Sports complex, he just mentioned those 4.5 million last year, 5.3 million for the current year and 5.6 million for the budget year. Now capital outlay and Catherine tried to break it out into the different segments, but all of this will match with the tolls on the pages I think 5 and 6. Under governmental, it was 9 million 955 last year. That included this sports, this municipal complex. Then this year estimated at 11 million dollars and for the budget year as we talked about 42.4 million dollars. Under fire protection was 131,000 estimated for this year, for capital and next year 257,000. Police, the capital outlay for police this year is 169,000 last year was 608,000. And let me just say the actual numbers were not broken out last year was just in total. So that 9 million that shows under governmental, some of that is police, some of it may be fire protection. I just want to point that out. It wasn't broken out on the audit in detail that we tried or the administration tried to break it out this year. Under municipal complex, 7.1 million last year this year finalizing this, 3.5 million. So as you can see, about 10.5 million for the complex over the past two years, nothing forecasted for next year. Utility fund, capital, 15 point, basically 15 million 35,000 for the budget year and the sports complex, 15 million 932,000. So if you add up the 42 million and the 15 and the 15, you're talking about the 74 million that we spoke about. On the debt service, you can see the principle and interest. Last year we had some refinancing that took place in this and that's why the 9 million is shown as principle this year. It's 4.1 million is more of a normal year and next year is going to be 4 million dollars as well. The interest was a million one last year. It's going to go up to a million five this year and 2.3 million dollars with the additional debt that's been issued for next year. So you total debt service forecasted for next year. You add the 4 million 99,000 and the 2 million 371,000. You're talking about 6.4 million dollars of debt service for the city. Total expenditures, you can see 48 million actual last year this year, 44.9 million and for the budget year, 108 million dollars of expenditures. So the operating losses at this line item, 17 million 559 last year, 2.7 million dollars estimated for the current year and a huge number at 36 million 756 for the budget year. You have some other non operating utility type items that are shown last year netted out to about 619,000 this year 421,000 and for the budget year 433,000. The income or loss in this case, it's considered to be a loss or deficiency at this line item is 17 million actual number last year. It's 2.2 million dollars for the current year and it's 36 million dollars for the budget year. So you might say how are we going to fund that? You look at it, you can see last year we issued 5 million dollars of bonds. This year the issuance of bonds is 23 million 590,000. Okay? And next year forecasted at 12 million 780,000 dollars. So if you add those three years of proceeds from issuance of bonds or from the DEQ revolving loan, you're talking about 41.7 million dollars of totals there for the three years. Of course the transfers between funds, those balance all because all you're doing is transferring some of your money from one fund to the other for accounting purposes. And you can see the bottom line, I'm going to look at the third to last line item, the very much bottom line for the city last year. It showed a deficit. We used some surplus money and we spent $11 million more than what our revenues were for the current for last year. That's an actual number. This year with the issuance of the bonds and all of this, you're going to end up with a $21 million quote unquote surplus or excess I should say. And in next year we're going to spend that bond money of $23 million, you're going to have a $23 million deficiency for next year. Now let me just mention to you that and I've always done this is you know that's governmental accounting. But let's look at it and say okay what is the operational surplus for the city? And I've already given you that you don't have that in here but we've computed it. And what I've done with this, I'll take the $11 million for example and with that $11 million, I'm going to add back the capital outlay because it's not recurring. I'm going to also deduct out of it any bond proceeds that we get okay. So I'm taking out the extraordinary items and trying to look at it from an operational standpoint of the city. Well last year of the actual number for $22 you had a surplus, an operating surplus of $6.2 million and then in $24 and $23 for this year's current year that we're in is going to end tomorrow. It looks like again taking that same scenario, the $21 million surplus and then deducting out the bond proceeds and any kind of debt or grants that we got and then but adding back the capital outlay you end up with a $3 million surplus for this current year. Next year doing the same scenario you end up with a surplus of about $900,000. So it really goes down quite a bit but it is a surplus. So I just wanted to point that out and you know we've done this, we've do this all the time at the audit when we present the audit to you to let you know because it's kind of difficult to kind of envision well man we had a $21 million surplus on paper and a $23 million deficiency next year but that's kind of levels it off so to speak. So you can look at it from an operational standpoint but it is positive all three years. I just wanted to mention that. Any questions? We've looked at a lot of numbers, we've said a lot of things so any questions from the council then to mayor. Okay are there any other funds that you'd like to look at or any questions but anything that's not been discussed or addressed? I was like a day that I was looking at the portfolio and originally sent out on the agenda just to transfer for 2023. Okay yes I think if you use as long as you're using the bound book you have the most updated copy of it. Point that out. Yeah. It was around $169. Yeah we talked about that but yeah it's been encompassed in the numbers that they're looking at that. Catherine, am I correct? Yeah. Any other questions? So the council we can do this a variety of ways if you'd like. I mean we our regular meeting starts at six and then we can have discussion now we can this is a public hearing we can open it for public comment at this time. Should there be any similar to how we do a a plat meeting we can also of course entertain public comment during the regular council meeting you know which however you would like to handle it so since where I had a schedule we we happen to sure if there's any public comment related to the to the proposals of the to the proposed fiscal year budget which starts July 1st we will entertain that at this time if there's any public comment. All right if there's no public comment if there's any any council comment. All right well then why don't we why don't we adjourn the shall we adjourn the public hearing now and then we'll pick it up in 20 minutes to to get into the regular to the regular council meeting at that time. All right thank you all again we appreciate it and value your business we certainly do tonight to pleasure working with both of you and thank you for thank you for being here to go over it so public hearings adjourned and we will be beginning at 6 p.m so we'll see you shortly.