to go to S or but you get put there you might not want to be in traffic, but you get there and you come off the road and you go to those positions. You're not only lose. You're you're getting an eight hour day, you're only losing eight hours a month in hours of pay, which are taking almost a 50 hour lick and vacation benefits. So, so I mean, Mr. Ponte answer your question and I'm already thinking ahead because I mean we like tomorrow is a payday so I've had to make decisions on how to handle situations. So, so a real scenario that's that's happening now is we have we have some some members of the department that if I don't make the adjustment for them to 180 they're simply not getting they're not getting paid. I've already made a decision to do that to be in compliance with state law. So, you know, what how do we do this, you know, moving forward? I think that's that is a question. I mean we have I think I've taken I think we've addressed the immediate scenarios that I that as I appreciate them. But I'm sure I'm just not thinking of all of them, you know, throughout this or. Hey Laura, is it possible for y'all to have a emergency meeting? Is that does that I mean I don't know I know Mr. Hell is not here. Special meeting. Okay. And you know I mean again it's if that's possible then maybe y'all can act on it you know a little quicker to reclareify the intent you know exactly what it is. I mean we do it all the time. You know we make a motion is it shall or should you know those can be taken very different you know how you make motions and. The other thing is like the mayor said I know y'all usually email his office on anything that happens on y'all's agenda. I would I would suggest and this is just my suggestion if it's anything financial implication please copy every council member or maybe Nicole where she can disseminate to all of us. That way we're releasing the loot on it. You know I don't I think we've talked to y'all more in this last six months a year than I have in the 10 years I've been on council. I think you are doing you know a great job which I'll do. I know it took a lot for you to get up here and probably talk and go back and forth but uh yeah I mean if that's possible that that would be my suggestion is try to have it quicker and that way it's a little easier for the mayor's uh for the payroll. I mean just because I mean my members of my team here Kristen are you are there scenarios that I need to like better you're going to hit me with tomorrow. Yeah.