we're not touching the fence requirements. Okay. All right. We understand. Right down the positive. I think we're, I think we're imposing the, I think what, I think what councilman Ramirez asked you for is that there's a, we're allowing you to go to this, this density, but you, you're going to have to mitigate two negative points. So meaning that he'll have to select like, you're, yes, you're, we follow. Okay. And, and I think how you do that, just going to be signage, it may be, you know, additional landscape. Yeah. It may be, yeah, maybe, maybe some, you know, brick accents, just any of those qualities that you may be incorporated into. Yeah. It's all in the better mid of the community anyway. So yeah. I follow. Okay. All right. Okay. Good. All right. So it's him. Mr. Bo, Mr. Bull, John, oh, seconds, Mr. Ramirez motion, any council comments? All right. It's open for public comment. Oh, do you have a name? Yeah. Are you, are you, I mean, I'm calling it fourth street code. It's cool right now, but that's probably, it'll, probably get adjusted. Maybe nice to add in some kind of foster, you know, some, bring recognition to the park. Sure. What's that? I'm not saying to be nice because you have a lot of people that don't know where foster park is and foster cottages, quarters, I don't know. Whatever. We have, we have foster, we do have a development or construction today, foster growth on the back. Anyway, that's near via tarz old property. So, all right. It's open for public comment. All right. There's no public comment. I'm a skid, please call the vote on one of the variants. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Well, thank you both. And we look forward to, to working with you to help bring it forward. Thank you. Thank you all. All right. Resolutions, agenda item 6.1's resolution 2023 34 resolution authorized and in directing the mayor. To execute for on behalf of the city of Youngville, the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, and active substantial completion from southern constructors LLC pertaining to the completion of a contract for the 42 77 36 Kool-A-Lisrael Regional Detention Pond project. This emotion by Miss Champagne second by Councilmember Boljiano. Any comments from other view? Okay. Any to open for council comments? Pam, any comments on this? I mean, I know you'll call. I mean, it looks great. And we're going to be taking our leadership Youngville class to it next week so that they can see the finished product. So, no, we're very, we're very proud of it. And, and you know, now we can move on to the La Riviera getting that one through because we have a pond to drain into. So, the lividria road project. Yeah. Yeah. Also Terry and I took Matt and Lindy and we did a little, we did a drive through tour of that area. So, it's very