what makes this a good investment? It was obviously the largest purchase that I had ever made at that point in my life. And what makes that a good purchase? What produces the value in that? Well, how can I know that this was a good investment for my family's future? Because like a lot of families in Lafayette parish, I intend my home to be the primary driver of the wealth building that I do to leave to my children. And, you know, I think the answer is that government plays a large role in the wealth and the value that each of our properties has in Lafayette parish. And anywhere else really. And what I mean by that is, if there are no roads that go to your property, it's not going to be as valuable. If your property floods, it's not going to be as valuable. If there are not good schools to send your children to, it's not going to be as valuable. If the firemen or the policemen can't show up or don't, you don't have a police department, it's not going to be as valuable. All of those core governmental functions, I believe, really contribute to the value in some of the property in Lafayette parish. And so I end up coming down to the, you know, what I figure is the fundamental principle of property taxes. And I have a very strong opinion about this that property should only be taxed for those governmental services that increases the value of the property. The taxes you pay in your property should only be considered an investment and not a cost. Like I said, this is going to be a little dorky. This talk right here. But it's all about ROI. It's all about how do we encourage investment in our parish, the entire parish. And we encourage investment. We're experiencing tremendous growth here in Young'sville and Scott and Karen Crow and Doosong. And we're experiencing that because the people who are buying the property know that, yes, they're going to pay taxes. They're going to be property taxes on that property. But they're going to have property that appreciates and value and they're going to be able to sell it for far more than they got it for when that time comes. And so I think the assessor's office plays a critically fundamental role in all of that because the assessor clearly does not build rows, does not build schools, does not hire, hire firemen in policemen. But without an effective and competent assessor, I think what we end up with is you have a constrained ability to deliver on the needs of your constituents. And that's where I come from the school board and say there are qualities in an assessor that matter for the effective functioning of all of our municipal and parish government in this parish. I think the four qualities of an effective assessor are that they must be a