of what it costs for vehicle. But we're going to come back and what is that? And, and look at it later time. Just leave that 50. That's taking it down quite a bit. And we can look at changing it. If we, we're not getting more permits, people aren't permitting it. Maybe we go down a little bit more, adjust court calls at a later date. So I would leave that 50. For now. Okay. So there was, there was already a motion in a second to do it as, as, as written. So is there any other, any other comment, any public comment? Okay. So the only change here is $50 for two years at this time. Sorry, Ms. Kidri, please call the vote. All in favor. The item 7.3 is ordinance 487, 2023 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville, Louisiana, declaring the southern east west connector, long-line road extension to be a public necessity, authorizing the acquisition of the necessary land, easement, servitudes, rightaways, and other property rights requisites of the construction of set extension either on an amicable basis or through the use of expropriation process if necessary. There's a motion by Mr. Bolgiano and a second by Mr. Romero. Any council comment? Excited. Excited. Okay. Any public comment? What we're doing here is we've met with the actually Pam for your benefit. Well, you were on vacation. Terry and I did meet with the landowner of one of the parcels, presented here, you know, the new layout. What we're attempting to do here is really, and it's up, you know, we, this ordinance, you know, is looking everything from extended long-line road, across Giat, all the way to Dayton, and then, you know, maybe even one day all the way across to Deakin, but, you know, funding and rightaways and all the things, we also are taking an internal look at what if we just rebuild Shim and Agriab, but soften that escur. And that's really where I'm, where I'm the preference that I have because we can utilize, you know, existing road right away, even if we build a brand new road, txtin long-line road to the west, we still have to deal with a Shim and Agriab that's really in substandard condition. So we do have a development in progress, keen view, that's in that escurve. So we're working with that developer to see if his line work can be adjusted, and, you know, what would really be the loss of lots. So, and I also think that this may position us to do something there sooner than later, since we already have a cooperative endeavor agreement with the state for, I think, eight, six to 800,000 that once we get the executed copy, and we can really, you know, see and use your path here. So, all right, are there any comments or questions? All right, here are none, Ms. Giger, please call the vote. All right, thank you, Council. We'll