begun to put all the equipment is in there virtually all the equipment. They might have a piece here there, but so they are beginning to occupy the space. So, so yeah, any questions that you all may have. I have the punch list. Many of the items I just noted tonight are done on the punch list because I went there again this morning. So any questions? Well, that doesn't surprise me with JB Moot's. Well, the weather has cooperated at the right time in the last two weeks or so. They've made a great effort. You know, on a site like this, we had a lot of concrete and I'm surprised we didn't have as much problems with cracks. Just, you know, but where we did, we did six and it's been, it's been a great process because that, you know, when we made these walkthroughs, you know, they, they, they saw cut it, saw cut, excuse me and removed them. These are the amount of concrete panels and with no conflict. So again, you know, thanks to JB Moot on their subs. It's been a great process. So, yeah. So we're requesting approval to theme the project substantially complete as of yesterday was the date of my recommendation. Turn it on later. So kind of some own motion, but I want to give Stuart the opportunity if you want to say anything. Yeah, I think that's a pretty good job of filling your in, but I want to thank you all about the church for the opportunity. We can get to that. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to work with your own sports complex. You'll be a great partner on it. And like that said, we're still polishing it up and we're going to continue to polish it up and make it as nice as we can. And even after we leave, if you'll need anything, we'll be around to help out with it. And the church is doing great to it. Just walk it this afternoon. It bricks are going up us out today. So church is on schedule and it's going to be like a really nice architecture feature to the city. I want our community to go walk inside the church. And what was amazing to me was it feels like it's twice the size of what you see the inside. So it's a really neat use of space. I was taken back by the size inside. And I had to go back outside and look at it as an away. And that's pretty neat. So great design. Well, thank you guys. Simone, I think you had a signal to motion to first substantial completion and the second by Councilman Barraz. Any council discussion? Any public comment? This is for to start the to deem the project substantially complete. So, you have to know public comment. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Barraz. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Miss Gerrero. Yes.