space towards not if this is a lot, it's not concrete the entire way. So this particular lot has 219 feet this way and the request of the developers to have six units at 23 feet. So who's good at math? Maybe six, I'm saying 18, 1238 feet. So it basically be 138 feet taken of the 219 feet if I did that correctly. So I'll pause there. I think Ms. Champagne has a question. Did you want to part? I think Ms. Champagne's going to have some comments here. So my partner David, you hold on. Come on up, sir. Thank you. I'm sorry, was David? Was the David? David, okay. McCullough. McCullough? McCullough? Okay. Thank you. So there's just a slight adjustment to the size of the line. Okay. So originally we tried to buy the whole line. From Avenue B all the way over to Eugene Street. So the lot that we actually have is Eugene Street, which is first street, the corner first street, and Eugene Street. Okay. So Eugene Street now it's just an empty lot without an address. Right. So the dimensions that you refer to for the whole thing. Yeah. Okay. Absolutely right. So you have the dimensions on the, just a lot. So it's about one 20 by one or two. Yeah. So it's one 20 by one or two. We actually found out after we bought the lot and had it surveyed, that we got an extra 20 feet from first street all the way back to the neighbor's property. Okay. So we actually have an extra 20 feet. So just so I'm clear. So you're, so tonight, we're only, you're only asking the council to consider not where the house is, but just really the current vacant lot. That's correct. That's absolutely correct. Okay. The current vacant lot, which is one 20 by one or two. All right. So we consulted with a builder. And we're deciding whether to put the townhouse like you see there, either three or four you got you three. Okay. All right. Okay. So I didn't run any of the things that I wanted to do. So I didn't run, I didn't run the numbers, but I guess that you would be able to put, be able, sounds like you would be able to put three. Yes. Absolutely. So, okay. So the request would be able to put four if that makes sense. So you're asking to basically use 100 roughly. So each one, you're asking for, let's say it's 25 feet from 25 times four would be 100 foot of the lot. That's 120 feet. That's exactly right. All right. That's perfect. And what you see on the picture is very similar to what we want to do, but we've also talked to another builder. Okay. That has a little bit different design. What you see the garage is open, but what we'll do is use his plans to actually enclose it. Okay. And