things take time. So I think that in the end result, I think we need to look at the call response volume for all departments in the parish and how much money is being contributed to these departments and totality. Before contributing, the 90s have a percentage of the funding is coming from the city of Young'sville, but responding to 30% of the calls outside of it. Maybe just for comparison, seeing the other departments and getting them on board, what's an appropriate allocation? One other thing about the funding that they did provide I did not mention was, I don't know when the year it stopped, but they used to be a revolving $80,000 or so dollars that each municipality would get and then we take turns getting in. There was design. It was designed for, hey, you need a fire truck, go buy a fire truck or something like that, but I mean $80,000. I think enough. A fire truck, I think. Is that a deposit on the list? Oh yeah, it's probably. If it's a deposit on them now. You may marry, may mention to me and I don't know if you said this. How much did Milton just recently get allocated and what was someone else to you? No, it's a fair question. So related to ARPA funds. As you know, I mean, full transparency. I mean, you guys did allocate money in our budgets. We did receive an ARPA allocation. I was optimistic that we would be able to make some one-time purchases. The reality though, our ARPA dollars, ARPA is the American rescue plan dollars that were passed to help offset the negative impacts of COVID. Well, we were full steam ahead with a lot of projects in construction and design. So our ARPA dollars largely went to fund the overages on current projects. Our sewer upgrade of pump station 3 is an example. This building had some cost escalation once we were basically too far into stop. Would Councilman Romero's asking about, I mean, the parish similarly did get ARPA funds. We've seen those ARPA funds be allocated to neighboring water systems. You know, and it's really, they've become discretionary dollars, Franklin, as they were for us as well. So in fairness, I mean, they're discretionary dollars that can be used within certain parameters, largely to offset the negative impacts of, you know, COVID 19. My critique of the parish council is that ARPA dollars were used to fund water system improvements in other water systems when there was also $700 million of ARPA funds that was directed to the state to be used for improvements to water and sewer systems. So there was 1.5 million allocated to the Milton water system is what you're referencing. But the Milton water system already received $5 million from the state ARPA through the water sector dollars. So, undoubtedly, you know, if we were to go down the line, we have a myriad of priorities. I