data. It's our data. It's public data. And so I want to make it available to everybody. And there's some, some number one errors. Number two, it's the websites are not the assessor for Lafayette parish's website is not cellular, adaptable. So you have to be on a computer to use it really. So I want to change that. I want to improve that. And if you've heard our parish president talk about our surplus budget, I've already promised him I'm going to knock on the door and ask for somebody to improve the assessor's website. The technology in the department. Secondly, and as a realtor, this is a big deal to me because I have a lot of clients that are seniors and I have a lot of clients that are military, ex-military and veterans. In Louisiana, we are, there's a senior freeze and a lot of people don't know it, but the average household income in Louisiana is $56,000. So there are lots of seniors that do not even know about the senior assessment freeze when you turn 65 if you're adjusted household income is $100,000 or less, you're eligible to freeze your property tax assessment value. The taxes we pay will go up and down as we as voters vote on our tax milleges, but the, the balance the assessed value of the home will remain the same. That means a lot to me. And as a veteran, and if you voted in the last, the last state constitutional amendments, we voted to give veterans additional benefits. If you are 100% disabled by the Department of Defense, you're eligible for 100% of Bateman on your property taxes. I'm a veteran, I serve a lot of veterans, that's a big deal. If you are 50% disabled by the VA, you're eligible for 50% tax payment. These are big deals because I was a non-combat, so non-combat veteran. But a lot of my friends went across to other nations and served our country, fought some of them died. And they come back, those that live, they come back different people than they were. So this to me is a gift for their service. And I thank God every day I went to combat veteran, they came back different than I went in. Thirdly, there is a problem in its home state exemption fraud. And it was brought to my attention by a fellow realtor, and he said one of his clients was taking home state exemptions in four different parishes. And I said, how can that be? So I called Conrad Como, our current assessor, and I said, is that true? He said, yes, it's true. I said, how can, how's that possible? He said, because the 64 parishes assessors don't talk to each other. And so I presented at another meeting, and one of the people said, that's crazy, there's no homes to exemption fraud. So I did my due diligence, and I called Jimbo Pedagion over in