And for nothing is hidden, that will not be made to manifest. Nor is anything secret that will not be made to come to light. Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Johnson. Can you anyone else? Sir, I think I owe you the ability to finish your time. Gentlemen and ladies. There was one person that spoke, he said he was a former city attorney. Yes. He raised some points. He raised some points that have to be addressed. And, you know, I know we're not in a given take right now, but it would be who of us all to hear what the city current city attorney has to say with regard to the authority that the mayor is going to have, even if this investigation comes back and says, fire somebody. Can the mayor interact? So perhaps not. Thank you, Ms. Haynes. If there's no other public comment, I'll open it up for council comments. I believe the chief will also have something. So I'll rest at the discretion of the council to tell Woodrow. Would you like to address the council? Mayor, thank you for this opportunity. I'm sorry. Mayor, I thank you for this opportunity. I've been asked by this council to take a voluntary leave of absence. My answer to that is I respectfully deny that request as I am duly elected chief by the citizen of this city, not to you the council. I welcome any investigation and will cooperate 100%. I hope it comes from an outside agency, whether it be law firm, a law enforcement agency, and I give my word to the citizens of Youngville that I will cooperate fully while still performing my duties as your elected chief of police. You as the council have shown that you are not a group that can be trusted. You gave your counterpart, Ms. Reo, your word. Is she produced her medical documents that resulted in the head trauma she received from the night of the crash? That you would all be side of side and stand behind her and support her through this process. She did just that. You all lie to her face and cave them to political pressure and turn your backs on her still asking for her resignation. You have all made the assumption that she was given special privileges that night and the video clearly shows that did not happen. You sit up here once a month, collected some of you as classified mailbox money, and have been spoon fed your ordinances by the mayor and his staff and not one of you have even attempted to draft one single ordinance, which I will remind you is your job not the mayors. The mayor and his staff have done all the work. As you well know, as you well should know, as a council, you do not have the authority to remove me from office. The voters do not elect them as their chief of police and only they