tenants yet you mean any any prospects no matter what the building 100% speculated right now it'll it'll be running fast I hope so let's see um Mr. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm rights thank you handy how many how many bays you said it was I'm sorry that 10-day 10-bays and I'll are you going to allow the tenants to conjoin bays if I guess the business come in I'm sorry if the business wants to move in you're going to allow them to have more than this one day whether it be one sweet two sweets three into one kind of that concept are you going to respectfully more and keep them separate no no we'll look at every situation independently but you know yeah we put a lot of it. Has there been any conversations with toybox? Or are they aware of it? I guess at least that there'll be a further setback. I have I have not had any. I mean, but you don't say I mean there's no you're not seeing any issues. I don't think you can hear me. Okay, normally we would want 10 because of the whole drainage but they already toybox already took care when when Mr. I guess Burley developed it. He had already put some catch basins and some pipes and then has the detention pond that's behind family dollar. So for lack of a better term they can plug and play into that collection system and then there's no the detention that's all behind family dollar. So what we normally have our you know our back setback is for us not to drain on the property but the way it's it was actually designed is for the property to drain to the back to that collection system to the detention pond. So this five foot is basically for them to be able to maintain the grass in between the because there's already a fence there that the toybox. So and it's part and this is one of the lots that of that development. Miss champagne. What about traffic? Will it be right in? We did discuss that that they're going to have access so he's going to have that whole lot so there is access at principles list and if they wanted another any other access they'd be allowed one is what we discussed right in right out. So the so they so they can someone can go across because he's got the whole parking lot. So if they want full turning movements they'll have to go to the little side street of principles list which is how that was all developed. So of course that was all part of one development and then and then on the setbacks I can honestly say this is probably maybe one of two properties or parcels that you have anywhere in young so that has two setbacks. So there's there's an in hand there's a road widening