also had that fall. Plugged at that point so the pond filled up. So of course when they work and you're not quite finished and they got to pump it down they got to let it dry to do it but we have seen a lot of benefit in these rain events with the ponds having their structures working. For we've still not heard anything else from the state yet on the anzlam culli detention pond so that has not moved forward I think we're waiting on something from them to say notice to proceed. We are completing the survey on the Lesco crossing and then we're going to move to the survey along 92 for the sidewalk and the roundabout projects. I'm sure you've seen we've cleared our trees and sure 89 looks a little bit different from everybody since the last meeting and you've seen the stakes go up where the lane lines are going to be for that first so we've established where we where we want those lanes to go so we went ahead and state them so we can get out there and see how that impacts what's going on between cane and other things. And doing some additional evaluations i'm sure some of y'all can see that channel that's kind of close as you get towards l'Ajada and d'Abel and so we're evaluating whether we feel. pipe that in or not so right now we have received some preliminary numbers on highway 89 but we don't have. The final numbers to do a g and p because we have those couple of outstanding items we're also waiting for the state to tell us when we can realize the capital outlay that was just a proof because that makes a difference in our g and p and we do have our g and p costs which I shared with the mayor. For the fortune fortune road roundabout which was underneath our estimate which was great it was actually. pennies close to the estimate that we had about a year ago but we then thought maybe we had a lot of cost increase but they've done very well they none of the cost increase with records to the project so we're very excited about that and it's within the amount of money. Between your match and what we would be getting. From the state for capital outlay so we're happy that we're within i would call that within budget so the mayor is anxiously awaiting so as soon as we hear from the state we can do that. Or we can do another early work contract and get the contractor to do some of the early work so those are the different. It gives me no pleasure to tell you that I miss the call from facility and control today Nicole and I were leaving a meeting together and of course. I couldn't get them back on the phone. So that is really the missing step