I'm okay if the city determines and it may be a great use next door that I want to connect to. If the city determines a connectivity needs to happen there, all I've got to do is remove a couple of parking places and the connectivity can occur. I just say to say I'm going to do it without knowing what I'm connecting to. I can't say on the north side of or the left side of this plot is where a debat is going. And so they do have their site plan approval but they are just awaiting I think some construction costs come down. So debat has their building on this side of their property. So they're not stopped out. There's no room for a quamit. Yeah. Yeah. But on the east side this is just an undeveloped lot. So it's up to the council. Again if you decided you need it later on I'll provide it. And I may even want to provide it depending on what the use is there. So I'm sorry I didn't hear so debat. Oh there's site plan now. Does it provide for? I mean no, okay. Yeah. So that takes care of that one because we've already got too far with their site plan and they're so what they're we're just it's on them now. We've approved their design. Yeah. So I think that's going to require a minute of. Right. I think that I think the developer will be reasonable. I mean if it's got a if it's got use potentially that's going to be I would think that whoever goes there would would probably mean that the audience is going to hopefully be a restaurant that's going to one connectivity to the neighborhood. That's what makes the golf carts and all that stuff thrive. I think if you envision in the middle of Chumil pond as being required to connect it, you know an outside use there. You can see that you know the hesitancy of doing that without knowing what that outside use is going to be. I think that's up to the council but I'm willing to punt that until we can yeah I think if it makes good development use when we get plans and we'll see what comes first and what it is. Yeah. Some of the connectivity would be vehicle or we think in golf or we think it's walking path. Well it's basically like this is going to be one of the yeah. What would be unless we all guess this and if you go lose parking spaces and know the drives connect parking. All right. It could be done. It could be done with the uses. Yeah. I'll put that on. Okay. So continuing with the at the RC comments, plant revision comment number 15 deals with the alley approved names and all we've covered that in connection with the Chugano Pond Allies and so again that's I'll have whatever signage labeling