order right now, electrical gears on back order for months. So there's things as being done to anticipate these issues. So, in the facts mentioned, there's probably as much underground or on the ground as more than above ground. So that's all the stuff that will happen between now pretty much Christmas and then everything should start to go far. Just to manage expectations too, I want to, you know, when we put out this massive plan, that's what it is. It's a massive plan. Massive plan is not really meant to say we're going to build everything now. It's a function of funding. So I just want to, I want to just lightly go over, you know, we're going to have the sidewalk, which these are wide sidewalks, 12 foot wide coming from the top road. There will be some flashing flashing pedestrian crossing from the existing sports complex for kids and people to walk across the street. We will be constructing the pickleball court. It is eight, eight, eight, eight courts with a shade structure. Again, I just want to reiterate what we're doing and what we're not. We're only able to build right now two of the four baseball fields due to funding. The, again, it's planned out where the two fields that we're not building now are designed with the infrastructure in place. And we are going to grade that out real nice with grass and those will become are utilized as practice areas. And also for flag football areas that can be striped accordingly, but we will be building the two baseball fields in their complete full build out. We will be building obviously the amphitheater. And of course, we will be building a portion of the parking lot due to funds. And so that is going to be built on in phases for as we go out and with hopefully in the future. I just want to manage expectations, you know, for the public that's listening what we are building right now. The master plan is just that it's a plan. You know, if you look at the original sports complex there, we had it in the master plan for a sand volleyball or something. We had it in the master plan, but we only built a piece of it. So it comes in phases as a function of money. So I just want to reiterate and manage expectations. Any other questions about the sports complex expansion? All right. Thank you guys for the talk to you tomorrow. I appreciate it. Let's see. Sarah. Sarah, do you have any update? So the rate study that we've been waiting for all the projects underway. And just to give you all kind of like an idea of how long it would take for some other projects. It's taken three months to get everything complete. And then some of them that takes a month. So it really depends on the firm and the meat is palli and