same type of home that is in the copper fields and the sugar mill ponds next to a trailer? Okay. What can the city do to help us eliminate some of that property? What can the city do to improve the streets, the landscape of the streets? Man, y'all did a great job on Lafayette Street, that did a great job on church street. I know that's a lot of expense. The disadvantage we have in that area is we have what's there unlike a new development that can come in, put new sidewalks, new grass, new sod, new lighting. What, the only way that that's going to happen is if the city takes control of that and does that. Now I realize you've got to get grants, I realize that's a lot of money. But what can the city do to improve that area, to improve the traffic flow, which we know that's kind of also possible? What can you do to improve the infrastructure of that area that would make these guys want to come in, build a single home on a single lot, and have someone come in and make money at it. That's what they're here for. Well, sorry to interrupt your thought, but you could sell your property for cheaper. You know why a lot of stuff's not sold and developed more here because land value is pretty high. Oh, what is it? So, you know, again, this isn't something that I'm controlling. I mean, Mr. Longland, I can't make his numbers work on this project in park because of what he purchased the price set. I'm sure, you know, in part. I mean, I want to go for a track, and have more parking availability, be a larger hotel. So, in the grand sea of things, there was almost a $200,000 property for $1.998. So, what could we do? I think we can continue doing what we're doing, and that is we, as a city, yeah, young souls grow because of private development. And then once the private development is done, the developer donates it to the city, and it becomes a city street. But per square mile, we've spent more on infrastructure in the heart of this community. Then I would venture to say we have in any other part of the city, excluding like Shim and Metter Parkway. Because the streetscape project, the sewer rehabilitation, we have overlaid. We didn't do first the fifth and A and B, but we did church Lafayette, we did Jock Street, we did Bang Street, we did school street. I'm just thinking, so we can keep doing what we're doing because I think what we do, what we do, it sparks interest in private owners to do the same thing. And what else we can do is when there's a dueticated properties, we can go and we can cut the grass and maintain the grass. So, I agree with the property on Forest Street in Avenue