agree is underage drivers. I mean not, I mean the second thing would be kids running the front that are really really um, I've seen that from time to time, you know, but it's underage drivers. Yeah, the monetary amount of developments and they could be free to get the permit on their own care. It's more about, you know, if anything happens, what's going to, what's going to catch the attention of the other the goal card of it and I hope to be at the bottom of the injury or somebody or worse, you know. Catherine, did you all have a comment? Um, the, the dark is, that's in the regulations, right? You can't drive when it's dark. Correct. So with the sun, you know, the time change, it gets dark. So early, is it for safety reasons or can that be like more of a time frame or is it just serious? Well, you bring up, I mean, you bring up a good point. I mean, headlights are required, um, you know, but that, you know, unless the council, you know, changes that, I mean, I'm looking for that provision, but it's really intended for daytime you sound like. Mayor, I'd rather brand new orders right here. Mayor, if you don't mind. There's something else in there. Yes. Okay. So just remember, there's also state ordinances that we need to follow. And if the state ordinance says there's no time, if it's night, no nighttime activity or you have to follow that also, we're giving a permit based on what the state ordinance is saying and people are compliant. Uh, from addition, I mean, I understand what you're saying, but there's also cards on sidewalks. There's also, I mean, we had to put boggages on the bridge because they were hitting. So it's not just a, the kids are driving the type deal. It's a lot of adult drivers that are licensed that are doing the wrong thing. So just to be clear, so nighttime activity, if the state ordinance says no nighttime activity, then that's what you have to follow. You can't make it less stringent in the state ordinance. So just to remind me, that's a good point. I don't, and I don't remember the state rule. I know that the state rule talks about specific roads that you can cross, which really, you know, it was like for the 35 mile power less, which I know that there was some question about allowing across in on shimmy metery, but the speed limit on shimmy metery wouldn't allow because I would be in conflict with the state law. I don't know. That's a good point there. I don't know if it, I don't recall there being a provision that addressed daytime use there. You know, there, look, there is plenty that there is plenty that you can consider and that you can talk about and you can do within this ordinance. I mean, y'all know,