and see that's going to be that face to I am working behind the scenes that will include a track. It will include bleachers. It will include the various things as far as additional bathrooms, concession stands, et cetera. And I can assure you that if the things that are happening on the north side of town, or whether it's happening on the east side of town, it should be happening every single place in Lafayette Parish. The citizens of Youngsville contribute to the taxpayer dollars that we receive. You should get your fair share just like everyone else. And I say that to you is because it's not about just talking about it. I can promise you I'm a man of action. I'm a man that will deliver on these different things. I will make sure that the citizens of Youngsville see that what is due to them they're going to get. So again, moving forward, I will always come here and I will acknowledge that. Hey, education, parents have choice. I'm a person I believe in choice. I'm a public school person and I believe in choice. I talk to our team all the time. It's about competition. It's about strapping it up and it's about let's get the game going. And we have to compete. We have to do what we have to do. And that means we compete with facilities. We compete with what's going on in schools. And I can tell you we will compete. We will make sure that the kids in those schools in Youngsville get what's deserving of them. Again, I can't do this without board member support. I will tell you that Mr. Jeremy, her dog is a champion for this community. He is a person that again, he works in behind the scenes too. He is a guy that is negotiating with different board members. He's someone that he knows that we have to do it's right. So I can't take all the credit. I can tell you that those guys give me guidance and they tell me what I need to do as far as moving forward. So again, I want to thank him. I want to thank this entire school board that has dedicated what they said they were going to do. But more importantly, there's more to get done. There's more that we have to do. We will deliver on these actions again. The mayor has my cell number. Some of you have my cell number. You can call me any single day. You can call me about anything that we can do to kind of help because again, I'm going to end with this. I apologize. I apologize to you. I remember I was in those meetings. That should not have happened. We're going to move forward. We're going to work together. We're going to make sure that our partnership is what it's all about. Thank you, Mayor. Superintendent, I'm inspired every time I hear you