else. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you and thank you Ms. Fornier for your service as the chair person and serving on the board for for years now. I'll make a motion. All right have a motion motion by let's see Mr. Bolgiano motions and Mr. Stansbury seconds any common gentleman. All right any other council comment or discussion okay is there any public comment related to the increase yes sir you wouldn't mind coming forward sir. I do have a question. How many hours are you putting in about 40? How many I don't know I didn't read it just give me an hour. 600 dollars is not enough. Six hundred dollars nowhere even close to being enough. 20 dollars an hour 30 hours. All the council she needs to get paid she's getting the job done. All right thank you sir is there any other public comment okay if there's no public comment misgivery please open the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right thank you and congratulations Lori we'll we'll make those modifications and make sure we do it retroactive for you as well. I agenda item 6.4 to discuss amending the 2023 2024 police department budget to include a $1,000 monthly auto allowance for the chief of police retroactive to September 1st 2023. Let's see Ms. Shumpine. Yes Mayor I would like to make a motion to approve 6.4 for the police chief. I would also like some clarification from our attorney about the $1,000 a month core allowance and exactly what it is meant for and what it can be used for. Also in this I would like the motion amended that we add the necessary lights and all for the police chief's vehicle as we've done in the past that was not included in this motion. Okay thank you Ms. Shumpine let me see if I can add let's see uh Mr. Tron. It's part of the clarification that councilwoman Shumpine asked for chief you understand that the $1,000 allocation is a separate check separate in report from your salary and it is to be used for the operation and maintenance of your vehicle. Customarily in the past we have also provided fuel main cords and things of that sort that will not be provided to you. The $1,000 is to cover maintenance fuel total expenses associated with your vehicle. If you have any questions reach out to me. Ms. Shumpine is that part of the clarification? Okay chief if you have any questions please feel free to call me. That's good thank you. Okay so Ms. Shumpine there's a motion. I understand. Okay. All right yes ma'am thank you and uh Mr. Bulljana. Second. Mr. Bulljana seconds is there any other council discussion or comment? Yes Mr. Stansbury. So the additional cost would do we have an estimate for that estimate for that? You know about what it costs to outfit the vehicle? I don't have six. Okay get it to you