mean, the outside music shut it down at a certain time. You'll probably be great. Right? Because one of our, one of our biggest problems is we've had the police officers called on us 39 times. And I've been open only seven months. I think that, I mean, I don't want to piss anybody off. I'm very, very frank. And I love y'all to death. We love this city. We brought our food truck. We've brought our business to this city. And we love it. We just feel like this ordinance is brought only because of one person that always complains. And we talk about sales tax and everything else. What, what, me and my wife, we work hard. We work very hard to keep our, our pub clean. We don't have many incidences at all. We probably are one of the better pubs that you ever see in a town. But being dead honest with you, 150 feet from my establishment is kind of, kind of crazy. He put that number out because the houses are close to our, do you mean our pub? Our, I rent from Mr. Lewis hands alone. So it's not my, my actual building. I can't choose. You know what I mean? This that another, when I put the business model together, Mr. Lewis absolutely fine. Wherever I parked my truck. And on that note as well, my truck, I wanted to let you know, it does do about $250 to $300 a day in sales that you get taxed on. Like that, the city does get revenue from. And we'd like to keep it. Now we really would. I just unfortunately, if you have me move it 150, you mean feet or even move it every two, three days. I can tell you that we know people we've been, you mean we've done business with Cajun eats. They do park their truck for a certain amount of time. They, they actually, I love the fact that can, you all need to do the $200 deal with Miss Dawn and Miss Dawn. He's a come up and make sure we have a certificate from the city of Youngsville. And then that way she can check it and say, Hey, you got 250 bucks on a fine because right now you're right. It's too easy for somebody just to come in parking and neighborhood or park somewhere in in Sarafu. But again, I think y'all are all going about the right way. I just, I feel like the the fingers at me for one, one person or one incident. And that's that's technically why I'm here. Sorry. Well, my comment was just going to be that K, K, C, I, I want to see your business succeed. I know that the food is an integral part of it. I do. And I'm glad, you know, I'm glad of all nights that we're having this discussion. I'm kind of glad it's tonight because you, you see