to provide for I think. So lunch or something to that effect for the existing two SROs and then it is a it is a formalizing the details of a third McCrack way formalizing the request for a third which you did include in the budget that you recently passed. So I'm sorry motion by Councilman Romero and second by Mr. Bull's John is there any council comment or discussion. The city pays for the SRO salaries correct are the police department. How many kids go to this is for our. So we know that aren't young citizens are young. I don't know that number of hand I mean I can we can request that number with the this this is for a couple things about the SRO program. One is our in the in the agreement you're signing I think we are could pays is 55,000 per SRO. That is more than LPSS pays LPSS you know if him. Yeah LPSS is a lower amount but it has it has. I don't escalates the right word like 3% every year. It does not it does not pay any of the any taxes or are other related benefits with it so it's a partial basically a partial reimbursement. I don't know Arcus campus with the building that's opening this week the campus there has capacity for 4,000 students. So I would I would agree with you that a lot of them. Well I don't know I don't want to speculate but it's I think it's pretty safe to assume because they're able to take students from. You know anywhere it's a lottery system. That's a good question. We'll find out. We'll request the information. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. We budget through this too. Yes, Ms. Champagne. I have a few questions. The $55,000 that covers their entire salary just as hourly. That's what they, that's what they need 55th. That's what they need 55th. Catherine, do you know what the total benefits, what are their benefits at the city pays? I know we absorb the taxes on it. What else do we absorb, the city? We have emperors. Emperors, and how much is the percentage of emperors now? It's recently just going