All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome. Like to call the meeting to order today is Thursday, June 8th. We welcome you to Young's Old City Hall. This evening, I'd like to invite Deacon Joshua LeBlanc to lead us in our invocation. And then if you'll remain standing, the pledge this evening will be led by councilmember Lundy Boljiano. Thank you. Heavenly Father, you're sent your son as a perfect example of integrity and service reminding us that we came that he came to be served, that he came not to be served, but to serve, showing us the way to selflessness and love. Grant us the strength and humility to follow in your footsteps as we fulfill our roles as stewards of this city. We ask for your guidance, dear Lord, as decisions are made that impact the lives of our fellow citizens. Help us always to seek the truth and to act with integrity in all matters. May we be honest and transparent in our dealings, ensuring justice and fairness prevail in our city. We pray for unity among us, Lord, recognizing that a house divided against itself cannot effectively serve the people we represent. Help us to set aside any personal egos, agendas, and instead work together for the common good. With discussions and debates here, be marked by respect and understanding, allowing us to find the best solutions for the challenges we face. Grant us, O Lord, a deep sense of responsibility for the well-being of our city and all its citizens. Help this council to make decisions that promote harmony, equality, and the dignity of every individual human person. Inspire us to be compassionate and just, remembering the words you spoke, whatever you do for one of the least of these you did unto me. We entrust the future of Young'sville into your hands, loving father. Guide us in our efforts to create an environment where integrity flourishes, where the needs of the vulnerable are met, and where justice is upheld. Help us to be mindful of our duty to serve. May all authority use their positions to make positive differences in the lives of those they represent. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, your Son, who lives and reigns with you in the Holy Spirit, God forever and ever, amen. Name of the Father, Son, Holy Spirit, amen. I want to leave it to the people of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation, under God, in the end of Israel, with liberty and justice for all. All right, welcome again, Indika, and thank you so much. We appreciate your work as our chaplain of the Young'sville Police Department as well. So it's a pleasure to have you here this evening. All right, agenda item 2.1 is approval of the meeting minutes May 11, 2023. All right, thank you, Miss Champagne, second by Mr. Volgiano. Any council comment, any public comment? There's no public comment. Miss Gidry, please