No, I think you can. If you table it, it can be brought back up. But if we deny, it cannot. Correct. I have an alternate substitute motion to deny. OK. Ms. Barra's. I'll second it. Second to the denying. OK. Let me just make a comment. I mean, what I would like to see is I hear the community is ready to have a conversation about it. So I would like some of you to volunteer yourselves or that I would ask it perhaps the historic society, I think Mr. Gidry ordinances are products of the council. So I would like for you all to, because I need some direction on how to demonstrate the planning of this, you know, of the planning. So I agree that it needs some. We need to look at it. Me too. OK. I'm a historical society. So Mr. Bulljab, I think we're agreeing with two different terms. I'm not saying table it in the sense of bringing it back next month in a prove it. I'm saying table it is in. I feel like when we, when we, when we are motion to deny, it just dies. And this is why we're back here today with the same instance. So I want to make sure that when we are motioning to deny it, that there's actual dialogue and people are going to invest their time into it because what happens is it doesn't happen. It's the same rhetoric. So I think we're agreeing, but your motion to deny is in like kicking to the curb. And I'm motion to, I want to table and have discussion in dialogue. So I guess for the same thing, I guess you just, I want to make sure that we're clear on that. My concern was that it could come back. When you motion to table, that was my understanding. It can be brought back. I'm motioning to deny because I don't want this type of development to come back to us and waste their time. I'm not going to waste their time either. So I mean, I had mentioned earlier, if y'all would like a motion to deny and also set a moratorium on any new multi-family developments in the historic district, that could be the motion until we do some type of committee and architectural design to see what the downtown area should look like. Therefore, if anyone comes in and buys property in that area, there will be a moratorium. It will not come to this committee because a moratorium would stop that, right? Right. That is great. So my motion, I guess, I should change that. But then what are you putting in place? So you're putting a moratorium, but then they're going to go, then what can I build there? And you're going to go, I don't know. That's why I was saying table. No, I'm saying no more multi-family. Correct. And then they're going to go, so what can I