that's in response to the city's ordinance. Yes, sir. Okay. And then on the backside, I know I think Garrett in our office may have reached out just to clarify. The current ordinance council, you recall there was a requirement that second story windows had bermuda shutters, which this is the window of a muted shutter comes out like this. Yes. It's kind of helped create some privacy. And it was my understanding of Mrs. Chappelle, you were fine with that requirement. Yes. So just pointing that out because that that would be the difference of the picture that you're seeing. And I'm sure that you're seeing on this image. Mr. Garrett said either a bermuda or the Bahamas shutters. That's correct. One of the two. I think so. Yeah. Any other general comments about it before we get into maybe some some questions? Or a goal is ultimately to help beautify the neighborhood with something like that aesthetically. Okay. And have some affordable rentals. Okay. Thank you, sir. Councilman Champagne. Thank you. First of all, thank you all for wanting to invest in young sale. We really appreciate it. What are you in? What is your intent for the church street lot? We want to do something very similar to that. Very similar. Recently is as late as last month. We refused someone to come in and build multi-family homes on one single lot. And I believe that by doing this, we're losing the integrity of what we call our historic district downtown. The way that we have envisioned our district as well as the longstanding people that have lived there all their lives. My other concern, which is a very large concern also, is these streets are so narrow that it cannot hold increase in traffic. So, I think that's the only way to make sure that we can build a city here when the town homes downtown were approved. It was a consensus of this council to allow those to be built and see how that worked out in our downtown area. So, my consensus is I'm not going to agree to do this today. Or probably ever again in the downtown area, the historic district. You purchase a property, not do believe if you put a beautiful home on that property and beautify that that lot. It's beautiful property to begin with. I think that would be perfectly acceptable, a single family home. But I'm not going to have these types of homes come in and start impacting neighbors that have been there all their lives. That's not what we envision our historic district to be. So, at this time there, I would like for anyone else to speak. I just want the council to know that I'm not in favor and will not vote for this. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate y'all wanting to beautify the area. Thank you. Is there any other council comment? We invite public comment at this time. How are