fine, a combination of both would be within the purview of the administration. All right, so you want to consider modifying the third offense, I guess. I'd like the discussion about my fine. I mean, it'd be a, Nicole section 8108 item C to add removal from property by city administration. Is that order removal, order of removal, yeah, sorry, and this would be or so they would be a sort of, okay, totally agreeable. Okay, so there's a motion site, it's open for council. Yeah, I'm going to go through some of the highlights. Yeah, yeah, how, currently, how many food trucks we have operating or trailers in our in our own? Yeah, good question. To my knowledge, we have two that are under regular operation. Two that are under regular operation, and then there's, I think, another two that come in seasonally are rotate, move around a little bit. I tell you just a little bit high level about this, I mean, food trucks are something that, that, I mean, they're new, it's something that have been on, I think, all of our radar for a while. I don't think anybody's taken any pleasure in suggesting any type of regulation on food trucks. That was not, we didn't seek out to do this, because as you all know, this was sitting on the back burner for some time. With this, with this ordinance that's proposed, does a couple of things. One, this is a change from the introduction that I want to point out to everyone. When we're talking about this ordinance, we're talking about one food truck. Two or more becomes a commercial establishment. Commercial establishments will be subject to commercial development requirements, and that's going to be, you know, like a hard surface, but a more in-depth process. So this at this time does not allow there to be a food truck park. The second thing that it does, it does require there to be a permit. The permit is a $200, permit fee for a calendar year. The permit requires there to be proof of Department of Health and Hospitals that you are, that you can serve food, sales tax registration, just basically proof that you have a sales tax number, and you have the means to remit sales tax, a picture of the food truck, and a written permission from the property owner where the truck is located. This food ordinance, food truck ordinance prohibits a food truck to be parked on any city property or right away, outside of it, unless it's especially been permit, could be allowed. So basically a permit fee, $200, that's annually. It only applies to one food truck, a simple permit process, just a picture of it, a proof that you're eligible to serve food, proof that you're eligible or have the means to remit sales tax, then the requirements at that point, food trucks have to be parked, cannot be parked any closer than 150 feet from