 you you you you you you you are you ready all right All right, good evening everyone. Welcome. Tonight is the regular schedule meeting of the Young Soul Mayor and City Council. But before we're gonna have a special meeting. So thank you all for coming a little bit early. I apologize for the delay for our opening this evening. I'd like to ask Councilman Champagne to lead us in the invocation and then also the Pledge of Allegiance. Please. Dear Heavenly Father, as leaders of our glory and city, we are gathered here tonight, asking for your guidance and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding, and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at Thonur Z and we pray to enjoy your blessings. Guide us in following your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus, amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, individual, with liberty and justice for all. All right, thank you, Ms. Champagne. Nicole, please call the roll. Ms. Bares, here is the Bojiano. Here. Mr. Romero. Vajquette and Vijandee, Ms. Champagne, here. All right, there's really just one deal on the agenda for this special meeting that it's to fill the unexpired term of Ken Stansbury. As you know, Ken Stansbury was fortunate, we're fortunate to now have him begin in a January representing us on the Lafayette parish council. We wish him the best of luck. It's sincerely been a personal privilege of mine to be able to serve with him since I have been fortunate to serve as your mayor. So now with his vacancy being received by the Secretary of State, the council has an agenda item tonight to appoint an interim council member to division D to fill the unexpired term of Ken Stansbury who resigned his position effect or October 16th, 2023. So agenda item 3.1 will open the floor. Well, first let me do this if I can. Couple of the candidates are here. I just want to acknowledge them. No particular order, but Ms. LaSagne Dumbar is here. LaSagne, great to see you again. Thank you for putting your name into the hat. Miss Jamie Cree is here as well. And the second row, Jamie, thank you for your continued service to our community. Mr. Drake Ward's here in the front row. And then also Mr. Philip Canahan is here as well. Am I missing anybody that's here? For the public's benefit, we did have nine applicants for the interim council seat. One of the candidates, Ms. Glen DeBrine, has elected to withdraw her name. Ms. Bryan's active in our historic society. And as we've reported previously, they're doing some work in the 307 Iberia building, which is formally the chamber. They've started the demolition, the remodeling of that building. So she's focused on that project right now. So anyway, with that being said, in the applicants that are here being acknowledged, it's open for nominations for the council. All right, Mr. Romero has a nomination, yes sir. Nominate, Ms. Jamie Cree. All right, Mr. Romero nominates Ms. Cree. Let's see, is there any other nominations at this time? All right, Mr. Romero, any comments regarding the nomination for Ms. Cree? I'm just going to echo kind of what you said. Never in my nine years on the council, I thought we'd do five different appointments, one including the chief of police, four council members. I think this is obviously a different situation where we had a council member who wanted a higher office. It's great for us, like you said, but it's a difficult decision for not on myself, but I know my fellow colleagues in the mayor if needed. And every applicant, it was great talking to y'all, getting to know you better. I don't think it's the last that we've seen of a lot of y'all, so I appreciate y'all putting your name in the hat. All right, thank you, Mr. Romero. Ms. Barra's was in the comments. All right, any other council comments? Okay, it's open for public comment, at this time for anyone who wishes to address the council. All right, if there's no woman that wishes to address the council, this is Gidry, please call the vote on the nomination. All in favor, motion approved. Congratulations, Ms. Cree. For all of you guys, I sincerely thank you. I hope this isn't the last that we see or hear from you, and I don't believe that it is, because there was a lot of common denominators in the resumes that I looked through, and I think it's fair to say that everyone loves this community. I'm happy to be part of it, so I appreciate all the contributions and the desire to put yourself in your families up for public service. So thank you all sincerely. All right, the second item on the agenda, our clerk report, Louis Paret, unfortunately is under the weather and unable to attend this evening, so our city attorney, Mr. Wade Traum, is gonna swear in, not only Ms. Cree, but then also Ms. Barra's. Ms. Barra's, we had a private swearing in ceremony, a councilman barra's, we had a private swearing in ceremony since she was elected to fill a previous interim appointment. We had a private ceremony here. It was open to the public, but it was private, just because it was kind of short notice, and I wanted her to be able to do it again with, you know, just in a more formal setting. So, all right, Mr. Traum, Ms. Cree. Ms. Cree. Yeah, we can. Ms. Cree, you're freezing right here. You have to be by taking free practice to solving the square report for the state of emergency. That I will support the Constitution and laws of the United States and the Constitution and the Constitution and laws of this state and that I will faithfully and impartially discharge and perform all the duties incumbent upon me as council member, division D, city of Young'sville, according to the best of my ability and understanding. So help me, God, congratulations. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Come here. Barra's. Thank you. Mm. Uh, there's a, a, yeah. Again, it's a lot to keep up with. Yeah. Raise your hand. You have to be pleased. I, Shane and Barra's. Do solemnly swear. Barra firm. Barra firm. Barra firm. That I will support the Constitution and the laws of the United States and the Constitution and laws of this state and that I will faithfully and impartially discharge and perform all the duties incumbent upon me as council member, division A, city of Young'sville, according to the best of my ability and understanding. So help me, God. Welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back. Good Sunday. All right. Council members, any motion to adjourn? Motion. All right, motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second. Second by Ms. Champagne. See all in favor. All right. All right. Sorry, I was a little bit easier than the, go through the computer. So, all right, meeting adjourned and we'll resume at six o'clock. So thank you all again and I sincerely appreciate everyone that's put themselves up for it. So, and hope that we can work together again on other projects and initiatives or can see up here, Derna, through a campaign. So thank you. Meeting adjourned.