We have three preliminary plans for council consideration on our agenda item. I'm sorry. I don't have the particular agenda in front of me to see which one. Right. Thank you. 2.1. Request for preliminary plet approval. Sugarmobon phase 27. Located section 18t 11s r 5. We have a couple of members of the public here. Mr. Seminoe, our city engineer is going to review his recommendation after reviewing some of the preliminary plets. Some of the preliminary pletix use me some of the comments to the council will invite public comment at that time for any for the item. And then we'll listen to any council comments or feedback. So once we close the public hearing, we'll move into the regular council meeting at six o'clock. And the council is still able to discuss it. But all the count, all the public comment is to be take place at this public hearing. So if there's no question on that, we'll go ahead and Clint, you want to address your comments, your letters for sure. So, please, please. Yes, sir. So council, sugarmobon phase 27. I just want to give you a. An idea of where this is being located. I went ahead and kind of box out the area of the aerial on on. And I'm going to put a bunch of them up on because it's kind of, they're doing a lot of phases here. So if you see my mouse here, this is where phase 10 is. And the last phase that that was approved in the previous council meeting was phase 26, which came down here, making that connection down onto Savo. This is going to be phase 27, which is going to be connected to it. So, yeah, mayor, with that being said, I recommend that the city of youngsville approve this plenary plot with the following comments. I recommend no waivers to the revisions included in the ADRC report. All streets must have designated street parking stalls. Label each detention upon and include the area include the name and addresses of the property owners that are adjacent to this subdivision. That notes for the single family lots, town homelots, and detention lots include their number and area. Number six, a 56 foot right away section is required for streets to have parking stalls and both sides of the roadway. For the plaque conditions, I recommend waivers to condition five and replace with the city of youngsville's ordinances. A waiver is being requested by the developer for condition 15 in the ADRC report council. This is an ADRC comment that's stating that all streets, all lots must have street frontage. I recommend no further waivers to the remaining items included in the ADRC report. The developer is reminded that all new construction must be elevated 18 inches above the center line of the road or one foot above the BFB, whichever is higher. In the rest of these comments or our typical comments, but, but