 I'd like to call this meeting to order for our opening. I'm inviting Pastor Joe Cormier from Young Souls 1st Assembly to lead us in our invocation. And then our pleasure, Senior Movie Lead, by Council Member Romero. I make my bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, we thank you Lord for your grace and mercy upon us. Lord, as the sign reads, in God we trust. So Father, we've put our full trust in you tonight for this meeting, Lord, I pray your blessings upon it. I pray your blessings upon our city officials, our city leaders, all of our council members, our city police and firemen. Lord, and all of those who are here representing our city government today, Lord, just bless them and give them innovation and ideas, Lord, as they lead this city to wherever it is that you would have us to go. Or we just thank you for this opportunity that we have to gather in this new facility. And we give you thanks for it, Lord, it's through the people of this city, but it's through your blessings upon us that we have the opportunity to enjoy this type of facility. So thank you, Lord, for it. And we just give you all the glory and honor tonight. And it's in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. Legend to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic, which it stands, one nation, and the God, and the people, who will never be in justice for all of them. Mayor, if I could interrupt please. Yes, sir. Prior to, can we add, make a motion to add and open the agenda for the Youngsville Historical Society, a discussion item at 4.2? Yes, sir, a motion to amend the agenda to get a report from the Youngsville Historical Society. Is there a second on that motion? Second. Second by Councilwoman Reo. This would require unanimous vote to put the addition. Ms. Giger, please call the vote. Ms. Reo? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Sanesbury? Yes. Ms. Shampa? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Nicole, for the hearing. And agenda item 2.1 nomination and appointment for Mayor Pro Tem. We'll open nominations at this time. Hey, Mayor, I'd like to make a quick comment first and then nominate. It's been a pleasure. It's been an honor to serve as Mayor Pro Tem over the last two years. We have two council members that, one, spend around for one term, the other two terms. And even though that Mayor Pro Tem is normally a four-year appointment, we have decided that we're going to nominate for two-year terms for the first two, Councilman Romero, and the other one, Councilman Volgiano. That's my nomination. Thank you. Is there a second on the nomination? Or actually, I don't know that we require a second. So is there any other nominations, I should say? I'd like to nominate Mindy Volgiano for the four-year. All right. So we have a motion to do two and two. And that motion is by Councilman Restanesbury. And then we have a motion from Miss Ryo. Are there any other nominations? OK, for closing nominations, Miss Gidry, or we do a voice vote, I guess, at this time. Sure. OK. Is there a motion? Mr. Volgiano? We choose which motion to go with. Yes. I'll go with Ken Stansbury's motion. OK, Mr. Romero? The first motion. Mr. Stansbury? First motion. Mr. Shampai? First motion. Mr. Ryo. Mindy Volgiano. We go to two years for Mr. Romero first and Mr. Volgiano's second. All right. We'll congratulations to both of you. Congratulations. Thank you. All right. We'll go into the mayor's appointments. Guys, there's really not a lot of change here. I'll go through and tell you my recommendations for the positions. And then I guess we can decide. You can make a decision of the effort of time that you can take them together. We can go individually. 3.1 for city clerk. I'm nominating Nicole Gidry to stay in the role. City Treasurer, Mr. Ben Burley, the city attorney, would be Wade, Toronto. Public Works Director. This one, let me just clarify this. The street commissioner is a title that's referenced in the Laws and Act, which is the Act in which we're governed. That's simply the way it's written there. Our public works director, our deputy CEO is Mr. Terry Bork. I'm nominating him for the position. Our magistrate judge. It would be Tom Budetti. Our city prosecutor is Mr. Pett Kay and our audit firm is going to be colder Shampai. And so it's these are the ones that were required to do. I'll also share, I mean that. Of course, continuation of leadership in the Parks and Rec Department, Mr. Tim, unfortunately, is under the weather this evening. Clint's a vast client to continue serving as our city engineer. And we anticipate continuing to use the same services or look for other vendors to add to. The firms that we're using now for engineering services. As you know, our chief administrative officer, Miss Sally, Andrews did retire at our last meeting. I'm doing it just our leadership teams doing an assessment of our strengths and where we can compliment each other as a team. So we're doing that. I'm proud to say that we have a great leadership team and they're picking up the pieces and we're learning how we can compliment each other best. And we'll have to be having further direction on that position soon. And I have begun the process. Mr. Burley has announced his intention to retire at the end of this year. That date he did tell me could be a little flexible. But I am seeking I have we opened recruiting efforts for our chief financial officer. And we are in the process of recruiting that position, which is another reason why I'm pausing briefly. So as a leadership team, we can really figure out how to best compliment and move ourselves forward. So I would ask that you just ratify the appointments of or if you have any other question about it. I'm happy to answer or address them. I mean, unless you all it's up to you guys. You're welcome. One at a time. Or you can do all it together together. Motion to accept all the marital appointments for the four year term. All right. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Motion. Mr. Romero. Second. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment? Okay. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stan's very. Yes. Miss Sean Pine. Yes. Thank you. All right. All right. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Recognitions. Persons to address the council 4.1. Gracie. Jiu Jitsu. You're young. So I asked to announce the upcoming biojiu Jitsu the tournament at the young sports complex on February 11th. How you doing, sir? Welcome. Good to see you again. Thank you guys for having me. Sure. So yeah, good. Big excited news for the community. There's been a lot of tournaments in the local areas, but not one in Jiu Jitsu. For Jiu Jitsu, I should say. And we're proud to be going in almost 50 plus students deep into the tournament, including myself and all of my team. So what I want to do is just try to get as much, you know, support going in and blowing wind in our sales as we can. And I want to say that the two ladies that are promoting it and providing all of the tournament rules, regulations and format for it is out of shrew port. So they're coming here. Big deal from people from all around Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi, all the outskirts areas coming. So I really want to one, you know, support local with the closest school competing there. And we have some local people that sponsoring who you craft coffee, a couple people going in sort of be good to for the community, for our school and of all the businesses. So this could be a really big thing for the community, special out Jiu Jitsu community, right? It's super small. You know, as always, we're proud to be in Young'sville. And any support is good support. You know, and. You know, Jiu Jitsu is not well known, right? We do a very good job of teaching the self defense aspect of it that can cater to men, women and kids. So I just wanted to kind of put it out. I kind of talked to Matt about it and I talked to you about it and. Just wanted to kind of share my thoughts in to pump the program and take it off because I my attention is if they come once a year, everybody's going to benefit in the community, including myself, all the businesses. And I wanted to be here more often, which in return, you know, everybody benefits. So from people that don't live in the area like, man, this is a cool community, man. Hey, what about bringing a business here? You know, it can trickle in all those rivers, you know what I mean? So thanks for having me. That's pretty much it. The Bayou Jiu Jitsu League is the tournament. So if you guys are in the area, we'd love to support there to support our school. And everybody that you might know that that can be competing in it. So it'll be pretty cool. Yeah, February level. We appreciate your leadership in the community. Property owner on church street right in the heart of our city. So you an excellent partner. We appreciate all that you do. And for bringing the tournament to young zool and we look forward to supporting you and helping you with anything that we can there as well. Thank you. Appreciate you. All right. Thank you so much. Look forward to it. All right. And we'll go with 4.2. The Young zool historic society. Miss Glenda Brian is going to discuss some things and counsel. I shared with you a late addition to your email. But Clint has it also and I've asked him to kind of go through that. So. Thank you, Mayor and council appreciate the opportunity to be here this evening. I'm here on behalf of the Young'sville Historical Preservation Society. And we were officially formed in 2019 in September. And we are guided by our mission statement, which is to preserve, celebrate and share the history of Young'sville Louisiana. Since our inception, our 14 charter members have worked toward a goal of having a historical museum for the city of Young'sville. And hoping that visitors and residents alike would be able to enjoy and learn about our history and our culture. In recent days, we've become aware of an opportunity that may be a perfect fit for a museum. The home is located on Lafayette Street, just a short walk from city hall from the municipal complex. And it is one of the oldest homes in our area that's still here. It's about 110 years old. It is it's just a hand, it's just one of a handful of the city's homes that are still standing. At one time, this home was also a company home for the refinery that was here in Young'sville. And it actually does back up. It's adjacent to the refinery property. There are a lot of reasons why it would be beneficial to have a museum for Young'sville. While Young'sville is not currently known for its tourism, a museum may inspire others with ideas that will encourage visitors to our city. Museums create a sense of well-being and help us feel proud of where we are from and where we live. Museums are a critical component to preserving our local culture where we came from and where we hoped to go. Historical museums have been known to protect the investment of the homeowners in the area. A museum is a vehicle for education and would be a great school-filled destination for our students. A museum positively impacts the city by enhancing business recruitment. One of only a handful of historical homes left in the city. It would be ashamed to see it not used for something other than historical means for the city. It is located at the gateway to our city and could also serve as a tourist information center for the city. The city could use this museum for city events such as small meetings and community programs. It is definitely an investment into our quality of life. I am here asking you tonight to consider purchasing this property for the city. T.B. used as a historical museum but also with multiple uses. This museum could offer that final piece of the puzzle in our wonderfully expanding and progressing city that we have. It could be that one little piece that could just make the puzzle all fit together. So I thank you again for the opportunity to be here tonight. I know this is a huge ask but I think it's something very worthwhile for the city. Does anybody have any questions? Yes. If this is purchased, what are some of the plans? I know this is still new but I know you all have been thinking about this for a long time. We have spent the last I guess four or five years collecting things for the city. I know that many people that knew that we were planning for this offer to donate or loan items that are in their possession that were originally hearing young's bill. One for example is Mr Wayne Dupuis. He has a bust of Benjamin Franklin Flanders. And Mr Flanders was the governor of Louisiana at one time just right after the Civil War. We have a lot of money that we have to donate that to us. We have other items. We have farm implements. We have all sorts of things that people have paintings and pictures and things like that that really can. And you see all this stuff in the back. It's about 0.66 of an acre. I thought it would be great to have a pumpkin patch where the kids in the schools in Young'sville each got their own pumpkin and then they would bring the pumpkin to school, paint it. And then we could pick up the pumpkins and set up a beautiful pumpkin walk where the kids could take their parents and go find their pumpkins in the, you know, in the backyard there. And I think that there's many things I mean it could be used for even events like a baby shower or something like that if somebody wanted to pay for it. If I know means am I saying this is going to be a money maker, but I think there are a few opportunities. Our organization have had many people tell us that they would be willing to staff it voluntarily and there are so many grants that we could get to, you know, that we could hope to get to be able to help maintain it. We are so, we know this is very quick, but the sense of urgency is that it's getting a lot of attention and I just hate to see it go to a business when there's so many places businesses could go in Young'sville. And I think the purpose of this would be better suited as a, as a museum. We'll follow on question so it let's say we go through the purchase we buy it. Y'all would be in charge of it, manning it. We would be we would curate it. Okay. Yes, we would curate it. What about the ongoing cost of, you know, property taxes, electricity, water, something that you could. And we, we do have some money that we have raised for the, from the brick campaign. And so yes, those are all things on the table that we can discuss in terms of helping to support, you know, the city and the purchase. And I'm looking, obviously this was not in our budget. So I'm looking through our finances. If we would do this, where would you recommend. Taking out. We had a workshop this week actually. Discussing. It all starts with the sports complex and money we're borrowing there. So we're going to make comments before I continue or. Yeah, well, I can. And that's a great question. So we should, we certainly should talk about that. Glendid, this is so, we are so appreciative of the work that the society does. And I appreciate, you know, everything that you're doing to bring us. Bring it to keep the conversation alive. Because we do have to be extremely cognizant. And you and I talked earlier cognizant about where we've been in order to have a clear compass of where we're going. I didn't realize a beautiful interior of the house was of course I past it. You know, it wasn't until earlier today that I actually looked at the pictures of it. I will say that as a, as a group of elected leaders of the city, we can make anything that we deem a priority, a priority. And you know, with that said into that the council stands various point. I need really direction, you know, from the council as to where this probably fits into our priorities. Because in the reason why is because we have a very aggressive and a very ambitious schedule of improvements that are slated over the next four years and probably fairly even beyond. Well, I mean, if you tell me that this is a priority, I can, I will, we will work together and we can, we will find the funds to do it. The timing, I think that what Mr. Burley is alluding to is we had some conversation earlier in the week. Some in, in, in internal workshop planning in order to discuss with you this evening. We had construction costs, you know, as a result of inflation. Our priorities get expansion of parks and rec, driver quality alive, an aggressive plan for our road improvements. And even though a lot of them are funded by state capital outlay, we still have a local match with regards to the road projects of which we borrowed. You know, so Ben and I were really looking at the optics of how much do we still have lined up in parks and I do think that this could be an extension of the parks and rec department currently in parks and rec as you know, I mean the 70 acres, we've acquired another 46 and a half that we are still slated to move, move forward with the plan that I'm going to give you tonight for the sports complex expansion. So the veterans park, we have the dog park that are drainage projects, but now parks and rec. And then we also have our commitment to the dagels about our joint joint partnership on the linear park to connect the Savoy to Iberius Street. I think it fits in, you know, beautifully. I wish the timing was a little bit different. Sometimes these opportunities don't always present themselves, you know, when the timing was right. Frankly, we wouldn't be sitting here today if someone on my team didn't come to me and say, have you have you thought about putting an offer in on the house that once sat at this property. So I can tell you our budget will be tied over the next few years. I don't I say that really to show strength because we have a lot planned and a lot in the works. And we're borrowing money to achieve those goals provided. We've been very fortunate tonight. We're going to give you report sales tax to six months in. We're about 11% up on sales tax. Fortunately, because we're going to need it. So I think I mean, councilman stands very to your point. I think that we what we would look at is probably have to look at a variety of funds. I don't think there's a really a clear path on on any of our funding sources. In addition with parks and rec we also have a splash pad and progress that's being constructed, you know, currently. And, and, you know, an anticipation of our budget in a few months, the parks and rec departments already submitted to us their list for the next few years resurfacing, resurfacing potentially the tennis courts at foster park, you know, to give you one of the more costly items there. So how it fits in with the finances, I think, has it's just because he knows it's going to be tight. But it's it's it's tight because we have an ambitious agenda, not just with money. And, you know, we can't build money. I mean, fortunately, we can't build everything at once. We're also going to have constraints, you know, and even if the money was there and I had complete plans and we can't have the whole city under construction at one time. So this stuff tends to work itself out, which I know this will be no difference. Can I say, I have made arrangements with the seller that if you were to consider this, we could place an offer to purchase the home with a 21 day due diligence period, which might give you a chance to look at all the different options available to you. And that that would be with a small deposit, which the historical society would make. And that would be if for some reason we just can't do it, then the deposit is returned. No questions asked. That would give you some time. I'm just going to talk about acting quickly, houses like this, don't say I'm curious. I didn't see on the MLS how long has it been on the market? It was originally listed for 365 in July. Okay. And then just lowered within the last week or so to 325. I did some research and I feel that it's still a little overpriced. There really isn't a lot to go on with the comparables in young skills specifically. So I use, you know, Lafayette comparables for that age home and historical type homes. The home that's the duplex home right next to Morvans was on the market several years ago for 725 at 160 a square foot. And this one is still at this one's at 167 a square foot. And I mean, while this house is beautiful and gorgeous, it's not anywhere compared to the duplex house, which has three acres and so forth. I do think this house maybe could come down just a bit. So, you know, that I think it was overpriced, which is why it stayed on the market a long time. And now it has spurred some excitement since the price has been lowered. I mean, I'll say I love your drive and fire. I know that personally, hear about this talk outside with my wife being on that committee with you. But I do I want to reiterate I had a lot of conversation with the mayor about this over the last just day because I know it's when we started talking about it. I wanted to see and I don't I know we didn't have time to talk to the chamber, make sure where that plan is because there is a couple different scenarios with the annex building with the building of chambers in. And I worry that other, like I say clubs, but you know city groups might feel that they were owed a facility or another piece of property as well. And in budget, obviously, I'm always asking about the dollars. And I feel Ben's cringe a little bit when anytime. I mean, that's been on the market a while maybe, I mean, obviously I know you want us to act on it tonight. Maybe it's we regroup and sit with Ben and crunch some more numbers or something. I mean, I know the sports complex fund talking to you last week. And asking our director for his list that he absolutely had to have. And there were two items not all know that I know we need. No, it's a thin list because of dollar amounts when we, you know, when we're not going to return softball fields or some other things. So that's my concern when that fund is so tight because it's always been very healthy for us. It's all right. Other other thoughts or. No, I think it's a phenomenal idea. I mean, I would love to see this in our community. I guess when it comes down to it, I'm thinking just over the past, I don't know, maybe six to 12 months. We've discussed the budget was the matches that we're going to have for the sports complex, young so highway. We put on hold staffing hiring for police and fire department for budget restraints. I think that those are some really big priorities. When we look at economic standpoint, how much revenue may generate. Do we want to cut back funding on the sports complex, which we both all know that's probably going to generate a whole lot more than a historical society. And I also think I had already made a preconceived notion that I envisioned this to be any an ex building. Maybe that's just where we were all at with it. So maybe I want to make sure we can that that resolution is done before we move on to something else. The home is beautiful. I guess I'd be almost sad to see that some of the things we removed that are there to be transitioned into a historical society home because it's a beautiful home. I don't know. There's a lot of budget discussion. I think we need to have about this before we pull the trigger on that. I would hate to do remiss if we didn't focus some other some other tensionies in the city that have been begging for before we, you know, we move on that. Could you get us some of the cops that you found so that we can just kind of sure a little bit more and see what would, you know, possibilities back. And we can just email out to the mayor and he can send them out to people. Mara, I think this warrants at least the 21 day time period, you know, where we can do the intelligence period. Just to make sure. Obviously we're just hearing about it. I know. But I think that if there's a deposit and then, you know, we can stay in contact, you know, dive into the finances a little bit more. The cops, you know, all of our expertise looking at, looking at it in different angles. And then I think we could know that in two weeks, three weeks. Anyhow. It's a no go then. It's a no go. Right. So it sounds like maybe what you're asking for is like a is a conditional. Your proposing perhaps allowing us to do a conditional review of the property. Provided that it would fulfill the objectives in the budget that we would have said. Right. I just think this is very unique. You know, I've had I traveled to her five years with my daughter and she wanted to go. And I went to communities, small communities, just because they had a museum. And so I get the draw. I see there are kids like that. There are adults like that. So I see it as an asset, especially with us not having one. And we do focus a lot on on parks and rights and which quality of life. I love it. That's exactly what we would be doing. But I think this presents a very unique opportunity. And I just think of doing this not to at least give it some time. Where if we get locked down, at least do diligence period. Like you were saying at the positive obviously you said you always take care of the deposit. Give us a extra time to see if it fit. And then make a decision. I know we won't have a council meeting. I guess that's where I would struggle with on how it'd be a council vote. So I guess we would leave it up to your discretion. I would. Yeah. Sometimes you don't know opportunities. I don't know. I do. I do think we have a wide net. We have we're doing a lot right now. I mean, we can't multitask some more in do such. And I would I would welcome that. I think what I would ask if we get this is something a direction that you're considering that perhaps we. You guys can come together with maybe having a representative or two that are willing to evaluate. Not only this asset proposed asset, but also 307 I bury a street through a five I bear street or annex building our chamber building. Because really, I mean, we haven't fully kind of circled the. You know, there was some conversations about the existing police department on fourth street. We are leaving the police department on fourth street chief and I've had discussions. I don't think it I don't think it makes sense because of our investment of foster park, the amp at the end of growing there, the connectivity between the parks. We still want to have that as a substation for patrol. So I think that one kind of comes off the radar for this conversation. I also had some short list items. I mean, the chamber. We do have a lease with the chamber commerce at 307 I bury a street. There was some discussion internally about our seniors having perhaps a expansion of the senior program the meals on wheels program land in in Sally were really working on that. And I think we have a good plan in place with the VFW hall to be able to achieve that. So there was just a few items on our short list council and I talked about the food pantry, which I mean, Stephanie and I have we've interacted quite a bit. So I don't know, but I think it almost has to be a collaborative conversation about existing. And there's not many. We're talking about, you know, three, three buildings. So councilman, you were going to say something. Thank you. It's a beautiful building, Glenda. And a wonderful idea. So we thank you. And we love with the historic commission does for us. My questions are, how is your organization formed? Are you all a 501C for C3? Are you so you're not quasi government? We're 501C3. Have you ever looked at going into quasi government where you could enter into a public private partnership with someone, which would allow you to go after capital outlay money with the state and CRT. And that's a cultural recreation in tourism with the state because that's who that's who designates your historical structures. But maybe you could give them a call and talk to you CPA because quasi government would allow you to enter into a public private partnership where as well as go to CRT to see what type of grants they may have. And you could have come up with all the money to purchase a house and the city, I would think, might want to pardon without having to maybe possibly spit pay for the whole home. But those are just some options, but you might want to exit CPA about a quasi government. It's a different. It's not a 501C3. It's a five. This is nonprofit. I have looked into grants and I told the mayor earlier that there are lots of grants available. Just because of the, you know, because of the timeline that we have right now, the phone calls that I've made most of the grants had to be turned in at the end of the year and will be distributed in April may, I think. So this particular year we can't, but we do plan to ask for grants and other, you know, Ginger or Robble A was a former principal and she's written many, many grants. So we think that we'll be able to utilize her experience and possibly get some some good grants for that. But I've never heard of that. That's really interesting and we'll definitely look into that. If you don't mind, I can talk to you about it. Sure afterwards to get more information how to get information on it. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Mary, if we're going to do the 21 day and you're asking for representation, I think Miss Rayo would be a good representative since it's in her real house with properties. If she's okay with that. I just wanted to question going to so let's just say a perfect case scenario that this is able to be purchased and whatnot. You'll have any idea on how much money would need to be put into this home in a sense to kind of make it into a story of a society because I don't know what to imagine. You could just move into this home today and it's going to be, you know, what you want to be. Well, the roof is two years old. The AC is new as well. It's been recently refurbished. So other than cleaning on the inside, we don't see a lot that we would have to do. We have we have planned to do our own display cases and the different things to put inside the outside is a little bit different story. It's not as pristine as the inside is. So, but basically it is suppression washing some cleaning. You know, you know, the whole board has said, you know, we could have a great cleanup day or five. But we do we do have some work to do on the outside. And we wouldn't try to make any initial big changes to it in the beginning. We would like to get up and running as soon as possible. You know, hopefully by, you know, the end of the summer, if we were able to get in it. Have you all come up with any kind of strategic plan on this for like generating revenue like is an entry fee or that kind of yes, we do have in our bylaws. We do have a membership. We are working with trying to get major donors in three tiers, like a bigger donor, medium donor and smaller donors to help. And you know, early on we talked to the mayor for a city for a city of historical museum. We weren't sure about charging an admission, but we've been touring our group has been touring different museums and they all charge. So I think it's, you know, something that's expected when you tour a museum. So yes, we would do that. We've also the kitchen is kind of an interesting kitchen. We think we could do some Cajun cooking classes in there. We could invite speakers to come and talk about the city. We have so many older people that have, you know, I was so fortunate to have gotten to interview Mr. Seymall before he passed away. I interviewed him in July. Like July the third, the year before he passed away this past July. And I am a clone of the night where it is house for I know about four hours and his whole entire living room has pictures everywhere and he took a flashlight as his pointer. And he would go, this is my son, you know, he was telling us all about everything. And then he must have, he must have had 20 or 30 photo albums. And you know, somebody like that that could have come in and talked to a group of school children about the fire department or or just anything in young's field. I think it would be a real good thing for our children and for adults alike. Yeah, I guess the basis of my, I guess you can answer my question. I was more concerned. I didn't know if I'm, you know, had any intentions on shifting walls, removing things. I didn't know that's all realistic with this exact. I don't think we, I don't think we have to. Okay. Yeah, it's, it really is set up very nicely for a museum. And I'll volunteer as well. You said to. Before whoever wants to pull the wagon. I should have expected. Well, I think I think there's some opportunities. I mean, you know, when we really wanted to do something, we found a way up most of them. So I think we just need to know the plan. It's new. I know y'all thought about it, but let's, you know, we'll just make sure there's a good plan here and some ideas about raising money over the over time. You know, we'll talk about potentially even maybe us purchasing it and buy it back from us or, you know, let's just see. Let's see what we can do in 21 days. You okay with that? Everyone else is okay. You need a motion. Some side podges. I think it was their emotion. I'm going. Yeah, I made a motion to. I'm going to go into the due diligence phase with purchasing the property at 403 Lafayette Street. With the historical society put in the deposit. But no commitment until we reconvene at a special council. The motion by councilman stands very second. Second by councilman Volgiano, any council comment. Yes, we are doing a vote. We'll welcome any other public comment. All right, no public comment. Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry. Miss Roberts. Yes, come on up. Yes. But as a board member of the Mr. presentation side, I just want to invite all of y'all to go out and look at the bridge. Miss Roberts. Really nice. The sidewalk out in front facing the roundabout. And we are still selling bricks. If you need a. Yeah, just so we can hear. Yeah, we did. Yeah, the meetings being streamed just so we can. That's why the mic. Anyway, we are still selling four by eight bricks for $100. So you help pave the way. Leave a like a. Honor over a memory of. And you also provide the proceeds go to the side to help with this. How is the brick campaign going? No, no, no, no. All right, perfect. All right. Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Roberts. Is there any other public comment? All right. If there's no public comment, we had a motion. Second. This is called. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you very much. Council Mayor. Thank you, Glouder. All right. 5.1 approval of the minutes from December 8, 2022. A motion. All right. Thank you, Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Council comment. The public comment. The schedule. Please call the. Is Champagne. Yes. Miss Ryo. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. I'll give you two. Two. Two. Thank you. Two. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Thank you. Miss Champagne seconds. Any council discussion? Any public comment. Right. I kind of alluded to it earlier, but the sales tax report six months in to the fiscal year increase year over year of the one cent sales tax is 11.15%. Miss Keidjou just called a vote on the approval of the finance report. Yes Mr. Volgiano. Yes Mr. Romero. Yes Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion. Thank you. Thank everybody who's here for the public hearing. Mostly everybody. Request for preliminary platter approval. Sugarmobon phase 27. Go ahead the next. Well I've got some of them. This one. Motion to approve preliminary clatter or sugarmobon phase 27. With the addition of the waiver of item number 14, 15, 18, adding the fire hydrants per fire chief request and adding the house numbers on the rear of the homes that are on alleyways. Sounds inclusive. We discussed all right. I'll second. All right. Thank you. Mr. Romero, Miss Champagne. We further council comment. All right. Miss Gidry. Oh yes sir. Mr. Dago. Yes. Did we miss something? That's the second one. That's the next one. That's the second item. We're still the sugarmobon on the first. No worries. No problem. Yep. Right. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Sandsbury. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Rio. Motion approved. All right. And then 7.2 is request for preliminary platter approval of the revised Rose Walk preliminary platter. I'm motion. All right. I'd like to make a motion to approve Rose Walk with the following waivers waiver of ordinance 155.2 waiver of number 12 and 13 of the ARDC and waiver of the cross-access line C1 and C2 and waiver of number 15 with the ARDC and waiver of ARDC number 16. Okay. I'll second. I wanted to see if Miss Champagne be okay. I'm ending to add signage for the dead end streets that are instead of the tea turnarounds. Sure. Okay. So that's that's waiving. Are you asking a way of condition number 6, the specific platter of visions to replace that with signage. There's an clarification on that from you both. Yeah. Correct. Okay. Is that correct? Okay. All right. As a motion and a second, is there any council discussion on that particular item? No. All right. It's your day. Yes. That was a. Yeah. You did. Yeah. All right. Any other clarification or comments? Excuse me in the schedule. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Miss Reo. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you, Mr. Dagle. So, okay. Right. It's great to see you. Excuse me. All right. 7.3 requests for preliminary platter approval of the Saban lot one until lots 1a and 1b. I'm like a motion to approve a preliminary platter approval for a partition of a lot one until lots 1 and a and 1b for Saban. I'm sorry. Thank you, Mr. Volgiano. Miss Stansberry. Any council comment? Okay. There's no council comment. Miss Gidritches. Call the Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Reo. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. Resolutions 8.1s resolution 2020-01 resolution of the City of Youngsoil authorized in signatures for bank authorization cards and any other financial matters. Motion to approve mayor. All right. Thank you, Miss Champagne. Is there a second? Second. There's no council comment or discussion. Any public comment? This is just procedural at the beginning of the term updating the authorized signers on all the city's bank accounts. Miss Gidritches, please call the vote. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Reo. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Motion approved. Right a point to resolution 2020 to resolution of the city of young'sville mayor and city council in support of the construction of an athletic stadium at Southside high school I'd like to ask Mayor pro Tim or mayor. Oh, if you'd like to address this no he and councilman shampine have been working on this and Yeah, I'll be the creep and I possibly would be turned over to the booster club president mr. David I think we've all had these conversations. I know several y'all have either been a game or talked about It's time. It's time and another mayor's studies had an email draft sitting there waiting to write out and I think it was just it's all about timing the booster club meeting had a great meeting their leadership with the LPSS leadership mr. Ross Clare and some others I attended that it went well It's I can say best baby steps the Booster club meeting didn't have their own meeting a misschomp on was there, which is great She gave a lot of advice and her background from literally side and I have to I just think it's gonna show a good unity of faith That this community and his leadership Understands there is a gap at our high school. There's a hole in Needs to be filled when it's the only five-day school I can think of in the state that does not have a stadium and they're successful as they are Now where does this go from here? Hopefully it continues a discussion I'll give maybe mr. David the opportunity to say if he needs to say anything and Hopefully everybody can consider this resolution Miss Shampine do you have anything that you want to add maybe well. Oh no sir welcome mr. Davi Thank you council appreciate the the vote of confidence and I know I've had conversations with most of y'all It's like mr. Merrimero said it's time that For one that LPSS kid at least turn over a plan and that's kind of all were Asking for it's been six football seasons going on number seven And there's not a plan for a stadium so With Limited kind of backing up to this point. We're trying to rally the troops for lack of word Like a term I guess But I think I think we're in the right direction and like I said, I appreciate the council Kind of coming together and kind of be able to propose a resolution Thank you for your leadership. Yeah, thank you for your work on it mr. Davi All right Yeah, motion to accept resolution number 2023-02 Oh, all right. Thank you mr. Merrim and Shampine any council discussion on this item What do you what do you all anticipate would be the next the next step? We were how can we further help? Support or I mean obviously awareness I think is a huge component and I think that's where mr. Davi's group has been successful Or but they can't they can't do it alone what what we're showing on the screen here is the Believe it's roughly 600 acres that's owned by the Latvia power school System You can see the the current layout of the footprint is on the lower left of that of that site It's actually crosses Shambord lower left of the parcel that's on shimmy matter, but there's a lot of undeveloped land there I think it's reasonable to expect there'd be continued discussion and collaboration with the school system I mean really not just about athletic facilities, but I mean Candidly I mean the reason that we should have confidence and continuing to grow is because of I mean we know the charter schools doubling their footprint 2004 thousand kids, but they won't be able to do it alone. We're gonna need the assistance and the continued cooperation of our school system so I think this is good and I appreciate you guys taking the lead to continue the conversations and the dialogue To keep it forefront and to keep the citizens of young zil and the The parents and students are south-south high school in the forefront so I might make one when they'll quick comment I just know that you know elected leaders, you know got the school there Elected leaders could help get a stadium there. So it's gonna be elections are not over So this is when you really start to go talk to you, you know, perspective member board members not just in our district, but in other districts and See where they're staying. I mean we all have friends outside up here. So just getting involved. I Think that could make a big difference I agree Any other council, any public comment related to this All right, there's no further public comment. I'm a skidger. Just call the vote in the resolution. Miss Ryo. Yes, Mr. Volga. Yes, Mr. Romero. Yes, Mr. Sanbury. Yes, yes Yes All right, we have two ordinances for introduction introduction tonight If adopted this evening they'll come back to our future council meeting for another vote to be considered for adoption the first one is ordinance 481 2023 an ordinance of the city of Young Zulu, Louisiana Aminning section 24 23 rates established Prescribing the rates charges and deposits for solid waste and recycle service accounts Service by the city of Young Zulu, Louisiana Merrill introduced ordinance number 481 2023. All right. Thank you, Mr. Stan's very Second all right second by councilman Ryo I'll tell you this briefly about it The only change that I think that we're proposing in this is the waste garbage garbage cost we've been holding at $20 for residential pickup since 2019 in April of 2019 we've been at base rate of our flat rate of $20 for garbage With $10 for an additional card since that time We've we've had the normal Consumer price index increases from our provider waste management that we've absorbed and we've not passed on To to the residents what we're proposing is to move from solid waste removal and recycle and also let me say that the cost to recycle His has gone up significantly It's my opinion that our residents still place a great value on the recycling service We've seen some other communities that have discontinued that program But I feel that we can still deliver because of the participation that we have in the recycling program I still think that we can offer that service to our residents What we're asking for after going through this last year's audit is to move the $20 for Trash and recycling to $23 With an additional card cost from 10 to $12 So and it's really just to make the adjustments to make sure that that we're not subsidizing the garbage collection service In our community and I think fairly if we were to account all of our expenses that are garbage related To the garbage department like the the once and twice a month sweeps for heavy debris items and branches at the roadside we're not Expensing that to the garbage department we're absorbing that in our streets expense Which is and it is an appropriate spot to do it But if we allocated truthfully all of our expenses for garbage We would see this amount even be higher And then just one further point you know, it's never a good time to ask for a rating crease So therefore I did provide the council and their packets with some information About prior to 2019 it was 2017 when we went from 18 to $20 At that time the Additional card state from was $10 and 2017 it was $10 and 2019 But also in your for comparison We've also provided you with the the rates for a few of the other comps in the area Including two bids that were just received by the city of scott for comparable service that excluded Excluded recycling and headed at recycling centers throughout their community So I'm sorry, Mrs. Dancer. Yeah comment. Yeah, Mary Based on our last audit obviously we were underwater on this section Does this get us above above board? It does We felt that this broadest been we were I think we were at it bracing brings us to an even point We're not trying to top-rate profitable in this department We went for breakeven basically. Yeah, okay All right, I had a motion the second is there any other council comment or discussion? Can I make a comment? Are you all aware that Waste water was taken over by Magnolia? Yes And they have increased our rate about $17 so to keep that in perspective. I mean, that's a large jump for some homeowners on that area of town Yes, I asked Birken that his rate was he pays $27 a month for garbage We're gonna be paying about 60 Everything You're just speaking for garbage. Oh, garbage. Oh, yeah Yeah Yeah, there's the water water and sewer we're still holding well with the ordinance that you've adopted previously I think set us up appropriately. We have There's been some nominals of CPI increases that we have that we have adjusted for water and sewer There's not been any adjustment to to waste removal since 2019 Any public comment part of the council vote I guess there's no public comment misgidious. Please call the vote Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Romero. Yes, Mr. Stansberry. Yes, Shambhai. Yes, Mr. Ryo yes motion approved All right, thank you the second ordinance for introduction tonight is ordinance 48 to 2023 Inordinates of the city of Youngso, Louisiana a mini chapter eight businesses and business regulations Establishing the requirements for the permitting in operation of mobile food establishments Motion to introduce ordinance number 48 to dash 2023 all right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. I get second by Mr. Stansberry Basically, there's a lot a lot of words here, and this is for introduction, but I'll summarize with the I mean, what what it's really asking for You know food trucks are something that we I like having I think it brings variety brings variety and food choices to our community Something we've been monitoring as an administration. I put the council and notice probably two years ago That's something that we're going to have to be paying just attention to Just to see if we need anything gives me no pleasure to even suggest that we do any type of regulation For any new businesses in our community But the heart of this what it is is some it's consistent with really where we are with our land use ordinance Land use ordinance premises that we don't have zoning But we we have buffer zones depending upon the conflict level that are maybe between our residents in a business Today, there's no regulation for food trucks whatsoever with this does It's it asks that food trucks are located 150 feet from the Property line of any residential area, and then there's also Somebody credit me from wrong. I think the second component is a hundred feet From the front door of any similar or any foods establishment Yeah, yeah, go very Yeah, so Because I believe that if we were to have a problem with food trucks the reason I said monitoring them is The ones that we have have been working fine I've always anticipated that if we had an issue with the food truck It may be because one's locating next to a brick and brick and mortar restaurant that let's say has has complied with The regulations for commercial development and then if you have a competitor it goes set up in the lot next door Perhaps offering and it's free commerce, but I mean obviously it's an easier path to enter that market if you have a mobile food operation so Those are really the two things a hundred feet from From a another food service establishment 150 feet from any residential property boundary Encourage you guys to to look at this read the details Um, there is a permit that's being requested as part of this um, I'm kind of indifferent about that. I don't care if we have a permit fee associated with it or not the permit Purpose is really just to do a couple of things one to make sure that the food truck is Permitted for food service operations Not adding any other layer, you know to that just basically an inspection to make sure that they do have They're the applicable DHH Permit if it's alcohol service similar step there that they are established as a business with Louisiana Secretary of State Which is very easy process and then lastly that there's a Sales tax registration so that way they It just you know proof that they are set up To remit sales tax So those and then I think the last component is a picture of the food truck So um, those are really the things that um, we're asking for there I believe this does it suggesting it has Need some input on the permit fee or if there should be one and we're not looking at this to be a profit center It's really just to cover if there's any administrative costs associated with it so The last comment I'll make is that This does not should not have any Negative impact to food trucks that are doing business in our community currently if uh if they were all Parked in the location That we've suggested that they be placed So if there was a motion and a second any council comment we were welcome that at this time Any public comment related to yeah, yes, sir. Yeah, I would like to just kind of discuss for a minute What were other permitting fees like when you research and yeah, did you see the number? Yeah It's in a range of 200 Okay, pretty no okay Yeah, and that's something to me we wanted you know, I'm I'm I'm open to feedback about that. I mean today young sort of does not have an occupational permit I mean just to kind of set the like larger 30,000 view We have a voluntary registration system We have a business directory so that way we can help promote businesses that are doing business with us We ask that they we just have like an emerge contact emergency contact for law enforcement It's a voluntary registration system. That's on our website on the homepage and you can have a directory There of those that are doing business in our community. It's not a requirement So just give some thought to that you know about as we move this forward so on sales tax. I'm not aware of So if a food truck comes in like I don't know wherever you know set up in arouses and start selling There is a rule or there's a you know dictating where they actually pay Sales tax to the best of my knowledge. They should be remitting sales tax in the jurisdiction that they're selling So even if they have a location Somewhere else we can we can find that out from the sales tax offer. I mean that that's my ex that's my understanding But I don't I don't want to make it Will so I think it's the same but I can verify that It's good question. I think if they go unincorporated and jump into Young'sville. Yeah, it's mobile. Right. I'm just I'm curious how that works Well, this would quit. I mean, we mean the couple that are operating here. I mean this would basically Kind of force that conversation and you know, I think we would probably learn something We have find out from the sales tax office. We can also You know going through this. I mean, it should just be adopted and become an ordinance of the city We can learn a little bit more about it make sure that we're You know addressing it appropriately What in for the next meeting before we officially adopted I would like to have a conversation or if y'all want to give some thought to it You know is the intent Do we envision having permanent food trucks, right? You know, we have a lot of restaurant owners that spend a lot of money You know ricks and mortar and then you get somebody that just Has this little shop right here and then has a food truck It's a lot less expensive to do that Of course, I've also been the communities where Driving through they did it really really nice. They have outdoor activities. I mean, it is it is top notch I mean a little canopy More future But in a shopping center in a parking lot Is that really That conversation piece we kind of really like The always start be part where you can't say that from when you're so many days And if they can't come back every plot to get in So that I mean, not that wouldn't be ideal to be Exactly the same, but that's just kind of the concept. Yeah, I'll agree with that I don't know just think that that's something Think about because Yeah, I mean, I think it I don't think there's any I don't think there's any bad idea Which is why it's been something that we've been slow To to bring before you because like I said it gives me no pleasure off for any additional oversight or regulation For anyone that's opting to do business here, but I do think that We're at a point where we should just have a impact the way what I initially suggested to wait in a call was to do I mean just one loosely Three bullet points well because of the research that had already taken place It was a good opportunity just to incorporate you know more of our agent to which is why I just cut to the chase to say what it You know, what's actually the substance of this Any other comments any public comment related to Yes, sir, would you would you mind coming up just so we can hit anyone that's streaming Mr. Marty I was reading through and where it talks about the principal use where it can be located. Yes, so if I have a food truck I can go over to the sports complex and plug and use that property What I have to pay the sports complex would get a permit for that or if you go into a parking lot at Let's say on shaman where there's a lot of different business. Sure Can you just go into the parking lot there and use the you have to pay the owner of the shopping center? Is there any great question and yes, I left that component out because one other part that I that I should have included That would be part of the permitting process This ordinance prescribes the appropriate use for them to be on on private property with permission of the land Written permission from the landowner. So whether or not there You know receiving any rent or lease from it is something that I don't I didn't intend to get involved with other than just Permission to be located there. This does say that it shouldn't be on any city property or right away With the exception of permission. I think permission from the Administration for special event purposes does that sound about right? So that way because as an example we have You know where we are we're already when I Barely through the last holiday but we're already planning Fourth of July And so you know food trucks there. I mean the intention here is not to do anything disruptive. I mean we still want to encourage Special event, you know food trucks. This is really more driven towards More permanent. I think to what Mr. Stanzer was alluded to like more Something that's not there for a special event and then actually the expansion area the sports complex where designing To where the Plaza area near the amphitheater will have hookups for food trucks so that we can have some rotating You know rotating vendors that may come in and out of there and I guess The paper was going faster than Great question All right, was there any other public comment related to this? All right, Ms. Gidry please call the vote on the introductory ordinance mr. Romero. Yes, mr. Stanzberry. Yes Yes, yes, yes, mr. Volgiano. Yes, motion first. All right. Thank you If it's okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna maybe discuss Something Tim's not here to see but I'd like to just maybe get you guys up to speed on the sports complex And where we are on it as y'all know we've been We've previously acquired a property for the expansion of the Yomsel sports complex I have in front of you. We've been working through numerous revisions iterations and things like that to to To get us in a position where we can move forward on the sports complex expansion We presented a master plan as you know which consisted of An amphitheater using the dirt from the nearby drainage project. It consisted of four high school collegiate size fields full full turf larger size larger tournaments more youth athletic athletic play more Tournaments to drive economic development. It also consisted of a pickleball area cornhole area parking Concession building restrooms. Those I think we're the biggest things there We're ready to are we nearing the position where we can move forward on the first phase of that Because of cost budget items that first phase what we're gonna be Preset what we would like to propose is that we still move forward with the amphitheater Which as into is originally intended That outer ring if I'm looking at the stage that outer ring is going to be right now. It's designed about 18 feet and height on the outer ring And then there's some Concrete steps. I think three rings of concrete steps big area in the front I think we're still talking about the full size about being 110 yards From left to right Stage is a little bit downsized There's still a stage a platform. It's not really a separate building there But it's it could be expandable to have extra amenities there The fields We're proposing for your consideration that we move forward two or the four fuels now But that there would also still be green grassy area that can be used on those Expansion areas some very similar to what we did for sugar beach on those expansion areas. We would still have the ability to do Flag football potentially soccer any type of warm up grass area just like you saw at sugar beach And then we're still proposing the full build out of the pickleball site and parking parking Partial parking I believe it's somewhere about 250 spaces in the first in this first phase So what's not included and still the concession building there's a million dollar allowance for the concession building in restrooms What's not included in it would be two of the four fields What we're proposing is to do the two fields that are closest to the amphitheater so That way that still has the same appearance that we intended With the fields closest to the amphitheater being built out But what's not what's not included currently in this proposal that's in front of you is two of the four fields baseball softball fields And then the pickleball area. I'm sorry excuse me the cornhole area and amphitheater scaled down staging This is very limited landscaping and some of the other features that were initially in that first cost proposal So with that said we're also working with the consultant the Cymar process has been working very well I mean the plans are nearly complete, but we're in a position where um I would like the contractor to proceed with doing their final cost estimates and What I'm describing to you I think in the in the paper that I put in front of you um, thank you is um, this is the the construction Cost and right now I think we're only at about them somewhere We're further ahead in the 60% number, but we're not at the guarantee maximum price yet But we're currently at about 11 Million five hundred dollars for what I just outlined and described for you The funding source as you know is going to be from our bond capacity that we had previously discussed We had we had capacity to continue to borrow against that one-sense dedicated sales tax for parks and recreation So this would be basic a continuation of that We would have some more paperwork to bring before you with our bond in attorneys to move forward with that um, so just kind of wanted to give you a high level overview of them I mean kind of we we're still in a position where we think we can achieve the full master plan of what you have presented there Cost has have just gone up quite a bit uh, you know turf turf is a big component of it Electrical is a big component of it and then other things but a fence to maker and jb Mootunner doing a great job with it and we're still looking at opportunities to continue driving the cost further down By self-performing some of the work and removing the administrative overhead from jb Mootunscope just to kind of give you an example So really just wanted to provide an update for you guys. I'm happy to Answer any questions or concerns that you may have about it before I move forward How much smaller is the stage compared to where we originally were or in the and where we where we have done rated to is there still I guess we're on the weekend. I was expanding the stage to where we originally had the plan or is it going to be That's the sauce forever Well you You may be recalling something else now. I think it is that number six basically like that the smaller stage the biggest stage to the right is has the blue Yeah, never so that's a 16 that the smaller stage is removed from this Just to just to i'm sorry because you just jog my memory So basically from the conception building which is in the center of the pavilion you basically have a clear line of sight You know walking into the amphitheater area What was proposed before was that there was a smaller stage number 16 where the cursor is The y'all does anybody the overmember the sizing of that of the stage or what we what that looks like there Let me see I can provide a I may not have brought all my I Think what happened is the stage itself the size of the stage stays the same but the external leaves the buildings to decide A win-away I think there was a maintenance or access the maintenance. Okay, so the stage itself So the stage itself is a separate the original song. Yeah, yeah Well, I guess about yeah because I was being honest. I think we had eliminated the size of the original stage that if there was an event No, it's that's an excellent question and I think if I'm not mistaken We put we position ourselves where it could still be expanded upon we were mute we removed maintenance buildings and any ancillary things Because of the proximity to the new Storage and maintenance buildings at foster park really being just you know just behind this area But yes, that that is correct. Yeah, the footprint the same to be expandable We had some earlier iterations where we was built out Buildings there kind of performance rooms, you know, I mean we were dreaming big about it I think everything that is proposed an original plan all your Electrical stuff out anything that Infrastructure is gonna be a place is just and then you'll be able to come in phases That Okay, and then the wall that we had talked about that's emitted. That's the wall we discussed I guess way on early behind behind the stage. That was the wall we were talking about Yeah 3D the Amphanseater stage omit wall and bleachers Was that was it reference to I mean we had talked about the wall going behind the staging event that we had a like you know Similes committed to unload for events and concerts marine and then sound barrier. Yeah So I don't know if that was the same thing or if I'm just confused Yeah, I'm sorry. I don't I don't recall and DAX couldn't be here with this this evening unfortunately He's you know, it's kind of the architect of it I'm not doing any of this justice by really describing it with the excitement that that he brings to the table as somebody who's been living and breathing it So I just really want to give you guys an update and start preparing us for the reality that we're position to Do the first phase of it. I'll invite DAX to come back coupled with of course Tim When he's not sick to be able to elaborate on it. Just kind of wanted to tell us You know, give you guys an update about where we are. We're still in a good position to to move forward with it the this year, you know and The advancement of the plans now we'll start getting in Locking in some of those guarantee maximum prices So we'll get you get you more information on it. Yeah, thank you Any other questions or comments about where we're at with this All right, well then let's talk about something else Pam you have any thing you want to address the council? All right, so talking about see more um, we're making headway on our highway 89 and higher Fortune road projects We've met with the former so that we can start removing the sugar cane But of course everybody knows we've been getting rain right now is not conducive to start moving Material around what we can't do is create a mud bath in the project To where we can't get compaction when we're in there. So we were waiting for it to dry Of course the rain last night didn't help so anyway So as soon as it's dry we'll remove that and then the two detention pond projects have started And as soon as they pump down the pond to be able to start doing the side slopes we get another rain event so We're battling the rain right now, but the contractors did start both detention pond projects They started doing their roadways for access And in some cases have had to add some solsummit just so that their trucks can get back and forth In fact, we can't get back and forth with the vehicles that we have With the with the current weather conditions, but we have started them We are about 60% done with all of the drainage from fortune road to Ambassador Caffer on highway 89 Due to funding and the costs based on the amount of funding you have right now in Caprioli We know you're going after more But it's kind of a long story of what you have to do when you get to guaranteed maximum price for sea more when you're actually working with An agency and their funding. It's not as easy as when it's your cash So we have split the project in two so as of right now phase one is Around sable palms to Ambassador Caffer to work on getting that guarantee maximum price and the critical path is of course the drainage That's the most expensive thing. We've already nailed down The rest of the cost so on the roundabout and the extension. It's the same thing. It's All about the all about drainage so we're 60% done with the drainage that we need for the two projects So we can get that to the contractor and he can get us a price And then start ordering his pipe so that'll be his first order of business after the dirt So when you start seeing dirt moving around The goal is to be able to get the dirt there and to get the contractor to start being in a position to lay pipe We don't want them to mobilize and then have to stop so that's what With regards to La Riviera road where 65% done with those plans were finishing up the drainage study so that we can submit those Before the end of the month to the DOTD to start their review of preliminary plans so that we can move to final plans on the La Riviera road widening project We have on our 2021 roadway improvements. We have been working on 100 oaks drive as everybody knows our Pandora's box But all drainage has been fixed all cross drains have been done Curves poured Whether permitting we're going to start lay an asphalt Next week So hopefully within the next if we could get good cooperation It would take a week or two to finish up that project and get out and then we have just a couple of minor We know we have to come back and modify some of the patches on 92 And then we have The drive at center-sauce to fix and that project then that project would be closed out and we move on to the 2022 roadway project submitted as as you recall you were selected for anzalum kooley detention pond with the LWI They recognized that prices went up But nobody else had like prices. I mean nobody else has been doing regional detention ponds from a standpoint as recently in bidding him So we submitted a revised cost estimate and They originally asked us only to scope out what it would take to do the application and then came back after they reviewed it and said Give a surprise to go all the way to construction. So we did we submitted that to them on Last Friday and they said they were it's in review to the state if the state approves They will send the city a cooperative endeavor agreement So that we can start they want to do one cooperative endeavor agreement with all costs identified and funding They will have to get additional funding originally. I think they were given you 3.6 million They did ask that you do what they call nature-based solutions. So we had designed it as a dry pond They wanted as a wet. We said sure absolutely. It's just money You know if you're willing to give it will dig some more will add the plantings and everything So the cost to do what they want to do is actually a six million dollar project So if they want to if they find the funds It's our understanding of the first round. There's only one project that's Been bid to date from the 2016 flood and that bid last month and we have a second project getting ready to go to that so They're looking for projects. It's my understanding they are behind in spending the money and the federal government has sent letters saying Get the projects then so we're ready if they If they so approve and then we are working on your So kind of to what been and the mayor we're talking about earlier. We're working on a burn rate spreadsheet to with all these different projects railway projects and where we see them at right now To what you could anticipate over the next few years of How quickly they would go and how quickly would you funding? I Yeah, so I mean basically so as a resident what are the next things you're going to see related the Pam's report there You may be wondering like why are we I mean we haven't talked much about La Riviera road But you may recall that few years ago La Riviera road to from highway 92 To south side of high school Was about 50% parish 50% city of young'sville was in deplorable condition Through cooperative relationship there. We did go in and do a Because short-term fix with a shelf life of three to five years. I think it's basically what we did But we did get grant money to do a more permanent fix on south the Riviera road. So envision if you're going Towards highway 90 on east mill of iberia street Young street at the flash generator light if you take a right What that project is doing is it's Obsied that area frequently would go underwater from the La Salle Cooley because of the cross drains where the Cooley There crosses La Riviera road So this project up sizes those culverts it raises the road and it provides a sidewalk Down south La Riviera road All funded by a grant that has been years in the making so it's really great to hear that it's at 60% Upon the completion of this that spot that's low that always goes underwater will be something of yesterday The timing significant because just downstream from there near south side high school Pam said the project is underway with the contractor for the 20 acre detention basin on On the La Salle Cooley so right when we have a place to store the water the project is going to be underway to move the water quicker to the pond That way it won't be flooding south the Riviera road and we'll finally have The safe a safer passage that's the city's property there that the works going under Where the Cooley's going and the kind of like that that right that yeah right where the cursor is moving Um, but that's that's not really what you're gonna see now Well, we are gonna see now is dirt moving off of that site you're gonna see dirt moving off of We have four drainage projects to the south of the sports complex along by you park Purdue That contractor's mobilized. They're doing some on that property. That's just illustrated there It's four different ponds because of different pipelines that are crossing there So you're going to be seeing a massive amount of dirt being removed from that property hopefully leaving the city limits and then The with regard to the funding for the Anselam project that's a huge one because three main drains in our city Two of them we have millions of dollars of federal funding for drainage projects that's underway today with contractors mobilized on the west side of our city the Anselam Cooley As a team here. We've done some some smaller private public partnerships um, but we are this project that pams Was successfully getting some funding in from another source of funding the LWI Creates something that we wouldn't even really on our It was on our radar But we thought that the best we may be able to do is the public private partnerships that we've already accomplished there But if this gives us another nature-based solutions really just another way to say Recreational feature water constant water surface elevation You know, so think of think in terms of that there So a lot of great things happening young zool highway I think the biggest path that you're going to see you're going to see that land next to sable poms being cleared dirt from these projects is going to be moved there to stack and For the roundabout and for the road to brusar the fortune extension and then traveling north on young zool highway Besides that dirt being moved in stationed along fortune you're going to see drainage work commence As the first phase From a sable poms north towards ambassador that's because a lot of cool things happening There, yes, thank you very much Appreciate as far as east melton avenue with no one here is here from niel shea. I'll tell you what that update is East melton avenue widening project The center of that project starts at the veterans roundabout goes Goes to goes to the west to south st blaze and goes to the east to around field crest those plans are advancing to 90% Design completion the critical path here is going to be utility relocation and then also Right away acquisition Clint just illustrated some improvements to shaman mettery to the north and the south north towards Uh north towards anzolum south towards the basically you know the the Stonehurst in that area the side of the side of The side of rouses we met this week with the energy and also slim code of to You know to get on the same page about their assets and which ones would need to be relocated Um the plans will be done here, but there are being modified some based on the feedback from utility providers Obviously, we're trying to to minimize Uh as much utility relocation right away acquisition as we can In order to you know balance the cost and the timeliness of trying to get this project, you know moving and on the ground here as well. So Susan anything from your in Yes, sir, please Just real quick about uh winter um 92 East Milton um I know we talked about sidewalks and yeah, I would just like to see the plan. Yeah, so what we have is all the way down to um What we have now on this project is the the scope of the project just described is gonna go to it actually goes to route 92 because it basically goes to Right to the east side where the cursor is now right to the east side of the the veterans park Basically to where the the bridge railing is that's where it's going to start to improve um Currently on that scope of project. I'll talk about closer to you to Windom here on this scope. There's a sidewalk It may be maybe seven feet to the back curve or maybe six feet disconnected from the curve starting at Cedar hills and going to Metery Center here at this in this particular area um We do have um So what would basically not in the scope here is going to be the Anselm Cooley at the veterans park to Veride um We are working on uh some traffic impact Fees That we can assess some of our developers uh mr. Dago alluded to it earlier coupled with um Few other miscellaneous funding sources because our goal is still to do an improvement To the west side of our city closer to you're in there um we have some grant money available that can be used on On east mil ten avenue um my recommendation um To you for that money is going to be to construct a traffic improvement at press god And bone and riding the curve where the city has acquired the right away that corner property Um, we we believe we're well positioned Pam to have that fully paid by a grant with the exception of um engineering fees The crit okay, so Yeah, and then so that anchor there coupled with the full depth patching that we're addressing from this point towards city all um Arca has some traffic impact Fees that they're going to be addressing with this Um towards construction of this roundabout but now that we have this roundabout fully funded by grants We're looking to take those private impact fees To shift to the Anselm Cooley at the veterans park To to wind a mirror so we're we're working on it. You know there there are some sidewalks now A couple you know, you got a charlie's crossing you got that connect to um Dollar general and it just stops right so I think there's a just some opportunity that may be definitely go all the way down On one side and maybe do a crosswalk Okay, very dark down that road. I mean, would that be I mean now that it's 35 miles an hour I mean, I really don't like to cross the road right there, but I mean we do have people from winda mirror Cross over to the dollar general Yeah Yeah No, it's it is it is good and I think because we've been able to free up Because when a because we've been able to secure the Prescott roundabout through a grant fully funded grant to to build a DOTD spec roundabout there The design I mean so That's freed up the the funds that we were going to use for That we were collecting through traffic impact fees to build that improvement So now we can shift those those impact fees Into the west side on 92 because really what we're looking to do there is not necessarily a widened project What we were looking to do there was a drainage project closing in the open Anaside walk okay to make a nice entrance to the community the gateway There right now is going to be the veterans park that's under construction But we're looking to pull peel that back closer closer to winda mirror I mean you what was the plan to do it on both sides sidewalks on both sides Right yeah Okay, yeah, I think that side from 92 or veterans park Down I mean that could be a little bit of a challenge. I think it's probably a little easier more open land On the other side it if there could be a cross or something like that. Yeah All right. Yeah, no, we still we we were committed to to getting it though Susan Yes As far as the waste water plant and the water plant those are in permitting we're getting comments and responding to those so That's going along we hope to be able to bid those soon Streetscape you can see it's wrapping up What they have left to do is start some striping There's still some remaining landscaping They're working on that jock street connection and As far as the lighting I think there are three Lights and three arms that are back ordered Um probably to march or April but we'll go ahead and do um a Fono inspection probably in the next week or two And do a substantial Just wait for those last remaining items. I guess striping to I know the striping Involve for the for the angle parking spots We can look at that. I have to look I have to look at that. I think it is because we also need to stripe off like the Like the parallel spots that are no more. Yeah, it has to be because the striping that's no more and there's some signage Like no parking signage that needs to go up so yeah And where it should be those streetlights should be illuminated any day. Yeah, we finally got our account number three Entrige so where those should be on Those should be on pretty soon Great. Thank you. And I don't know if I've shared but Susan has been successful It's if if I have it's worth saying again Talking about grants and and our success and ability to be able to Push projects through with grant funding Susan's team put together We're able to secure in the last year $5 million in grants for water and $5 million also for sewer Fortunately Because the sky ride sky rocketing costs To build a wastewater treatment facility and then also the new water plant have ballooned as well So no new projects really anticipated with the motherness to cover the overages of the existing cost kind of similar What we did with some of the arpa money on this building and streetscape project So all right Terry Yeah, all right then we'll go Miss rail Just happy new here everybody Um, I see I don't have anything all right. I don't think anyway. Thank you so much Clint Council just one thing um The the ribbon cutting uh The other state would like to do a ribbon cutting on that uh on the sidewalk grant that we did through uh that uh The CRT program of this state uh as we January 19th You can have to knew but um yeah also in talks with them Uh with all the concrete with that sidewalk and the rising cost There was an overage on on that that of course the the city I pay for because our grant was 400,000 but um With my talks with them the state's gonna be given us an extra $25,000 dollars Towards that grant. So I just want to make you guys aware Thank Clint you've had a great relationship with them and I was able to get done because because of what you did so appreciate that Uh, so two things uh first off I know we all probably said it quite a bit on Saturday, but I want to extend a sincere thank you to the staff the mayor Landon Nicole and everybody else in the administration here for putting on such a phenomenal event. It was truly first class and second to none It'll definitely be a day that I will personally remember forever Um, you know, I can't remember the past we've ever done such a grand event But you know then we ever had the ability to do that and I'm thankful that we were and I'm able to be a part of that and and sworn in it for my second term um, so thank you all for that uh secondly, uh, I'm sure everyone is aware of the prices of um a food these days and eggs and everything else that goes with it Uh, so I'm sure that as those prices continue to rise and you know You're finally wants to consider to stay home and cook at home But uh continue to shop local and remember that our small businesses are suffering just as much as you are Uh, so we want to continue to keep that in mind is uh, and the days ahead until those prices come down So other than that happen have a great weekend. Thank you I want to thank the sponsors everyone that contributed to the event I mean, not only internally, but it was made possible because of the sponsorship of about of our vendors So thank you. They cost that incurred that the city there was no cost incurred to the city for Saturday So thank you all for being part of it Of course, we had the weather on our side, which was which was a huge plus. So thank all of you for that Mr. Romero I did too a little bit Almost got to hit with the fly so that's good Uh, no, thank you to the staff great job. Uh, Saturday, January 21st, in 30 at the soccer field Parking at the sports complex is the annual Lions Club Gumbo chili cookoff consider uh, putting the team in or coming out and supporting the Lions Club Uh, and I all I must say is I'm a steal of phrase you use Saturday It would teamwork and I sincerely feel that the people at Young'sville Didn't want opposition for four of the council members and voted another lady in Because they weren't the right team and I think we've done a great job over the last several years Uh, I feel honored to serve with these guys and continue to serve with them of And I think we're going to need that teamwork over the next four years to make sure all these Large projects get done the right way and we fund them the right way and potentially maybe other projects So uh, I feel blessed to be up here and continue to serve everybody but uh You know teamwork which was about Congratulations to you as well. I'm Lindy too Sister Ann's very Yeah kind of echo everything. I mean some great comments that have been said Mayor you know going through all those projects. I mean you're our leader You know you're at the you're the tip of the spear as we call in our military world and uh you Don't know if I'm a job. I appreciate no balancing at all. You know, we have a great team around us But we still need a great leader. So thank you. Thank you for juggling everything and keep it a song try I appreciate it. Yep I um I thought of one other project and I want to know it's another project Miss Ray's here Thank you for your patience with well number nine I know that we've had some road closures there. I've been aware of them. They've kept me abreast of them So I'm sorry I didn't want to be able to speak to you directly about it And we will still be doing the nice front fence there as if I live there We're also correctly fixing across strain. I think in that area Eonies Parkwood Whether somebody rog in on the road in the curve. I think right by Byron and where it crosses our property So we're not we're not done with the area All right, I'm sorry Miss champagne welcome. I'm sorry. I'm welcoming you at the end of the meeting Thank you mayor I'd like to reiterate also what our council members said I look forward to working with the mayor and the council. It's a great team and I'll stay up as beyond Anyone's expectations and I sincerely want to thank the residents of young civil having the confidence in me to be able to join this great team So I'd like to thank them and I also don't want to leave tonight without shame Thanking our interim councilwoman miss Shannon borrows And as we can see miss Shannon borrows is in charge of the gumbo chili cookoff So but she did a tremendous job is serving an interim and I look forward to see and hearing and learning more from her on her leadership in our city All right, thank you miss champagne. She Should be on oh all right First congratulations to all of you. It's honored to serve with you I will say Carbureaucer is on the rise, but I'm not going to save my comment Then I'll say I'll just let it sit there with that in my drop I do ask the The residents to understand we cannot be everywhere all the time But you do have officers that are out there 24-7 They miss holidays with their families they miss anniversaries they miss birthdays and It's not as simple as it looks on TV to catch these burgers It's it's a task Uh, I would also like to extend my condolences to the family of the young man that was killed in the accident on the day of the swearing in Uh, we were able to make a uh, swift closure within a rest Uh, and that's due to the hard work of not just a few it was a total team effort and they got it done all in the same day within hours So they should be applauded as all of uh, these guys work hard and they They are diligent about their jobs and they do the best they can That's all all right. Thank you. Thank you chief any other business before the council this evening Is there a motion to adjourn then All right motion second by mr. Stansley all in favor Meeting adjourn. Thank y'all for the privilege of serving good night