is then when we in turn have to dictate it as are you a 12 hour employee at 180 hours or you ate an employee at 120. We're given the days and the statute, not the hours. I give you a complete. If it shall, shall can be objected in a quarter of law or maybe it should be addressed. The ledges laterally shall shall shall. Yes, shall is now. Yeah, regardless. I mean, I don't know that I don't know the limitations. I mean, we have a pretty sophisticated system. So I just don't know if there's a way to. We're open. Look, this is a, this is a result of becoming a large municipality. I mean, this is a, this is I think just a question that. That right now, this is the topic, but I mean any other agenda item that we have tonight that we're discussing is really how do we scale our growth and how do we do it? And so, and I think the challenge is really because the department is becoming more heavy on the other side. I think everyone wants to be fair and equitable. Sure. You know, to everyone's just how do you do it? I think if you. I think that's probably just what my colleagues are saying that, you know, rather than just simply asking three, three members of a civil service board. Those are public meetings. We, anyone can go to them. And I think that's perhaps the opportunity that, you know, we should test those that are responsible for. I think that we should be able to do things that are going to determine the determination with that I would encourage if should they decide to meet again? That, that there's input because I do agree when there's more people, you know, that there's gotta, there's gotta be a solution that would probably be fair, you know, to everyone. But I do think that this one has come from. It didn't just drop from the sky. I mean, there's obviously been thought that's been put into it, you know, for some time. So. Yeah. Well, I appreciate the opportunity. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Any other comment? All right. Then we'll move on to the next agenda item. Lori, thank you very much for coming. Kristen, thank you as well. Resolution, resolutions 8.1, resolution 2024, 14. A resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute on behalf of the city of Youngsoal, the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, an act of substantial completion from J.B. And to the completion of a contract for the Youngsoal Sports Complex face to. Dax is here in us, steward from J.B. Muta. Feel free to come up. I know Dax put a. Has some information on your at your desk now. I'm on you had a question. So much on question. Oh, okay. I'll keep that in mind. Good evening. So I'm assuming you'll have a new agenda packet to let it