I mean, maybe $25 every two years. Yeah, I don't have a strong opinion about it. I think, I mean, Terry, maybe you can help me out. The outreach is really consisting of we do several of the large neighborhoods where we see concentrations are some after hours, events there. So we probably have minimal over time, you know, there for that. But I believe the others that are being registered, she's largely been able to do it within her work schedule. So, I don't yield to Terry, but I don't have a concern about the price being one way or the other. I think that there should be a cost. But you make a valid point. I mean, would it, I think the goal and the intention is not to shuffle papers here or to make revenue off of it. The goal is simply to when when code enforcement does a home visit with you, they can you the ordinance, but they also are telling you, hey, here's the ordinance, but here's the top five things you need to be concerned about. License driver, date time use, stay in the neighborhood and you know, yeah, maybe whatever, whatever those top, you know, things are, like, yeah, adult license driver, no kids as passengers younger than whatever, whatever those main events are. So that way, you know, the ordinance is in the hand when that stickers on their current, you can rest assured that code enforcement has personally made kind of like when you see sitting in the exit row of a plane and it's like, you know, you're willing to assist like a non-eater verbal acknowledgement. It's kind of with this is so that way if there is a permitted golf card in a neighborhood street of Young'sville, the intention was to give our law enforcement, you know, the, like you know, so that you're kind of removing that doubt for law enforcement to say, well, you know, you have a current sticker, so I know you know the rule. So what the cost is, I mean, I'll leave that up to you guys. So Mr. Aboljana, what is our current penalty if they get, I think it's stopped and they are not registered? This ordinance, I think allows for there to be a $200 penalty that would be, it should there be a citation written and it would be handled through the through the through the mayor's court. Okay. That's a component of I'm not mistaken of this. Yeah, that $200 penalty is part of this ordinance. Okay. Yeah, because that could also be adjusted. I'll say that. Yeah, I'm going to post a low on the cost, but we have people that can't even get a CEO for their businesses in Young'sville and that's free. Like, you know, like we can't just at what point do we, I don't want meeting them in the middle, but at some point in time, like, how much slack we willing