essence this would do is provide a water meter to, for two Magnolia. And as a wholesale customer and then Magnolia in turn within service, the residents of windy heights and windy meadows. So Susan has indicated that I believe it's 200 homes off the top of my head was fine within our water modeling. So what this in essence does is it enables us to work with LUS to enter into an agreement because the standard right now as our wholesale water agreement we can't service anyone outside of our city limits. But they are part of the parish, I frankly see it as a little bit of a humanitarian call to, you know, so close to provide these residents with a better quality drinking water. So Magnolia has done the homework to get the paperwork straight. If this goes through what they would in essence do is cap off their connection with their well and their system be fed by the LUS wholesale line that services the city of Youngso, and we would take on one new customer and that would be Magnolia to service those residents. And we do have a similar agreement today with the out village phase two, which is south of Shimano, Gryab, the developer there had trouble getting water and years ago we did a similar arrangement in order to provide water for that development. Mr. Romero. I'm not calling because it's on there. Has there been any response to your email to the leadership at Magnolia from now relative to the issue or because it's on the. I know it might be unable for us to do it at this time, but yeah, fortunately, yeah, I haven't heard anything from them. Okay, thank you. Miss shop. Mayor, is that meter main meter at super one? Is that where the connection is? So our lines can handle it between super one and for that extra portion. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, Susan. Unfortunately, Susan couldn't be here with us this evening, but the first thing that we did as part of this conversation was we had Susan put in the area that's identified on the exhibit for you into her water model to ensure that we would be able to handle it. Pam. So the. Nine years ago, there was no, no, the eight inch wasn't coming down the whole way. So we have the eight inch, but it also connects to a 12 inch that's on fortune and then that fortune one connects to the 16 inch. So it's all interconnected now. And so we have a lot higher pressure and a lot more ability and plus that line also when it gets to field Chris crosses over and connects at Scheme matter as well. So we have a lot of interconnections that we didn't have nine years ago. And that's why when you put it in the model, there's such a high much higher pressure at the fire department area in that area,