the way you carry your negative points is to basically buy points out of this point bank here under the positive points memo or menu rather. So I don't think, I mean, let's just, I mean, without even knowing the numbers, I think let's go through it and see what's the practicality of I'm swimming pool. I don't think right tennis court children's playground, your own children's playground. Now, I think the providing more common open space and I've seems like the requirement is 10% and it looks like the way you have a design was more than that already. You know, the street signs wouldn't be applicable. There's not really a lot of what the and I hate to keep talking about the intention. However, the intention of it was, like, hey, you can drop into a more dense development, but we just wanted to ensure here that it wasn't singularly driven by the developer's desire to do something that was cheap on your end to choose the expression. So you can, you can make it more dense, but you have to put a swimming pool. You said I'm saying so then that way, I mean, in essence, you're still, you know, you put in a $100,000 swimming pool. He could just have invested the 100 grand in the. So I, I guess, Pam, what how I would view it and that's a great point, how I would look at it as I would say like in consideration of, you know, greater like green space. And that's really what's illustrated. That's already probably in the developers. Proposed because I don't think there's going to be other opportunity to probably. Maybe the key points are, yeah, community garden. I mean, you mean, you mean, you mean, you mean, you're not really, but he has so much green space to begin with. It kind of supersedes what we don't live with. Are the interests on it? Oh, yeah. The world of feature. What if we just, what if we just, what if we just put on an interest, I mean, an interest on, I mean, I think you'd probably do that anyway. Like a development song. What if we just put a pause on positive negative points and restrict it to his life, I would. And if anything does come up, it would have to come back to us. I mean, negative part can't add no, no negative or positive points. I guess the green space would probably, green space could potentially get shrunk. Should he decide to incorporate a two bedroom or something unit? So that's probably the only. All of these units are one bedroom units. It's a mix. I'd like to fit in some two bedrooms just to have a variety. But the intention would be somewhere in the room units, maybe one and a half story max with like a law feature to maybe have one bedroom with a law. And you're thinking about these as apartments,