I'd like to introduce our new head of school, Miss Kim Lamir. Our athletic director, Miss Travis Scott. The principal of our high school, Miss Lundelk area. Our regional see print in at Mr. Greg Terry. Our two wonderful attorneys, Gary MacArthur and John Cook. We also have our senior Latvian charter foundation president, Dr. Mary Righ, token. I will. I will give you a few Dr. Cooks that you can you can open it up. But we want to show you three rendering today for a new stadium for our high school. Give you guys a little preview of something. Good evening, Mayor and council people. It's my pleasure to be here. And first of all, thank you so very much for inviting us, even though our relationship with Youngville is almost 11 years old with your predecessor. This relationship has grown and I want to thank you for nurturing even more with what you all have done for us. We have a vision for our children in Youngville in Lafayette parish, the state of Louisiana and the United States. And I want to thank you for working with us to make that vision a reality and to give you a clear understanding of that vision. I will call on Miss Kim Lamir to invite you. So attached behind everyone is a rendering of our football field. And at this point in time, it is a work of art that we greatly appreciate. And I'm actually going to turn it over to Travis Scott, our athletic director, who will expound on this amazing stadium. Dr. Cook spoke of growth just a second ago and all the growth that we experienced over the course of the past decade wouldn't be possible without the city of Youngville. And as we bring a facility like this to the city of Youngville, one of the things that's important to us with our students, with our faculty members, with our student athletes is to pay it forward to the city of Youngville. So we look forward to being an important community partner and using this facility to positively affect Youngville, its residents and its students. Miss Landella principle. So if y'all like me the first time I saw these plans, I was like, where is it? You know, so to help you situate where it is, this is on Shem and Metery across and obviously there's not that many trees there now. So if you know where Prodigy is, the early learning center, it's the property between Prodigy and Daytot, but not the corner is where this is going to go. It will face the new facility that's going up for Youngville's, the Rec Center where the baseball fields and all that are going. So it will be, it can kind of be part of all of the Youngville Recreation. We'll be able to support our students in football, which we have our first football team has been out there practicing right now, so