at a road. Just a little quick. A couple of key points. Excuse me. Oh, my letter. We had a final inspection on the project. And by the way, this is a steward bill with J.B. Muta, who is the lead contract on the job. So thanks for coming steward. We had a final inspection. We've had several inspections. A project like this has many different elements to eventually get a punch list that's 50 items, down to 20 items, down to 10 items, until a point where we feel comfortable. Where we are tonight. But we had a final inspection. This past Thursday, July 25th. Several individuals walked the site. And as such, after looking at the punch list, how if you'd kept dwindling down myself, the other design colleagues, we have our sub consultant, Poche, who is the architect on the concession building and the amphitheater stage, as well as David Carroll, who is our electrical engineer sub consultant on the job. We felt that all the major items of the project have been sufficiently completed for the projects intended use along the city of Youngville to assume a session and begin occupying the premises. I will also add that on August 2nd, we met with the Louisiana State Farm Marshall, walked the site intently. And they gave us an acceptable for use occupancy. So that was the green light. So that was good news. In the pocket, we have a punch list. And that punch list is with the nice weather we're having the last day, the punch list has dwindled down to, to hurt anything. So that punch list had a value of about $68,000, which is only about a half a percent of the total project costs and their minor items. I will tell you one of the items in particular is about $24,000. It's just a piece of equipment that goes behind the stage for some of the power that's just, it's supposed to be coming in in the next. Day a two, it was an eight month lead period, so it's coming in and JB moved all certainly. They sell a couple of things to do, but the project is very polished. The only thing that we were kind of waiting on is what we call the cleaning in terms of pressure washing. And as I discussed with you, Mary, we kind of want to wait till we, till we, till maybe we have a grand opening or ribbon cutting, that way we can do it right before. Right now, a site like this was challenging is there's so much open dirt areas, fill out a bit of words that we're trying to get the grass to grow. And we also not getting rain right now. So that's something that I personally can live with because I read the project, look very polished when the public begins to take, take use of the facility. But a, a, a, a, a concessionaire has already