 you you you All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome today's Thursday June 12th. We welcome you to Young Soul City Hall. If you'd please rise, I'd like to ask for the invocation this evening to be led by Pastor Otis Marsh from White Dove Fellowship and then you'll stay standing. Our pledge this evening will be led by Council Member Nile. First of all, I want to say it's a great honor to be here. Thank you for having me here this evening. We've been here for two years. This is an absolutely beautiful city. I come from the Lake Charles area and coming in here, I'm highly impressed with the work that you guys have done and I'm looking to see what the future holds and that's what we believe for us for the future. I want to read this afternoon out of Isaiah 58, 11 and 12. The Lord will guide you continually and satisfy your soul even in drought and strengthen your bones. You shall be like watered, you should be like a watered garden and like a spring in of water whose waters do not fail. Those from among you shall build the old waste places and you shall raise up the foundations of many generations and you shall be called the repairer of the breach, the restore of the streets to dwell in. So let's pray. Father, we just thank you for your word. We thank you for your opportunity to stand Lord and just come together and and bring life into the community, Father. So Lord, as we are here to bring life into community, we're looking for that continual flow to come into the leaders that lead in this community and the residents, Father. So Lord, as we trust in you and we believe in you, we know that you bring strength, Lord, even when the economy is going sideways, Lord, you give men and women that love you and serve you great and beautiful ideas to come in and just be a watered garden even when the areas around are wilting. So Father, as I've seen that this place is flourishing and thriving. Father, we just believe that it will continue to for all our generations, Father, and Jesus name. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic which it stands one nation and the God in the individual with liberty and justice for all. Pastor, thank you very much, sir. All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the role. Ms. Faraz, here, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero's absent tonight, Mr. Nylon, here. All right, Council and guests. I had the pleasure of meeting Luke Harris a couple of months ago. Luke is a is it was a junior at Ascension High School is going into his senior year and he recently did his independent study capstone project on infrastructure improvements to bicycle lanes and had increased bicycle safety. I was so impressed by the the young man. He brought so much energy and enthusiasm. So I enjoyed his presentation. So I invited him to come to the council meeting share some of his findings and suggestions on how we can incorporate those as we as we move ahead as a city. So Luke, welcome the floor is yours, sir. While I'm getting situated here, I'd like to say thank you to Mayor Ritter for inviting high school student into his office and treating me with dignity, respect and hearing my ideas out just like I was one of the people on this council. And as he briefly stated, my name is Luke Harris. I go to Ascension Piscool School on Shem and Metery here in Young'sville. I am graduating 2026. I am a senior. And while this idea may have started as kind of a project for school, it is much more than that now. It's kind of this goal I'm pursuing in order to better the community eye and we all dwell in through something small and starting with something like bike lanes. I'd also like to mention I am a Young'sville resident. So these changes that I'm proposing very much affect me and could affect all those who live in the community. So firstly, I'd like to start by saying that Young'sville is a great place as we all know. And it's a growing city as currently we have a roughly 19,000 people according to the Census Bureau. And I will go ahead and pull up my graphic to kind of get a better viewing here. So in 2010, the city had 8,100 people. And in 2020, 15,900. That's doubling the population. But we see right now that Young'sville is growing, particularly something like Young'sville Highway. As it's being widened, we've put in a new roundabout. But the Shem and Metery bike lanes have remained unaltered since 2014 when they were first approved by this council over 10 years ago. And with the population increasing exponentially ever since then, it's important that we continue to not just neglect the bike lanes that we have within the city as we've been improving the roads as the population has grown. But we need to continue to improve the bike lanes and other infrastructure within the city. So that's really what I'm here to talk about. As Mayor Ritter has thankfully met with me and giving me the opportunity to share this idea, young people like me want to help improve this city. And it's something that we can feasibly do through bike lane improvement. So we know that Young'sville is a great city and it's growing. It also is younger than average, with the average age being 34.2. That is 4.5 years younger than the national average. And that number will become important later. So families and childrens as we see right now, which we have many of in this city, I personally and I know others who I've spoken to don't, we don't see them using the bike lanes we have currently as they're unsafe. And if it is okay with the council, I'd like to show two photos to them if I may walk to the front. Council members, the photos you are looking at currently are the state of the Shimon Metery bike lane according to Google Earth satellite imagery or not satellite imagery, but street view imagery. And I've spoken to people who work at my school on that road, which you can see in the background of one of those photos, who weren't even aware that there was a bike lane on the road. And I personally have witnessed cars pass each other in the bike lane as there aren't many safety precautions to keep cars from entering the lanes or designate that there's a lane at all. As we have striping that doesn't need to be updated and we have minimal signage, but it doesn't protect cyclists and it obviously isn't making them feel safe. As I personally and I know others don't necessarily see children or families riding in these bike lanes. As I know as someone who moved here five or six years ago, my family had always said the bike lanes were dangerous, do not ride in them. You are asking for trouble. And I think that approach is similar. And today that's what I'm going to try and talk to you about and how we could potentially fix that. So it's also important to consider we put money into things like bike lanes. So it's important to follow through on what we have as we made that initial investment and it's important to move to the next phase and that can be done through protections. So I will distribute another photo to the council. This photo shows the current state of the bike lane on West St. Mary right in front of UL here in Lafayette. The bike lane is while not perfect, it is very visible and it is clear that there is a barrier between cyclists and drivers. And a physical barrier is very important to actual safety and feeling safe. As according to the Federal Highway Administration 53 there was a 53 percent reduction in cyclist car collisions whenever barriers were installed between the road and bike lanes. And according to another study that was showcased by people for bikes.org in this study, cyclist using a bike lane on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington DC that had recently installed protections had said that 90 percent of these people using this bike lane felt safer with these physical barriers. And feeling safe is important. As if you don't feel safe, you won't do something. If you know something is dangerous and you're putting your life at stake, you won't do it. So if we can actually install barriers between motorists and cyclists, they won't just be safer and we won't just reduce any potential collisions. More people could use the bike lanes as they would feel safer. They would feel like they're an environment that supports them and acknowledges them as well. And I mean one of the questions that you might be asking as I'm telling you this is why is biking important at all or what are the benefits. According to a National Library of Medicine study, it found that on average when people bike to work, they burned as much as 40 minutes worth of calories in the gym. So that might not, that might just sound like well why even bike on the street? Why is this the taxpayers job to pay for some people to exercise? Well, according to the New York Post, the New York Post 42 percent of Americans don't exercise regularly simply because they think they lack the time to do so. And by installing protections on these bike lanes, youngs little residents who work within the city could potentially bike to work and they could get that exercise that us Americans absolutely need as we are lacking it. As 42 percent of those people feel like they cannot exercise and they don't regulate just because they don't have the time. So if we could combine something as menial as commuting with cycling, we could help fix at the local level a problem that we see across our country. So it's important to note that mainly because I think I and many others on this council would agree the best way to improve our nation is to start in our local communities. And by starting in this community and improving bike lanes and promoting a culture of health, safety and wellness, we could start a chain reaction and help other cities do the same and help improve our state and collective nation. Another thing is cycling is not just good for your physical health but your mental health as well as it produces stress hormone, cortisol, and it provides endorphins which also reduce stress and anxiety. So we can improve our physical and mental well-being simply by installing protections on these bike lanes. And I think the big question that some of you might have going into this is well how much is this going to cost? And while I don't have perfect numbers, I do have preliminary estimates from an engineer who so kindly used his spare time to draft up some estimates for a concrete curve that we can install on the bike lane that is pre-existing. So I'll go ahead and pass this spreadsheet and if you have any questions, I'll explain. So at the top of this spreadsheet, that first list, that concrete curve, a four inch mountable, if you look that total cost on the right for that top box list, how much it would cost to line for 1.83 miles of bike lane. And if you flip, you can see the cost for each different portion of the bike lane. So all of those different boxes are different options for different protections. And those protections like that concrete curve, I put at the top or I have at the top, I had that engineer put at the top for me, I should say, that would be the option most similar to the one used by UL. As unlike the flex stakes that UL actually used to have, aren't the greatest as they're meant to shear away. So in terms of protection, they aren't really that great. It might make people feel safe, but they're also expensive to the city, and you'd have to consistently replace them all a concrete curve with last much longer. So roughly, be looking at $120,000, I believe it says at the top of that sheet, for 1.83 miles of lined protected bike lane. And while there's estimates for the entirety of the Shimon Metery bike lane, looking at that number, we could always just start with something like the most populated area, which is the area in front of a sentient, and that first page, and see if there's success, see if we can promote that culture, and if people would actually start using the bike lanes. And with that, then you could consider expansion and more bike lanes, more protections, as I've already spoken to Mayor Ritter, and I know there are plans for bike lanes across the city. So starting with small with those protections would be a great start, and it wouldn't be horribly expensive as I had probably initially thought when I started this project. And honestly, do we know how much time I had? I don't want to run it too much. A few more? Okay, cool. Thank you. I don't want to take up this whole meeting. It's just important to continue to interact with the community, I think, and promote these kind of projects, as I know there's kids at my school who do similar things and have promoted similar projects. So I think by doing this, we wouldn't just be promoting biking, we could be promoting community involvement, and we could see people who have different interests all across the community, lightening the load on the city council, and other community members, and getting involved, and doing a lot of this work. When I know, frankly, there's a lot going on right now, and I think the a lot going on right now makes it the perfect time for this change. As I think with this change, we would have kind of a leg up. As we see Lafayette, Ritter actively trying to fit something like Johnston Street with bike lanes, and if you've seen the Johnston Street bike lane, wow, yeah, you probably know what I'm talking about. If you've written it, wow, God bless your soul, because it is not a safe looking thing. Since we're going right now, it's the perfect time to act, as we don't have to navigate as many barriers, there's more green space, and there's less construction going on right now, or there's less buildings and more construction going on right now as opposed to Lafayette. So while we're still developing, we could get ahead and put a get a leg up and improve our city while it's this cheap and while it's this easy. So with that, I just, I hope that this is in the forefront of Yoll's minds for the time coming as Yoll continue to grow and continue to improve this wonderful city. I really hope that you don't just think of my name, but you think of the youth, and you think of the community, and you think of improving the city as a whole. Thank you. Thank you, Lou. Yeah. Lou, I don't know if I shared with you, but those bike lanes were initially funded. We had striping and signage as part of a grant years ago. So I mean, I'd be interested to pull those same files and see how we've, we've missing some of the files, some of the signage and things like that, but we're happy to look at it. And we actually have our Katie and our planning commission planner and CEO in the room too. So they were smiling the whole time. So all right. Thank you for your time. Lou, I appreciate it. I enjoy your summer. All right. A gin item 4.1 approval of the council meeting minutes May 8, 2025. Motion. All right. Motion by Mr. Boljano, second by Ms. Barraz, any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? All right. There's no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraz? Yes. Mr. Voljano? Yes. Mr. Nailin? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Motion approved. 5.1 approval of the April 2025 finance report. All right. Motion by Mr. Voljano. So second. Second by council member Champagne. Any public comment? Any questions from the council? All right. Looks like we're going to finish our sales tax for the fiscal year about 7% of this for the council's benefit. I know I don't have the comparison with you, but we'll get that to you. All right. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Voljano? Yes. Mr. Nailin? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Barraz? Yes. Motion approved. All right. agenda item 6.1, request for preliminary plat approval of central village phase 2, located in section 23t 11s are for E. All right. Garrett, you're welcome to come up. All right. Yes, sis. Getting made out of council. Accompton Year today to zur. K let's to. Residone though this is located between Fair Out School and DeCount Road right next to Central Village Phase 1, formerly known as the Marshes, Benson Grove and Sands Sebastian. After LCG's ADRC reviewed the plant and our internal reviewing, we recommend we approve the plant with the following comments. On their specific plant revisions, for everything including the ADIC report, I recommend no waivers. A special note I should mention is when Central Village Phase 1 was designed, the most recent design standards were not in effect. That includes adding a 25 foot garage set back, changing the minimum frontage to 65 feet. Also the minimum lock area is 7,000 square feet, but that's already in effect all the lots. There's also a drainage server to near-to-sense Sebastian boundary. The sizes to be changed from 16.5 feet to 20 feet so that our equipment can get there easier. We'll also need an amenity plan separate from the construction plans, just to show the positive negative development points to being combined. On their plaque, subdivision conditions, compare to what's on the ADIC report, I recommend no waivers to their conditions and our conditions are routine for every development in the city. I now open to Council for discussion. All right. I also want to point out that Mr. Jordan Daagles here, he's the developer of the project for any questions that the Council may have or Jordan if you have any particular comments about it just overall. Not required, but certainly up to you if you wish to address the Council, you can. I forgot to tell you Tim's not going to be attending, so you welcome the drawing up front if you'd like. Mayor, Council, pretty run in the middle, 27 lots, basically just tying in the two dead-end streets from phase one into each other and picking up about 13 months on each side. Any questions from the members of the Council? All right, if there's no questions from the members of the Council, I'll ask for any public comment that anyone may have. Yes, sir, please come forward. And if you want mine just identifying yourself just for the record. Get the new mayor and council, my name's Alex Deber. I spoke to you over the phone the previous of this week. So I am one of the residents of Santa Bash and I currently backed the new phase. Our concern with the new phase is the elevation. That's main concern is the elevation. Clearly just looking at it, it is substantially higher than we are. So one, our concern is that drainage servitude, not flooding us out because everything drains that way already. With that, what can we do to ensure that drainage servitude stays open? No one builds fences, things of that nature because I know the way it works. A lot of people will build fences all the way back even though city can come in to hey, you have to take these down. Doesn't always happen once the fences are built. So our big thing, I think everybody, especially along that street, is with the flooding and what's to prevent us from flooding out because of the elevation change. Yeah, great question. And I, Mr. Abraham, I know when we spoke on the on the plat, there was a proposed 16 and a half foot drainage easement, part of the engineering review in house that's being increased to 20 feet and then that it's also going to be marked as a private drainage easement, which is going to be it's going to be noted that it's going to be owned or managed by the HOA as opposed to individual lot owners there. But I share your concern about whether or not a property owner is going to put their fence in. That's something that's we consistently have to have to police because in essence what will happen is it becomes difficult to manage if different fences are there. I think with the HOA doing it, if we set that up as it's going to be their expectation to do it, it'll be maintained consistently, at least from a maintenance and grass standpoint, but points were all taken as I share with you on the phone. What I didn't know if the drainage impact analysis had been done on this since it was such really a small area, the all know because I did share with Mr. A. Bear that it has been already. Yeah, I received some revised plans this afternoon and they include drainage impact analysis. Okay, so we have a new drainage impact analysis. Okay, so it hasn't all right. It hasn't been reviewed yet. Okay, it's been submitted, got you. Okay, so yes, so consistent with all of the developments, the drainage impact is going to be thoroughly reviewed there. Engineer for the developer has submitted a proposal. It'll be reviewed by our team of engineers before anything would be approved, but certainly it's looked through the lens of not having any adverse impact from a drainage standpoint. That's our main concern and I appreciate y'all looking into that. As far as that drainage analysis public record, do we have access to that and can we get a hold of that once it is done and just to make sure and see kind of what's been done. Certainly, okay, certainly. I appreciate your time. Thank you. All right, thank you, Mr. A. Bear. Nice seeing you. Any other public comment, anyone that have a common relative to central village phase two in the preliminary plat review? All right, Ms. Shampo. Motion tattoo. Okay, we have a motion by council member Shampo. Second by council member Bolgiano. Is any other comments for the public hearing relative to the approval? All right, if there's no additional public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Ms. Shampo. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you, council. Jordan. I'm council. I forgot in my opening remarks. I wanted to share with you that I'm recommending that at the appropriate time that you consider tabling a genitom's 9.1 and also 9.4, which are the ordinances 498, 2025 and also ordinance 503, 2025. So at the appropriate time, I'd ask for your consideration to consider tabling them to the August meeting. All right, so other business to genitom 7.1 this evening, it's my pleasure to introduce the city of Youngsville if you don't already know and also the council members to Mr. David Wei. I'm recommending him to be appointed as the magistrate of the Youngsville Mayor's Court. Mr. Wei's highly respected attorney based in Lafayette with more than 25 years of legal experience, including extensive work and civil litigation, personal injury law insurance matters and appellate advocacy. He's a graduate of LSU law and he's been licensed to practice law in Louisiana since 1996. Over the course of his career, he's built a reputation for fairness, sound judgment and professionalism. His peers have consistently recognized his legal excellence with selections to super lawyers from 2018 through 2025 and a distinguished Martin Dale, Hewbill, peer rating for his legal knowledge and ethical standards. As a partner at Oliver and Wei, Mr. Wei's managed a broad range of cases from complex towards to property law and family matters, making him uniquely qualified to interpret and apply the law and clarity with balance and a magistrate role. His courtroom experience, a deep understanding of Louisiana law and calm demeanor make him exceptionally well-rounded to serve the people of Youngsville. So I'm confident that he'll bring integrity and partiality and professionalism to the Youngsville Mayor's Court and I respectfully recommend his appointment this evening as magistrate. And he is here joined with his wife so thank you both for being here. It's the pleasure of the council. All right motion by councilmember Shantpine, second by councilmember Nylon. Is there any public comment? Mr. Wei, you're certainly welcome. Like no obligation but no just thank you for this opportunity as I as I've said before in other settings my you know my job as magistrate will simply be to enforce whatever you guys do. It's not not a magistrate judge to be mayor or to be a councilmember, it's just to uphold the laws and and make sure that everything's being followed and I look forward to that. I appreciate your trust and if I'm selected then it'll be my pleasure to serve. All right thank you. Thank you question Wei. Any questions? Mr. Wei. All right is there any other public comment? All right if there's no public comment we have a motion second on the appointment. The skater please call over. Yes. Ms. Barras. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. Congratulations. All right congratulations. And we do have we do have court next week so we're going to go ahead and just for the spirit of efficiency hit the ground running so our city attorney is going to execute. All welcome to all. Oh yeah absolutely. Families welcome to join. Hey how are you? Hey how are you? How are you? Of course. However Sugar-themed and black-boiled. I'm right af analyses of the thoughtsор going to get continuated q up everyday. David Oliver- оve herzlich dat falasани vii emailed Thank you. Good evening. Sorry about the excitement, basak, Is Robert Ellis? I'm Robert Ellis. Everyone knows you. It will. he and Robert contributing to ourick and Past 그런 hanno shrimp. I will faithfully and importantly, and I will faithfully and importantly, discharge and perform, discharge and perform, all of duty's have come but in color for me. All of the duties have come upon me as the magistrate judge for the city of young people's mayor's court. As the magistrate judge for the city of young people's mayor's court. According to the best of my ability, and understanding, they'll help me God. Congratulations, welcome aboard. Thank you. Congratulations, and thanks for accepting the appointment. I would like to congratulate you on your visit to the city of young people's mayor's court. As required by revised statue 43141A, and we have received quotes from both the Acadiana Advocate and the Daily Advertiser. Ms. Barraz. I make a motion to accept the Acadiana Advocate as our official judge. All right, a motion by Ms. Barraz for the Acadiana Advocate. Is there a second or is there another motion? All right, all right, a second by Councilmember Champagne. Any councilmember discussion? There's a motion on the floor for the Acadiana Advocate. Is there any public comment relative to the official journal? This is something that we're required to do every June. Okay, if there's no public comment, no council discussion. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Bulljiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Motion approved. Motion item 8.1. Resolution 2025-12. Resolution authorized and in direct in the mayor to execute for and on behalf of the City of Youngsoil for the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana and active substantial completion from Louisiana contracting enterprise LLC contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for a pump station for upgrade. All right, motion by Councilmember Champagne second by Councilmember Bulljiano. So any public comment, we're going to hear from Susan during her updates about this so we can probably, unless there's a specific question, I'll just let her talk about the project. Then, or I'm happy to talk to her if you'd like me to. All right, any public comment? All right, no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Bulljiano. Yes. Motion approved. The agenda item 8.2, resolution 2025-13, a resolution authorized in the mayor to execute an intergovernmental agreement by between the state of Louisiana and the City of Youngsoil related relating to the re-designation of Lafayette metropolitan planning organization as the Akkadian and metropolitan planning organization and its governance. I alluded to them earlier, but Ms. Sara Fossigari is the CEO of the Akkadian Planning Commission. She's also here tonight with Ashley Moran, who's the planning and policy manager and to great team players to improve for us transportation in our areas. So welcome. Happy to have you all here. Good evening. Thank you guys for having us. As the mayor said, I am Sara Gary. I'm the CEO as well as the Transportation Director. And we held the MPO at Akkadian and Planning Commission. And you guys are members of the MPO. And so every 10 years, our boundaries changed based off of census. This year, or this past census, we added area to our MPO, the City of Abaville has joined us. And so because of that Federal Highway Administration is requesting that we go through and get our intergovernmental agreement re-signed by all of our member entities. And so that's what we're here tonight. You guys have projects with us in the MPO. One of those projects is the LaRoubae project. And we're very excited that that is going to actually get kicked off soon, as well as the overlay that you guys did on Fortune Road. And then there's a couple other projects that I think the mayor is trying to maneuver to other areas. So I'll just keep that one down. But yeah. So anyway, so that's what we're here for. I also want to commend the gentleman who talked earlier. Mr. Harris, you know, Bikin Pett is near and dear to our hearts, especially Ash and I. We also have the safety coalition. And so we do a lot of work with that. So please, if you have any questions or anything, give us a call and we're more than happy to help you out. So and to his point, if you guys are going to do that, right now is the best time to do it because you don't have a lot of driveway access to Shemmimettory Road. So it makes it a whole lot easier and a lot cheaper for you guys. I'm happy to answer any questions that you may have. Good point. Ms. Shampai. Motion to approve. Okay. Worth noting, Council members, if you've read through it, we do have a couple of appointments. Pam has been serving as our what's called TTC Transportation Technical Committee appointee and Simone serves now as the Transportation Policy Committee and then Pam serves as our alternate on that committee. So when you look through the agreement to see how we're represented there, that's how it's done. Okay. Awesome to work with. Yeah. Agreed. Agreed. All right. Motion by Ms. Shampai. Ms. Barraz, is that a second? All right. Is there any Council member comment or question? Any public comment or question? Okay. Ms. Gaydry, please call the vote. Mr. Bulls, you know? Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Motion to approve. I was going to say at the end of the meeting, but it's worth sharing now. We are going to have a groundbreaking with the Katie and a planning commission on June 26th at 130 at the site of the LaSalle Regional Detention Pond. And that's going to be to officially kick off. I was, I didn't want to have a groundbreaking until we were actually going to be doing some work. So I think that that trying to align as close as possible, but the contractors have been issued the notice to proceed. So I think we're going to be getting started there real soon. So if there's any members of the public that have questions, any of the residents in the nearby area, we're going to have Pam was the design engineer on that project. This is a grant that we applied for back in. A lot of. I kind of cringe to say 2016, but at we're here. And it's getting done. And it's in it. It's 80% paid for through the grant process. And we're going to have an excellent road there when it's all done. So thank you all for all the work on that. And sidewalks and sidewalks. And sidewalks. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And then the other project that they're talking about, we do have some funds that are remaining that are accessible that we're working to get reallocated to East Milton and Iberia Street, which would basically be taken care of our next overlay of that road, base of the scope, roughly, that we're requesting is going to be from roughly city hall to Verad. Potentially, we may have an exception area if we get a raise grant awarded. So I don't know. Always a lot of variables. So all right. There's no public comment, Ms. Gidry. Please call the vote. Oh, we already did. Perfect. All right. I want to. Yes. I know we pay fees every, you know, pay fees to be part of this, but just so you guys know, the fees go a long way. Because these two ladies, in particular, will keep you from, you know, jumping off the ledge when you, when you hit state bureaucracy. They're all there. A wealth of information with regards to upcoming grant and they take pride in knowing what it is that we want and they have our projects. But if they see a grant or something and they know a project, they're going to call. They're going to make sure you have the most updated application. And so even on the recent ones we did, we couldn't do it without them. And then like I said, when we had any kind of bureaucracy, they're right there and they are patient with us when we are outspoken to hating the bureaucracy that the state does. These ladies understand and help us work through the effort. And there's, I mean, they are the best team that the IPO has ever had from that perspective to even be able to do that. So thank you guys again. We couldn't do it and to get the projects where they are, that is one thing these two ladies are great at doing. I think it gets anybody else there, but you know, there are go-to's. You know, one of the things that they are, I know focused on diligently right now, is trying to build a coalition of support for a variety, wanting a variety. I am trying them really hard. And I'm hoping after some move that having today, that will be one of the closer to that. Oh good. Oh yeah, at the DOTD, yeah, great time to share that. Congratulations, our DOTD District 3 administrator, Eric Dolfini, that I shared with everyone and hand delivered the check for our outstanding credits. He's been appointed to be served as the deputy secretary of DOTD. So our district is one of nine districts across the state. So we know that his leadership will be well served. So that's exciting for that. And what I, what I, these ladies and that team know that we are leaned in on Veroth, but we cannot do it by ourselves. And as I've shared, I mean, if some of our biggest hurdles are really outside the city, we can only solve them with the help of, you know, the professionalism and the diligence of this type of organization. So thank you all very much. Thank you very much. Ashley, come on up. Yeah, come on up. I just want to say, just, oh, this is real quick, that Eric was real instrumental in getting the Barrow at Savoy intersection. That was a big, that he put it on our radar. I know he was working with you on that. It got since us and we were able to fund that at 100%. Awesome. Okay. That's like moving forward. Hopefully the traffic study is done and we'll be moving into the design phase soon. So hopefully that will move quickly. I know it's not in Young'sville, but it's affected a lot of people in the area. And I know that was people are contacting you about it. They use it to Eric. Eric sends us. Yeah, Ashley, Councillor Volgiano is asking, what is, what's going to be, is it a light or is it a, what's the in game there? It's going to be around about. So yeah, no, when we're funding that like seven and a half million, 100% federal funds on that. So it's going to have some turn lanes, have some slip lanes, we're not 100% sure. Yeah, we're not 100% sure what the design will look like. Obviously, there's a lot of utilities. There's a lot of factors that play as far as utilities as well as traffic, right? I know that you guys are approving new subdivisions along there. And so that all takes into account. It will more than likely be bigger than what you see at Vero and 92 because that one is extremely small. Yeah, it's underpinned. Can tell you as, I mean, it's busted as we call it in a transportation world a long time ago. And so now we're trying to figure out how to make that and part of, you know, trying to push the Vero project so that way you guys know what we're trying is to continue the four lane section from where it currently ends at Vincent and go right now. The plan is 292 and fix that roundabout problem. If I could get my way, it would go past that because selfishly, I live on the segment of Vero between 92 and Savoy Road. And so when school, it's great right now because there's no school in session. And so traffic is like just, it's great, right? But as soon as school is in session, if I don't leave my house at 645 to drop my daughter off by 730 and that's how long it'll take me to get to Westminster on eBruzard, like she's missed, she's going to be tardy for school. And so again, selfishly, I need it to go past that. But no, like that's how that intersection was able to be put for roundabout because three years ago, we did not have a crash problem with the intersection because they did not have the traffic volumes. Now the traffic volumes have created a crash problem, which means we need to put it around about, which means we pay for it. But I mean, that did not really even exist. It'll probably be bigger. There could be some slip lanes. I do not think that the roundabout will be as big as the one that is at eBruzard in Colley's slope. Oh no, no, it would be somewhere in between that one and what you see at 92. Awesome. Well, let us know how we can help with the Vero project. We're obviously all ears on that. We will. We just emailed somebody about designing it. And so now apparently I need to text there. So when he comes back from vacation and be like, hey, let's get the design for this other way. I like that. And Pam, at the appropriate times, got some great creative ideas. One is interim fixes at the Veroide in 92 interchange as well. Okay. Maybe some things that we can bridge over. So yeah. All right. Well, thank you guys. It's so much. Thank you for working with us. We appreciate it. That sounds good. We'll see you in two weeks. All right. All right. We've got a new agenda item 8.3 is resolution 2025 14 a resolution adopt in the 2024 2025 and it's for water pollution prevention plan for the young's always water treatment facility. LPDES permit number LA 0 055328. Motion to do all right motion by Miss jump on second by Mr. Nylon any council comment or discussion any public comment. Can no public comment misgid your peace call the vote. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay, agenda item 9.1 is ordinance 498 2025 in ordinance of the city of young's Louisiana meaning the code of ordinance is chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments. Miss champagne motion to table. We're still working on it, Mayor. Okay. Thank you, ma'am. Miss Boris. Miss Boris seconds. All right. Since it's a specific meeting we're taking on that too. Do you want to do August? Was that okay with you? Yes, August is fine. We should be finished. All right. So it's a motion second to table to August. Motion to table are non debatable. So Miss, please call the vote. Miss Derbogiana. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Miss champagne. Yes. Miss Farah. Yes. Motion approved. 0152 2025 in ordinance for the city of young's, Louisiana. Amending the official map for the city, young's will providing for the annexation of additional land into the corporate limits of the city of young's, Louisiana. Be in the track owned by Roslyn Budwein consisting of 1.015 acres located section 17, Township 11, South, Range 5 East, Lafayette, Paris are shown on that map titled map showing property to be annexed into the city of young's, Louisiana. Every 37 bar Cliff Road prepared by Jonathan Elboujouv, PLS stated April 2025. Okay. Motion by Mr. Nylon. Second by Mr. Bullgiano. Open the floor for public hearing if there's any comments. All right. Any council comments? All right. No comments from the floor misgid really. Please call the vote. Miss champagne. Yes. Miss Farah. Yes. Mr. Bullgiano. Miss Nylon. Yes. Close should approve. All right. 9.3 is ordinance 502, 2025 in ordinance of the city of young's will. Louisiana declaring its intent to acquire full ownership of a movable property located or designated. Excuse me. Has a lot 87 sugarlanta states. This is a judicated property that we're trying to clear. Miss champagne has motion on the floor by Miss champagne. Second by Councilmember Nylon. Any council comment or discussion? Okay. Open the floor for the public hearing if there's any comment. All right. There's no comment for the public hearing misgid. Please call the vote. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Miss champagne. Miss Barres. Yes. Mr. Bullgiano. Motion approved. All right. 9.4 ordinance 503, 2025 in ordinance of the city of young's will. Louisiana. Next, 20 tax aged in Article 3, sales and use tax. Mr. Bullgiano. I'll make a motion to table this until is it next month's meeting? August. It'll be August. All right. A motion table by Mr. Bullgiano. Is that second? Miss Barres. All right. Motion table and second to the August meeting. Miss Kidri, please call the vote. Miss Barres. Yes. Mr. Bullgiano. Yes. Miss champagne. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Two ordinances this evening for introduction. First one's 10.1 is budget amendment ordinance number 504, 2025 in ordinance of many the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of young's will Louisiana for fiscal year 2425. On the reverse copy of your budget, we do have a consolidated roll up of the amended budget and Miss White is going to be giving you this evening the draft copy of the proposed budget, which is really relevant. The amended budget and the proposed budget for both of these. So I'll entertain a motion to introduce the amended budget. All right. Motion by Miss Barres. Second by Councilmember Nylon. All right. Is there any public comment? Want to share with the public that we are going to be having a hearing for the adoption of the 2526 budget and it's going to be held on June 26, 2025 at 6 p.m. and the financial statements are available for public inspection at City Hall. So all right. We have a motion and second. There was no public comment. Miss Kidri, please call the vote. Miss Barres. Yes. Mr. Bullgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. Okay. 10.2's budget ordinance 505 2025. An ordinance adopting the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the City of Youngso, Louisiana for fiscal year 2025, 2026. Okay. Motion by Councilmember Champagne. Second by Councilmember Nylon. Also very similar to the previous ordinance. You have a consolidated roll-up of the revenues and expenses on the back of the budget ordinance that you're voting to introduce. I do. I will have one amendment prior to the adoption. We are going to be adding an exhibit to support line item number five, which references the salaries of the elected and appointed officials for the City of Youngso, and as I mentioned, white is going to be distributing to you a full budget copy today as well. And for the public, the financial statements are available for inspection at City Hall. So there was a motion in a second. Is there any public comment? All right. There's no public comment. Miss Kidri, please call the vote. Miss Chopin. Yes. Miss Barres. Yes. Mr. Bullgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council. As I mentioned, well, I didn't mention, but I shared with Garrett, unfortunately, Tim's under the weather today and excused his attendance. I'll just share some of the highlights from his report and then we'll go to Pam, Susan, and I see Chief Reves here as well. If he has anything for the staff and Chief Rousseau, it also. All right. So the sports programs, the T-Ball-based ball softball leagues have selected. They're 16. They'll start teams from the 6U to 14U boys and girls and their tournaments are underway. The sports for all leagues started this past Monday in games, begin on Monday, May 30th with the UL-based ball night. They will participate in the Pony's Girls World Series and the Mustang World Series and the Champions League. So we're getting busy into all the World Series tournaments. The Sugar Beach Summer volleyball leagues have started. There's 151 participating teams. F&A flag, football spring league is finished and up this Wednesday of next week. Tennis programming continues. Pickleball league continues. Council on aging classes and free play are on a scheduled. Special events coming up. 2D baseball's World Series is going to be coming up starting on the 18th and running through the 23rd. And the 2D opening ceremony is going to be on Wednesday, June 18th with Coach Matt DeGs, who's the UL-based ball head coach as the guest speaker for camps and clinics hosting this week the UL-based ball camp and also the Barcelona Spain soccer camp. And then for sponsorships, he asked me to share that we recently announced the Independence Day celebration of Red White and Boom presented by Lafayette Roofing on Thursday, July 3rd. And I'm going to ask you at the Youngsville Ampitheater Power by Slumco. There's still some available sponsorship opportunities and you can visit YoungsvilleSportsComplex.com or contact the Sports Complex Office, TMS coordinating all the sponsorship events. But we hope to invite the public. We hope to see you at the Ampitheater for July 3rd for our annual event. So Pam, you have any update for the council? Yes. So of course, as you've seen, we've opened up our fourth general roundabout in the extension. So that project is more than 85% complete. We still have the Western arm of Fortune Road. The contractor has moved his crew from Fortune Road to Highway 89. So we have two crews, both project crews, are working on Highway 89 to try to do as much as we can while we have it closed. They started removing the old roadway today. So they've doing that. And the Fortune Mill and Overlay project, that one was, we did our final walkthrough with DOTD last Friday. So there was minor punch list items and they have started the DOTD paperwork. I saw it come through in an email today. Luribia Road, the ground breaking. It'll be in a few weeks. We've already started. They have their construction administrator and he sent stuff to me as well. They'll review in the submittals, all the draider submittals for them. So even though they have a sort of breaking ground, they are working behind the scenes. We're still waiting on core approval for our Anselam Koolie project. The Shemet Agriab, and we are trying to see if the state will let us combine Shemet Agriab and the Highway 92 turn lanes. The mayor has mentioned so for cost effectiveness, if they'll let us do that, they both have capital outlay money. If they can, we'll combine them. If not, we'll be in a position in the next 30 to 45 days to advertise them for bid. Put them out for advertisement. Pending mayor approved. I hesitate to say this, but that was faster than I thought. I have a film, I regret saying that. 30 days. You guys are all witness to that. The Highway 92 widening, we're still waiting on to find out from the grant. We've been awarded that. We did submit for a sidewalk grant through the TAP program. I think they received 60, I think it was, I wish they were still here. There's going to be three that'll be picked from our region, so it's pretty competitive, but they did say those who were phased had a better chance, which I did ours as a phased project. Highway 92 in Prescott, we're about 70% complete with regards to the design of that project. All right, any questions for Pam relative to those projects? You'll get to just stuff it in the budget, the capital summary, but the priorities for our administration, what we're proposing to you is that we'll be continuing young, so highway, south, the legislature adjourned today, and if the current bill signed by the governor will have funding to continue that project, we're hoping to grip into Copperfield ish area, so that we'll continue focusing on young, so highway, bringing that work further south, the Riviera, as Pam mentioned, and the Southern East West corridor, which is Jim and Agriab doing the first phase, which is basically coming in from Dayton and Guillaume. The second phase will be the middle where the S curve is, but we're going to go ahead and reconstruct the two edges of it coming off of Guillaume and coming off of Dayton. And then, what you're talking about, a couple of the areas, the series of churning lanes that we promise at South St. Blays, and then also churning in the Metery Center left churn. So it'll be a series of three left churns, two at South St. Blays, left each way, and then also a left onto Center Sarsal, if you're going west on East Milton. And we believe that that'll be a good interim solution until we get the full project funded ideally through a grant, and that expands East Milton, wide, and from South St. Blays to field crest. And the monies we talked about moving from the MPO would basically fund a complete overlay just in its current form. So we have some backup options, depending upon when the full grant project comes through, but we have interim solutions kind of like we did with Larivierre. When we started trying to tackle that project back in 2016, any questions about PAMS projects or McBades? All right, Susan. So for the waste water plant, we plan to start advertising June 25th, and the bid opening is set for July 23rd. So we have our fingers crossed on that that will get some good bids. Pump station four, y'all accepted tonight, so they'll be working on the punch list. On pump station three, they did a semi-stortum last week, and we have a final inspection and a pump station test tomorrow. So that'll be finished fairly soon. Waste water plants about 65% complete, filter delivery is expected next week, and they're still expecting to be complete by September. Sugarmoban, we're still trying to nail down the force main route with TRAD. So hopefully we'll get that done soon. Waterline interconnections, y'all accepted that last meeting, and they're addressing the punch list. Pump station five, that design is progressing, we hope to have that impermitting in the next month. Any questions for Susan? So you'll see in the budget as well, but no new projects you've been hearing all about. The three and four are finishing. Those have been accepted now with your votes. Waste water treatment plant, this is the rebid of that project. So we'll know our destiny with the rebid at the end of July. And for upcoming pump stations five and 14, those are the two that Susan's been briefing you on in her report every month. Those are the next two pump stations that we anticipate needing some work as we continue to expand. So that's why we've included them in the upcoming years fiscal budget. Water plant doing well. Alex is here. Alex went here when I shared with everybody at the last meeting that the two water systems that our team operates did get designated in A. The three years, this is the third year in a row that the Louisiana Department of Health is designating a letter grade to our system. So Alex, since you weren't here, I wanted to thank you publicly for that. And then also a new initiative in the utility department. We learned from the severe weather event in January that one of the things that we could do a better job of is notifications to residents outside of just social media and traditional news media and the event of water advisories and situations that rise to the occasion of notification. So Alex has worked diligently with a new notification system that what I'm most excited about is that it integrates, it will integrate with our utility system to where if we have your contact information accurate in our utility system, it'll interface in those type of notifications. So it's not going to be an opt-in system like our current emergency management solution that you can sign up for on YoungSold.us. This one is, you know, if you're, however, your utility billing data, so if I have your accurate number in that, that's what we're going to be sending. So we've been beta testing that in the background, but that's been another project that separate from all the infrastructure work that we're working to improve on the back end. Any questions about any of the public water sewer infrastructure or projects? All right. Thank you, Susan. Appreciate it. Chief Revette, did you have anything you wanted to share, sir? I only have one thing, but I want to let you move to our private bodies. Okay. Chief Reussard, anything, sir? A couple things. Congratulations to the officers that played in the volleyball tournament. We finally beat the fire department. I think that's a chief Revette was mentioning. First year and four years. A couple things. Myself, the mayor and Catherine been working closely, trying to work with the budget for the department. I appreciate all you guys help. Trying to redo the pay scale and increase the starting pay with the department. Last month in May, the police department ran 961 calls for service. So far in June, they've ran 348. Thank you guys for all your hard work and dedication. I appreciate you guys. All right. Thank you, Chief. All right, Terry or any other, Haley, this man. Couple reminders. Tuesday evening from five to six here in the council chambers. We are having our Louisiana Development Ready designation open house. We've had a group that has been working with Louisiana Economic Development, myself and a couple other folks from the city that we've been just trying to help with Louisiana Economic Development to move towards writing a strategic plan for economic development for the city. So this is the next step in the process. We conducted a SWAT analysis based off of the surveys that we had distributed out earlier this year. And so from those responses, we conducted the SWAT analysis and we've set some goals that are going to help fuel the strategic plan. So we'd love if anyone would like to come. We'll have some boards up with the results of the SWAT as well as the goals that will be available for folks to give their feedback to see if there's anything else that we might not have covered in there or that they think is important to include. So Tuesday the 17th, that this come in Tuesday here in the council chambers from five to six PM open house. Also, I wanted to talk about a few things going on with the Chamber of Commerce. As you all know, we started a farmers market. This Saturday is our next farmers market from eight to noon at Foster Park. Please keep an eye if you are hoping to come. Please keep an eye on our Facebook page because we are obviously watching the weather to see what's going to happen. So there is a chance we might have to cancel this month's market. We will be making that call tomorrow. We will be posting it and there will be an updates and out through the Chamber's list of contacts. We'll also likely send it out through the cities as well just so that everyone is aware if we do have to cancel that. Also, the Chamber lunches are now every month, the second Wednesday of the month. So I encourage any of our businesses, business owners. If you want to get involved, kind of learn a little bit more about the Chamber. The Chamber's got a great lineup of speakers for the rest of the year that are going to be presenting this past week. We did this BA loans, golf coast bank presented on the different programs that are available. So we will continue to offer lots of services that are available for our business partners. As well as if you haven't heard, dancing with the stars is coming on July 19th. We've got a great group of dancers. So please go show your support by some votes. There are a few of those dancers that are sitting here in this room as we speak. So go and support them. Sponsorships are still available. If you can't buy a ticket to attend the actual event, you can purchase votes to help support the dancer that you want to witness competition. So please go support our Chamber, support our local businesses. All right. Thank you, Haley. Any council announcements this evening? And happy Father's Day to all the heads. Yeah. All right. Well, there's no other council announcements. Is there a motion to adjourn? All right. A motion by Mr. Bulljana, second by Mr. Nylon. All in favor? All right. Meeting adjourned. You'll have a great evening. Thank you so much. I'm after seven. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.