are a little bit different. They're not as populated with subdivisions except for dog park. Yes. So we try and we try to come up with a good feel of what's going on. Parks and Rec has already established. I've approved with Terry a litany of signage there. The branding and the rules and all of that. We're ready to go. I mean, it's going to be if you've seen, I love Moncus Park. I love Moncus Park. But if you've seen Moncus Park, the dog park. If you like that one, you're going to love this one. I mean, this is a big step ahead. The technology that the parks and rec department has, it's going to be online registration. And they're going to respond to you with a unique code. And that code will provide you access into the facility. And it's really first. So the name is Young's Will Bark Park. And anyway, the typical rules and regulations signage that you see at the sports complex and at foster park. And all that branding is already in place. Angie's been working with Tim and have all that ready to go. So the dog park is really, really close. The hours I don't recall, but I believe, I mean, they're not, they weren't anything more than daylight hours. There was nothing more than daylight hours. Veterans Park is really going to give you a great purifull view of gateway into the city when you see all the flag poles and the fountains, you know, lit up. So you'll see it at night. You just want to have access to it at night. So. All right. Any other questions? Mr. Stanzberg. And then the final one. I just put an update here. Uh, our, our friends in Sugar Ridge and update on the Lily pond. Lily pond is an extra storage. Stormwater storage area that we are nearing the conclusion of between Shemet Park and Sugar Ridge phase two and four. Uh, the excavation is really complete. We've been going back and forth with the pipeline company to get the, to get the outfall for the drainage structure. The pipe has to cross a pipeline. So, um, the end is very near on that project. Right. Let's hope. All right. Are there any other questions about the drainage projects or what we intend to do or what we're considering doing with regards to parks and recreation? All right. Well, then I'll move ahead. Resolutions. Resolution number 202321. A resolution of the mayor and city council. The city of Youngville authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to Louisiana facility planning and control F. P and C project number 50 M. W. Two to three zero to waste water system improvements planning and construction and improving 25% match 25% in matching funds. So, uh, the city of Youngville is required by the state. There's a motion by Mitch jump on a second by Mr. Volgiano. Any comments