do early works so we're going to start on some drainage on the fortune and we're going to do the same thing on highway 89. Starting from the fortune road location. We have let's see we started surveying for the press got 92 roundabout and we're working on another layout for the long line nation at Agriop extension and then South La Riviera 95% plans are complete and we're working on some modifications that do to the requested on the drainage and bridge reports that'll be submitted before the end of the month. Thank you I did have a conversation with the developer of long line a rigid states today so I have I have an update about that I want to talk to you about about shaman Agriop so we're as we're looking at that alignment. And Pam just said up at the reason we've been we were very successful in the legislative session as I've communicated to the public before about funding for a lot of our road projects. We're waiting for those dollars that were in the appropriations bills to get scheduled through the state bond commission and the states really made no secret about their over committed about 300 million dollars in capital outlay projects. So we're trying to do the best we can to get scheduled on the bond commission as soon as possible that meeting there is a meeting next week but it doesn't look like any local projects are being are part of that agenda. So that's the reason why Pam and I have met and we're we're anxious to get more started early work drainage you know specifically is one of the critical past so we're going to be breaking out some components of it to do it as early work so that we're not committing to the big overall project until we know the money has been bonded out. So still kind of going through a few of the bureaucratic steps unfortunately but I'm confident that it'll that it'll come through because it's a project that's in essence really already started so all right thank you Pam. Stuart. Yeah well the next bond commission meeting would be October but but if you're able to break out do some breakout of drainage we're hoping that we can maybe get mobile laws to do some of the drainage work yeah they be mobilized in October yeah mobile us so October begin to get some more yeah so all right Stuart B.O. as everyone knows is with JB Muton who's our contractor for the sports complex expansion. Yeah thank you and congratulations Terry and Catherine you know new positions been pleasure working with you also for and look forward to continuing the sports complex with you all. So update on the sports complex since that's not last came we've established a guarantee maximum price of the milestone in the project project that we were really just working on earthwork. And storm drainage so that