move to staff announcements. Pam. All right, well, while you're on there, I did happen, my report. So we did follow up with the engineer of the developer on the long-line extension to give him our line work for the preferred alignment so that he could put it over his plans to see what kind of impacts within modifying the development. So we did submit that. 2022 roadway improvement program, I think everybody's aware we're reconstructing North LaRiviaire. So just for the council and the general public, the contractor is not on the road right now because it is curing with the solstimates. So I have to always clarify that when people see the contractor working and off the job. But he is scheduled to do the paving to do the asphalt paving. He was scheduled to start Monday right now. It looks like it could rain Monday, but whether permitting they will start Monday, if not as soon as it, whether it's dry, they'll start the pavement on North LaRiviaire. We are currently patching still in field crests and then we'll begin our milling and overlay part. Next we'll become after they finished field crests. They will go to a couple of sections that we have in Copperfield and then the last remaining in the 2022 roadway would be the Valesco crossing. Both by detention ponds, of course, are complete. We still have a few weeks left on the Bailey Grove before they have to do their clear lean certificate in order to be able to collect their retainage. And of course, Kulu, the Sal, the 45 day lean period starts after we record that document that you guys approved today. For the sidewalk project, the sidewalk drainage project that along Highway 92, we are 75% complete with the survey data collection on that project. LaRiviaire Road, we have 100% plans to submit to DOTDB for Thanksgiving with an updated cost estimate. 100%? Yes, it will be 100% now. They have their 100% then they have their vinyl and they've got, you know, DOTD has like 20 different ones. But is 100% further than plan and hand? It's just before they do their plan, they do their plan and hand after you give them the 100%. Understand the bureaucratic terms. Yeah, they have like six additional submittals compared to what we do. But, Anselam, Kulu, regional detention pond, we are working on the modeling and started the environmental documentation that we have to send for the solicitation. We have a lot of information to use. Those plans are in January. We did receive from the state today, which was quite interesting, a new checklist for what they want in the age and age. It's always nice four months into the process to get a new checklist of the stuff they want. But we did receive that today. Highway 89 road widening, the contractor was delivered 60% plans for NQITies, for a GMP on the week of October 18th. We