tournament will be next weekend with ice rink arriving on Sunday. Then the setup will take place the entire week of Thanksgiving. A splash park has been closed and winterize will reopen in May of 2024. We tracked attendance and had close to 5000 actual participants not counting their parents or guardians in roughly a four month period. Raising Cain's tennis center was recently named the facility of the year in the state of Louisiana by the Louisiana tennis association. All pickleball free play continues with council and aging starting again the first of the year. The opening of veterans park is the Saturday at 7 a.m. in the Akkadian of veterans alliance. Ruck and run is we're working with them in conjunction with our local veterans. A foreign a wars post 90 to 10. So we had a final meeting about it today. I think there's about 130 race participants in the Ruck and run. So we haven't any events kicking off at 7 a.m. They're going to be on the road running 7 a.m. It's a 10 K. So we're going to be putting out some information just about you know the roads and the route traffic. But it's going to be early that morning on Saturday. So we're excited to to raise the flags of our new stormwater park stormwater project turned into a park this Saturday. Youngso Park Park fetched by the day go family. Is this is going to be the sponsor we've secured their sponsorship there. So kind of a creative play on it. That's why it's being called Youngso Park Park. And you'll see the signage fetched by the day go family. I want all the final signage goes up the parks now permitted through the parks and wreck website. Parks Youngso Parks Parks and Recreation dot com right engine. All right users can log in create an account on that site to purchase a $10 permit. The permits are sold for large dogs 25 pounds and over small dogs. 24 pounds and under once the permits purchase users can email the proof of vaccination. And at bark park at Youngso LA dot gov once they receive the payment permit proof of vaccination a unique code is going to be provided to access that park. It's $10 a year that permits a valid for a calendar year. But since we're opening late this year. The first permits we valid until the end of 2024. And the shots required or border teller rabies and parvo. And the renewal email reminders will go out in November of December of 2024 to remind them to purchase a new permit for 2025. So I'm excited to share that the water treatment plan which includes an elevated storage take and water line connections. The final coordination we think is finally all complete and we're ready to put the job out to bid. So we're going to be working on some bid dates for that project. This is going