doing that, you're devaluing your neighbor. You're making him feel inferior to you. So keep those two principles in mind. The American principle about freedom, the Christian principle about treating your neighbor as you would like to be treated. Thank you, sir. Any other public comment? Yes, sir, please. Steve, Mark, I've just had a couple questions. If you have a, what is it? Only two foot difference in one of the variances. Could you find your reasoning for that? From 25 to 33. Yeah, the 25 foot versus 23. Is it because... Well, the ordinance allows you to do 25. You can go down to 23 if it's compensated with points. But was it your intention just because the model that you saw, that you were trying to mimic, was offered in a 23 foot. The plans you saw were at 23 feet. That was my understanding of it. Well, we also considered the one that was already on Avenue A, and after the plan was drawn, we actually have 25 more. So for your Jane Street, without really need that. Don't need that one. Gotcha. It's going to fit. And that's for the first three. And we don't want to do the three units. I see. And it was 10.1. I suppose, too. I gotcha. OK. So it's a very small number. Yeah, the question. Yes. If you have a variance, are you setting a precedent? Well, I think that's a great question. That's something that I think the council has to ask themselves every time they decide to consider. I think that the circumstances on each one, I think they have to make that decision. And what's, you know, I mean, if, let me say this, I think that if there was a greater consensus tonight, yeah, this meets what our intention of the ordinance was. I think then, a variance may be like, oh, do we, you know, is 10.1. Would we allow that? I think that that would be something that would probably be notable for discussion. Well, council, I mean, yeah, what do I want to do? OK. Mr. Bulls, John. I'd like to make a motion to be a table. Then I have heard the discussion about the outlining possibly an architectural code or a downtown or stoker district as far as what we'd like to see built, with what materials before we try to botch an ordinance and say something that we keep trying to give our answers on. Yes, ma'am. Mr. Shumpin. My question is really for Wade. And I don't disagree with the table, but Wade, should we motion to table or motion to deny? I would motion to table. To table. I think Mr. Bulls, John, those motion was to table it. That motion will need a second, and then you can vote on it. If it doesn't get a second, then the motion dies for lack of a second. So does that mean that it cannot come back?