you you you you you you you are you ready all right All right, good evening everyone. Welcome. Tonight is the regular schedule meeting of the Young Soul Mayor and City Council. But before we're gonna have a special meeting. So thank you all for coming a little bit early. I apologize for the delay for our opening this evening. I'd like to ask Councilman Champagne to lead us in the invocation and then also the Pledge of Allegiance. Please. Dear Heavenly Father, as leaders of our glory and city, we are gathered here tonight, asking for your guidance and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding, and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at Thonur Z and we pray to enjoy your blessings. Guide us in following your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus, amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, individual, with liberty and justice for all. All right, thank you, Ms. Champagne. Nicole, please call the roll. Ms. Bares, here is the Bojiano. Here. Mr. Romero. Vajquette and Vijandee, Ms. Champagne, here. All right, there's really just one deal on the agenda for this special meeting that it's to fill the unexpired term of Ken Stansbury. As you know, Ken Stansbury was fortunate, we're fortunate to now have him begin in a January representing us on the Lafayette parish council. We wish him the best of luck. It's sincerely been a personal privilege of mine to be able to serve with him since I have been fortunate to serve as your mayor. So now with his vacancy being received by the Secretary of State, the council has an agenda item tonight to appoint an interim council member to division D to fill the unexpired term of Ken Stansbury who resigned his position effect or October 16th, 2023. So agenda item 3.1 will open the floor. Well, first let me do this if I can. Couple of the candidates are here. I just want to acknowledge them. No particular order, but Ms. LaSagne Dumbar is here. LaSagne, great to see you again. Thank you for putting your name into the hat. Miss Jamie Cree is here as well. And the second row, Jamie, thank you for your continued service to our community. Mr. Drake Ward's here in the front row. And then also Mr. Philip Canahan is here as well. Am I missing anybody that's here? For the public's benefit, we did have nine applicants for the interim council seat. One of the candidates, Ms. Glen DeBrine, has elected to withdraw her name. Ms. Bryan's active in our historic society. And as we've reported previously, they're doing some work in the 307 Iberia building, which is formally the chamber. They've started the demolition, the remodeling of that building. So she's focused on that project