to the even and odd days, I think that will, excuse me, I think that will achieve really what we want. So we're going to put out some communication about that because I for one don't like being told what to do. But I think if we can scale it into putting it into what we want to do, I think we might be a little bit more successful there. Just for the public benefit, our young water system is still working and operating fine with normal PSI. We are a wholesale customer at OUS and that's where we're really experiencing the biggest decrease in the water pressure in the areas of the city that do receive water from OUS. Of course, as Sarah mentioned, we have an incredible looking water plant that we're on the cusp of putting out to bid, which we tried quadruple our daily production and we'll be able to take some of those OUS customers on to our system. So we do have a plant that we're working for there. And I guess finally, let me just make a comment about Chief Woodrow. I'm intended to open the meeting with this comment, but I failed to do so and I regret that. Like all of you, we are fully aware that Chief, he met with me yesterday, gave us his resignation. And I respect his decision. I think he made the decision that was best for him and his family and his health. I've enjoyed the great work and relationship with him over the my 10 year as mayor and even before when he ran the first time. So I wish him nothing but the best and a successful next chapter of his life and health and wellness. Maybe we'll get him out walking on a fortune hills so we can lead it off. With regard to what is the process now, let me say that the process, the process has been established and it's consistent with how it's been in the past when we had one of our elected officials resigned upon receipt from the Secretary of State's office. There is 20 days in which the governing body has to vote. To ratify an appointment collectively, we intend to bring forward some recommendations, a couple of nominations perhaps. We're still kind of sorting through what that process looks like exactly. But I can assure you that we intend to fulfill the responsibility that we have that's prescribed by law and that we will have an interim chief before you at a special meeting for this council to consider action on. We've also been told from previous history an election will be called in the future presumably March. But you know too early to really know those details yet because we're not we don't have them yet. But if you want to think ahead, that's likely the next going to be the next process there. So anyway, with that said, I'll go to my right