tournaments will begin in July. Spring, the adult sugar beaches, they're currently finished and registered for their next session. So is F&A flag football and so is soccer at this time. We were also officially notified that ComfortUSA, after the Comforts vote, the teams vote that the ComfortUSA beach tournament will come back to Sugar Beach in 2025. Sports for all are special needs. The first practice was this past Monday, so they'll continue to practice and eventually games on Mondays. And then they will be part of our world series tournaments coming up. We're also be part of the Zodaco hoop fest basketball tournament. There's 12 sites around the KDiana and will be one of 12 sites, June 22nd and 23rd. We have another USA Powerlifting event coming to the Rec Center. 2D baseball, the world series will begin June 19th through the 23rd out at the complex. And then we'll also have the Slumberjay corporate event at YSC on June 27th. Great. Any questions for Tim? Teri, anything like you good? All right. Are there any council announcements? Thank you. Good job, Mike. What did July? Celebration? Yeah. So thank you. Great reminder. July 3rd. I don't have all the details in front of me, but I think we're starting our social media campaign this week. So make sure that it gets uploaded. What we're doing is basically a repeat of what we did last year. It's going to be at the Youngsville Sports Complex, same location. We're going to be part of the team's team. Last year, it's going to be at the Youngsville Sports Complex, same location near the soccer fields. The only change this year is that we're going to be changing. Well, two changes, really, that I can think of at the top of my head. Entertainment lineups a little bit different. Of course, just year after year, that change is a little bit. The second thing is we're going to be shooting the fireworks from actually the expansion side of the Youngsville Sports Complex, the chief and Nick at the park. We made a great suggestion that was to utilize more of the soccer parking lot that was closed off last year. That's going to be used entirely for parking. We're going to shoot the fireworks across the street. Since it's still a construction site, it needs to be closed off anyway. But it still have great visibility from really, if it's a clear night, just so you're everywhere in the city, as well as from the Youngsville Sports Complex soccer fields. But it's going to be a great event of family entertainment. The splash park is going to be open until I think until close to dusk that evening. I don't really recall the time, but it'll be open during the day leading up to the event. There's going to be kids activities. We've had an overwhelming interest in pop-up shops for this event. So looking forward to hosting another great event