I think that that also helps me in the role of judge. Also, I'm proud to have received the endorsement of the Latvia at Paris Republican Executive Committee. I'm the only candidate in this position running for judge who has received that endorsement. And I'm the only candidate who's practiced both civil and criminal law who is running for this seat. It is important to me that our judges uphold the law. That's what I've done for 20-something years. I'm proud to have the opportunity that our judges are fair and equitable in their decisions and that our decisions are just. The values that I have as a prosecutor and that I have growing up as a child will stay with me on the bench. I am not just a candidate. I am a voice driven by empathy, compassion, and an unwavering belief that the law should protect and uplift every individual in our community. I thank you very much for listening today. I thank you for your attention. I just also want to mention to you all that the election is on October 14th. I humbly ask for your support and your vote. But I want to make you aware of a few things. I know on October 14th seems like it's a really long time for you all, but it's right around the corner for us. It's also some big events in our community. That day is the LSU Auburn game, which is being held at LSU. It is festivals and hot and in the last year. There's a co-op train cake breakfast that morning, in Park International I believe. It's usually wear a tail. And it's LPSS is all break that weekend or that coming week. And so a lot of people may be doing other things or out and about in the community and or out of town. So early voting starts on September 30th and lasts through October 7th. So I'd like for you to put that on your radar as well. Just because it's going to be an important election. There are a lot of candidates here tonight and there are a lot of candidates on the ballot. It's important to get out and vote so I want to encourage early voting. Just to make sure you get your back. I thank you all for your attention. Thank you, and best of luck. Thank you. Right, agenda item 3.3, Ms. Monique, Blanco, Buie. To announcer candidacy for Lafayette, parish mayor president is here this evening. Welcome, Monique. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor. Always enjoy following Cynthia because she takes care of the early voting push for me. But I definitely agree with her and encourage early voting. Thank you, Cynthia. Tonight I'm here to introduce myself, Monique Blanco, boule running for Mayor President Lafayette. Some of you know me professionally. I've been CEO of the Acadiana Planning Commission for nine years. A lot of our work flows through Youngsville. Back in 2017, the governor