it back and you know we will discuss it and perhaps abuse more clarity you know about the intended usage that the council can take into consideration. Fair. Thank you. Thank you. Are there the council comments at this time. Any any public comment since we were since now we're discussing simply the reduction of the offer. That's it. That's it. That's a bad idea. It's a host of problems that will come from that being planted there. I'm not going to go into detail to it but that you just ask him to trouble. I would recommend if they're going to do that please stick with a permanent type material. We also have a responsibility to the people that live there. Thank you, sir. Is there any other comment from the public or from the council? Okay, there was a motion in a second. Excuse me, please call the vote on Mr. Volgiano's motion. Mr. St. Barry? Yes. Mr. Schaunho? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion to. All right, thank you, council. Agenda item 5.3 discussion, adoption. I'm sorry, 5.2 recreation advisory board appointments. The schedule which mine reading appointments for the council benefit. Mr. Rios nominating the local new Mr. Volgiano's nominating machine. Taylor. Mr. Romero's nominating Rocky Reshore. Mr. Stansbury is nominating the Daniel DeBiole and Miss Shampine is nominating the Bell Dabby. Motion to accept all five appointments by the council. Okay. Motion by Romero, second by Miss Rios. Any council discussion? Any public discussion or comment? Okay, there's no comment or discussion. Schedger, please call the vote on the appointments. Miss Shampine? Yes. Miss Rios? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansbury? Yes. Motion to. All right. Motion adoption of City Council Meeting Policy. Let's turn it over to Council Members Shampine. Thank you, Mayer. This is basically just some council rules and policies that the council is establishing on ourselves. We want to make sure that everything that we do here, that we're fair to everyone that comes before us, and we have gathered all of the information necessary to make an informed decision for the residents that we. we represent. So there's two council policies I'm putting forth tonight. One is on variances while taking agenda expansion's first agenda expansion shall not result in an action item unless all information is gathered and provided to the administration and the council at a minimum of two work days prior to a council meeting. Any action on these items shall be tabled until the next regularly scheduled meeting of the council. These items shall be for information purposes only. The only exception is administrative request. The reason for this is because sometimes we're asked to vote on an agenda item expansion and it should not in my opinion it should not result in any action being taken by the council. Sometimes if we don't have all the information before us to be able to make that informed decision. So that is