and four here. We have two real issues in this particular neighborhood that are not being corrected by lily pond one is having traffic, have another route for traffic to exit onto Shimmy Metery. Then secondly, I'll touch on a drainage issue in a minute, but the 70-foot right away would allow us to build a road north to Shimmy Metery. It would also give us, I believe, opportunity to have another corner on Shimmy Metery. Hopefully that could open a sub-economic development opportunities as we have a corner on Shimmy Metery that leads directly into a large neighborhood in our city. Our goal would be to construct this road before we redo the tractor, go fresh, guillage, Shimmy Metery roundabout so that way at least that one neighborhood would have a clear exit to avoid all the construction zones. The second is there's a drainage issue that kind of rears its head occasionally when there's a particularly right now when the the cane fields is, I guess, chopped might be the right word. The rows aren't prominent so the water is not being channeled within the rows and it really just sheep blows directly into that stub out and infiltrates the street collection system. So, Artisare would be to acquire the property, work to create a ditch to channel some of that water to the roadside along Shimmy Metery. And then I believe this would be an ideal opportunity to propose a change order to the current 2022 road project that we have existing and get the contractor that's working now on the Almanaster Marto series to work with McBade to get this road constructed before Nilshafer's plans are ready to construct that the roundabout. So, I'll have to answer any questions about it. What we're asking you to do tonight is approve the budget which would take us through the land acquisition, the land acquisition of I think total cost is about 25,000 and then the remaining cost is for road construction. I'll make a motion to approve a minute budget for 500,000 for the Velasco crossing extension. Thank you, Councilman Romero. Second, second, Councilman Stan's Barry, any council discussions? I did. I was curious because I knew we needed to kind of talk about it. I think this is great. I'm glad you're working on it. I know Lundy, Yolts neighborhood, desperately needs more exits. What's the footage, the length of, is there going to be a stop sign where the new road starts or right there where the current road stop out is? Here that wouldn't be a stop sign. Connecting. So, what's that length of that road? Because I guess, it wasn't supposed to be a stop sign where the data in stops to where Velasco stands. 1100 feet. Okay, so it's 950. Okay, that's my curious because obviously you're going to have a lot of cars using that straight shot. Pam, Pam, I accept two questions. I'd like to see us looking to get