nice. This is the this is the Regional Detention Pond on South La Riviera road just north of southside high school. So, if we get some rain this weekend, maybe we'll start seeing a little water in it. So, yeah. It's more like a league. All right. Is there any public comment? All right. If there's no public comment misgidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, Councilor. All right. 6.2 resolution 2023-35 resolution ordering and calling a special election to fill the vacancy of council member division D city of Youngville, state of Louisiana and taking other matters in connection there with motion by Mr. Bolgiano, second by Mr. Romero. Is there any comments or questions from the council? Any public comment? The way this resolution is written for the public's benefit is that there would be a special election held on November 5th, 2024 as the primary, qualifying for the vacant seat currently held by council member Creed would be July 17 through 19th. All right. There's no public comment. Or is it public comment? Council comment. All right. Misgidry. All in favor, motion approved. Right. A gin item 6.3 resolution 2023-36 resolution requesting financial assistance from the state of Louisiana under the fiscal year 2023-2024 local government assistance program. Call that legap in community water enrichment fund program. All right. Emotion by Mr. Romero, second by Mr. Creed. Welcome, Mr. Creed. All right. Any comments or questions from the members of the council? All right. Any public comment? All right. Misgidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Right. Just for you, for y'all's benefit. I mean, what we're doing, we typically apply for this grant every year. We've been applying them to water meters. I don't we haven't replaced a lot of water meters that are just past their useful life. So we've we've used we've applied this grant to water meters. We're using this grant for some of our improvements at 307 and 305 Iberia Street. The renovation and part that's happening for the historic societies funded by grant like this. And then we're also we have had some discussion in the administration about using this grant for a police vehicle. So all right. agenda item 7.1. We have three ordinances for final adoption. Ordinance 287.22023 in ordinance amending ordinance 287.1 to adopt. Louisiana State Uniform Construction Code is maybe amended from time to time relative to building regulations in the city of Youngsville. Motion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Barraz. Any comments or questions from the council? I think I explained last meeting. This is simply to let our ordinance float in response to whatever the state code. Yeah, always reflect the state code rather than us having to read it every time they make adjustments. It's just going to be adopting what they have. Any public comment? No public comment misgidory. Please call the vote. All in favor. Motion for. And genitim 7.2 is