 I was with somebody the other day and they said, well, tail in. All right, good evening everyone. Thursday, June 27, 6 p.m. The meeting is called to order. Tonight is a special meeting of the Youngsoal City Council. I'd like to ask for the invocation and pledge of allegiance to be led by Councilmember Jano, please. About your hits. Dear Heavenly Father, as leaders of our growing community, our growing city, we are gathered here tonight asking for your guidance and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding, and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at the mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. Guide us in following your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus, amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God and in the visible with liberty and justice for all. Thank you, Lindy. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barra. Here. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Here. Ms. Cree. Here. Ms. Champagne. Here. That's a good time. Yeah. Okay. Councilor Jeniom, 3.1 is bid review for the Youngsoal Water Treatment Plant. We open bids on May 8th. I would like to ask for Susan to come up. If she would open bids on May 8th, we were excited. We had four bidders that evening. for her recommendation. Yes, we had four bitters. The bids were fairly close, which indicates that they were good bits. They ranged from 9.9 million to 9.66 million. There were three deductive alternates to change the pavement from concrete to limestone, the second one was to change the roof from a standing seam roof to a standard roof with some architectural deductions. And then the third was to deduct one of the filters and just to leave that constructed so that that filter can be added in the future to save some cost. If you take the bids and subtract the three deductive alternates, the resulting low bid is from NCMC LLC for 8,617,000. So once we got that, we discussed it with the mayor and went to the WaterSector Commission to see if they would give us some more money. It was hard fought, but they did give us an extra 12%,600,000, so that helped. So we recommend accepting the three deductive alternates and awarding to NCMC LLC. Are there any questions from the council? So this will be funded from 5.6 million in water sector dollars. I believe it's roughly 2.5 million is going to come from our revolving waterfront where we had the 0.95% interest. Susan, did they have an estimated construction time on this? I think it was a year. I don't recall exactly, but that's what we set out in the specs. I guess upon awarding, are they ready to go as far as immediate or are we going to have to get into a queue on the current? As far as I know, I assume they're ready to go. They haven't indicated otherwise. Okay. I'm sorry, Mara. Susan, can you tell us about NCMC? I've heard of the other three bidders, but I've never heard of them. NCMC is out of Baton Rouge. They do a lot of plant work, water and wastewater plant work. We've done a few jobs with them. Haven't had any problems with them. They've been responsive, so do good work. So that's what I can say. One thing I did want to mention, I said we have $5.6 million in water sector dollars, which is correct. That is a grant. It was a competitive grant. We do not have to pay that money back, but we did also get $600,000. That was the HP 782 that Burton alluded to. That is money that we can use for roads or for water. So that's there as well. Mr. Ramara. Motion to accept bid by NCMC. Miss Champagne. Okay. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? No public comment. Miskejrid, please call the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. Thank you, Susan. Thank you. Right. Ordinance is for final adoption. Prior to this meeting at 5 o'clock, we held a public hearing to gain public comment relative to the amended ordinance for the budget for the fiscal year that ended in the June 30. The budget item 4.1 budget amendment ordinance 4.90, 2024, an ordinance amending the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of young zoo Louisiana for the fiscal year 2324. Before you make a motion, I did just want to point out in an effort to give you the most updated fund balances that was possible on your on your desk this evening, which is the same copy that Burton was reviewing. And the budget item that was the budget item that reflected the most accurate fund balances to show for the end in the beginning of the new fiscal year. So independent if you're making any changes to the to the that disapplies to the next two budget items, I would ask or the next two agenda items, I would ask that you make the motion to approve as amended. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. All right. Any comments from the from the council. No comments. Miskeedry, please call the vote. The motion approved. The agenda item 4.2 budget ordinance 4.91, 2024, an ordinance adopting the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of young zoo Louisiana for the fiscal year 2425. Mr. Boljano. Motion to approve. Thank you. Mr. Barr is. Okay, a motion in a second. I'm Mr. Romero, you have a comment, sir. Yeah, I had a discussion. I had an opportunity to meet with Catherine yourself Monday and then I spoke with the chief on the 81 tax budget being that we're being ultra conservative. I definitely in favor of a person that three units, but he did guarantee that we'd be providing three units for surplus. And if possible, we can phase these vehicles, maybe I would suggest maybe every 90 days. One vehicle every 90 days because and then, you know, obviously, tax revenue increased by the year, thanks could change, but I think that would be very prudent on the department to slowly roll those out. Is that possible? Is that okay? Can we add that amendment or? It's open for discussion. So I do have a question. Chief, the units, is it more beneficial to get them all at once versus space in a moment just because of availability? And then then begin to the queue wants to get graphics like spate because they're going to we don't know what, you know, other agencies are going to have the flow in. Is it going to take more time later on if 90 days from now we get a unit it may take six months versus two months, you know, it's almost impossible to tell with the way we're flowing it out right now. We were lucky last week, we were able to get them immediately. The benefit that we have to be full disclosure is that we use black vehicles which have tendency to be a little egetified. So we should be able to get them. What about the current status of the vehicles of these replacing the vehicles now that are and disrepair? These were actually correct and these were actually secondhand vehicles whenever we purchased them. Okay. So just keeping the rotation rolling vehicles to make sure that we're not purchasing a whole bunch of vehicles that wants it and they're all going out of service at the same time in a few years. So just keep our fleet rolling consistently. Okay. I mean, I mean, and your personal opinion, do you think you'll give it a last 90 days of time to make it the last that long? I think it's just get them all at once. I mean, I think we should be fine. Okay. So, I think we should be able to get them in an issue. For the new, within this budget, you have a new position for an SRO that assumes going to be starting at August. That's correct for ARCA. With that. With requesting the new school resource. How is that going to work with that position? As far as having a vehicle. Oh, having a vehicle. We will add it within this and that'll be we have the extra vehicle now to put them in and we'll just rotate the other ones out to fleet. Okay. So we should be good with that one. Thank you. So Councilman Romero had a had a, I don't know if you were offering that as an amendment. An amendment to the motion. I guess. Okay. So we have a motion second. I mean, that's the right way to do it. And then we'll vote on it properly like that. Okay. So let me ask this question. Are we voting on simply the amendment now? Or do you have other adjustments that you like to make within the budget? Because if so, we can do it the amendment by amendment or you can do it. The budget as amendment, depending upon if you have other questions related relative to the budget. Okay. Councilman, are we, I'm assuming that we're financially sound as to ahead. I mean, can we just bottle three at once? Does it have to wait every any days? I think in this situation by the time we would get them in and then have the graphics done. It can carry over. So I think it would be fine if, if necessary, if they're available. I'd rather just get it. If they're available, I'll just get them all through at the same time. I don't see the point of waiting 90 days. Every 90 days just for the sake of doing it. If they're available, if they're available and we have, and we have the funds to do that, I don't, I'd rather just get them all at once and put them on. I think we can't predict the future. And if we, if we were available to do that now. I just think that you might go from this is, yeah, this is probably the most conservative budget I've dealt with in 10 years being on council. I'm actually a little worried where revenue is going to go for the rest of the year. I know in my industry, which is the car industry, it's going up. We had a discussion earlier today, me and the mayor. I agree black and white vehicles easy to find. White is probably a little bit harder than black. White units are a lot harder because it depends on the type of white unit you're getting. But yeah, being commercial fleet type vehicles are not, you know, in a shortage right now. I guess I should say. I think, you know, with the chief actually saying he would be okay with that. It's just prudent upon us as a council to be very conservative right now. Again, it's just my motion solely to add to it. That's how I feel. I'd like to have that amendment added. Is there any other council discussion? So we have a motion. We have a motion and a second and that's to approve the budget as amended with the making the cars. Three purchases spaced out at least 90 days for each. Okay. Yeah, and and a sir. Yeah, and a surplus. Okay. So let's vote on the motion as amended, please. Are the vote on the budget as amended. Councilman Romero and the shampoes motions. All in favor with the exception of Mr. Volchiano motion approved. All right. So, I want to thank you for the time that you've spent to share your input with this. I certainly want to thank Catherine Acko with Mr. Colder shared. It's been a pleasure working with her throughout this process. She's put a significant amount of effort into it and just excited about the continued direction. That your leadership takes us in the finance department. I want to thank the colders, of course, and just quickly, I guess a message to our employees. This budget that was adopted tonight does contain a 3% increase for all of our staff. But I want you to know, I know 3% doesn't necessarily keep up with the cost of inflation, the cost of doing business and things like that. Your leadership, Terry and Catherine in particular, Kristen, have been working on pay scale, looking at comparable wages and other agencies and so forth. They've made a lot of great progress on that and hasn't they haven't finished it to present it to me. But, depending upon how revenues go this year, we budgeted flat. So, depending on how revenues go, I'm looking forward to receiving those recommendations from our staff. And hopefully, I think the goal is to put a merit-based increase in to where your directors would have some leeway. And it would cost the living and it would also be a merit component in there as well. So, I appreciate their effort in working together on that to bring us something. But I just want to say thank you to all of you for everything that you do every day. Because this type of budget would not be possible without y'all's leadership out in the field. So, I do appreciate that. And to the point about it being a conservative budget, I think we have a new... It's conservatively forecasted on revenue. I will agree with that. And I think it's responsibly forecasting expenses to still be able to generate a nearly $4 million operational surplus. I think it is something that we should all be proud about. So, thank you and more to come. So, any other business before the council? All right. Is there a motion to adjourn? Motion to adjourn. All in favor? All right. You have a great night meeting adjourned. Thank you so much.