no, I don't or that I don't agree with any of these people getting the time off. I just when I hear that it's, you know, everybody is going to be more of a hourly quantitative instead of, hey, this how many days you get. And you still get the 15 days if it's all across the board, but the eight hour employees are obviously getting less hours for the 15 days compared to the 12 hour employees for 15 days. There's a big gap there. Okay. And I don't know if it can go back in front of the board. Yeah, the way we have another agenda item. And look, I'm only one person speaking up here about it right now. I know Lindy said his part. So. Oh, you're in four. Let's see. Yeah, it's okay. We'll go to miss shop. Let's see. Just a second miss shop. Thank you. I agree with Matt and Lindy comments. Do we need a motion to request that the board civil service board meet to discuss this item? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I didn't like I meant this is other business require no action to discussion. But if in the event you want to discuss it in the next meeting, you're free to do so and put it on the agenda at the next meeting. Okay. Our next board meeting is not until October. October 31st. Okay. So we can put it on that agenda and have discussed the hours of just maintaining police officers, kids. Those 15 days. Right. Are we talking about 12 hour days for 15 days for 12 hour employees? Yes. Okay. I know that the SROs when they're not in the schools in the summer, they're put on patrol. But I don't know that we could justify enough to say that they're considered 12 hours employees because really they're whole schedule is justified on school. School hours. So I would keep it to the 12 hours employees just because that's just the standard customary. I know espera call all ago, but I think it's just the customary vacation days a lot of 12 hour employee. Okay. So I'm sorry. No, just what I have. So in the interim, we're not taking action on this. Kristen will not take action on either. That's just what I want to what I want to what I want to bring up. I mean, my appreciation of it is that civil service rules have the have the same effect as law. I mean, the states that you does give that authority to the to the young civil service board. However, I mean, with with that said, I did ask the state examiner myself. I said, well, what happens when? You know, how does this work now? Because I mean, I certainly want to be in compliance. And I think we, I'm sure I can say everyone we certainly want to be in compliance. I mean, there are there are new rules