components. What a pergola to be installed. The fountains and the rest of the electrical is waiting to be installed as that process happens. And in final dress up, we'll include dressing up and hard to see at the end of the job. Perfect. So it's really looking nice out there. Unfortunately, everything's dead due to the weather, the United States forest for grass. So it'll be even prettier. But just another part of a drainage system that because the drainage was completed first. So it's it's after this new project. It's a new project. So basically to include veterans, Memorial Park. Right now flag pose all up. We're waiting for the pavilion to be completed. Then we'll start installation of the pavers which shouldn't take but more than three to five days. Once all the concrete is completed, all the trash cans are being installed. The security posts for the swing gates. If you right out there, there's some swing gates in the parking area, which really came out really good. That's going to be to where when nicking them go out to secure it's already latched. It's a pretty nice system. Once all that's completed, they're waiting to once the sign, if you notice the big sign on the right hand side, the bricks and all that. Once all that is completed, then they'll start doing the wooden bar years, the irrigation hydrants, landscaping, low, low light lighting out there. So it's really it's really coming full for full for you know, tradition to what we planned the parking area. So we're there looking at for this one, basically before the end of September to be completed, you know, similar to the dog. So we just wait not some components. But both projects by the end of the year, everybody at the end of the summer is kind of what I'm describing. I need to get something out on social media about it, but the Akkadian of veterans alliance. I forget the name of the running club, Southside running club. I believe in the city of young zooler doing a joint venture, our joint celebration. I guess it's going to be a 10k rock and it's going to be on Veterans Day in November. It's going to start and end at our new Veterans Park. So it couldn't be more proud of that project. It was it's a great spot that it's a great spot that you know, it's the same story. Drainage mitigation completed and now we're layering in a recreational component there. So just wanted to give an update on those on those projects. And then finally, oh, Mr. Stansberry. Oh, now it's on. Watch out. What times are those parks are going to be open? Have we decided that yet? We haven't really discussed that after. Times I did briefly kind of talk to Nick. It's going to you know, either dust or dawn or whatever times that are appropriate for those areas. Those areas