build there? A single family home. Or what? I mean, that's why I want to dialogue. I mean, we have four to five residents here tonight, but there's obviously a plunder out there. I don't want to hear them all. I think that they all have valid points. And I agree with them all hardly. But what does that look like? Like this is, we're literally doing the same thing with done immediately in this prior. So I don't think they're just throwing a moratorium solves in the bill. Well, I'm trying to solve your concerns more than anything. Although it sounds like we just, I mean, moratorium just solves their concerns and what you want. But what we envision may be different. And I'm agreeing with everyone, but I'm simply saying that there's far more dialogue and conversation into that one topic than just a moratorium. Oh, I completely agree. It needs more conversation. I said that earlier. And I just want to say what I'm saying is it could shy away future developers that may, what if they decide that he wants to build a beautiful home there? But tonight, he may be like, I don't even want to deal with this anymore. He just backs off completely. Then he goes back to being an empty lot for the next 10 years. I'm just saying that's why I'm suggesting dialogue. It's a much more inviting term than saying, deny moratorium like that's it. If I may, I just, I think just for benefit of everyone, neither of the lots in question tonight, would you be able to put a mobile home on either, just so you know how our current code of ordinance reads? We may all have different opinions about it. And perhaps I think the outcome of probably having a committee to review it would probably be to tighten those restrictions of that area. What could you say? It may be that it's just a single family, single family, you know, homes only. That may not be the outcome. I don't think we need to determine what the outcome is. I think if we, if you want to have a committee, let's have a committee but not predetermined the outcome. That's my concern if we just deny it. Because the way he's modifying his request, he's not asking for any variance on it. So, so it means. Can I make another comment now? Yes, ma'am. There was another question I didn't ask. And I think our engineers here, but I don't know have y'all taken into consideration on your drainage components on this, because you need to have it engineered. So, in my opinion, that's just me. I'm not a developer. I'm not a contractor. I've seen things happen in this city. But after you look at your points and your drainage analysis, you probably won't be able to put four on that lot anyway that you're considering putting on that lot. So, drainage is another