I really do. I'm tired of seeing it. It really is too much traffic. I mean, you all do a traffic study for everything. That's a traffic study for everything. It's a traffic study being done to all these townhouses that's coming. I mean, really. The issue with traffic is that you have two schools in a very small area that are no longer neighborhood schools. And there's a, you know, when they were neighborhood schools, a lot of people went to the neighborhood school. Now there are larger areas, schools that are coming and not as many people use the bus as you know. I know. And it's like I said, I'm just saying, I mean, I understand you have to move forward. It's progress. I mean, life doesn't stay just in one spot. I get it, but I just wonder like one is somebody gonna say, okay, we have enough. Well, we, you know, I recall, I mean, vividly, I mean, Mayor Viettaart told me, he says, once you stop growing, you start dying. Yeah. So, I mean, that's something that I think about, you know, because I want to see a vibrant church street. I want to see somebody reopen in someone is where our lean is, but in order to have people that want to... But trust me, I do want to be a good... I need people to live there to spend money at Orleans. I remember the times in Shannon. You remember too, that was nothing here for us. I mean, I do appreciate people coming here. We grew up here, it was nothing. They would call it a sticks. It was nothing here for us. And I mean, I do appreciate people coming in. But it's just to say, I mean, it's just, it's like they're all on top of us and it's like, can we just breathe for them? That's all I'm saying. I'm saying, I think that's all I'm saying. And I love y'all. Thank you for coming tonight and a voice in your concern. I just had a couple of questions. So, as far as you're asking about the ordinance, which one are we going to put in place and what that's going to be? There's already a Lanyard's ordinance and an ordinance in place today. This is more or less for us to get your feedback on how you want us to currently tweak the existing ordinance as it is today and how do we see it fit from today going forward? And how do we want that to be used? Okay. As far as the... What did you mention to me? As far as the properties being dilapidated is if we're focused on one part of town. I don't think it's per se that. We have that all over town. I mean, even in my neighborhood, there's homes that are dilapidated. The difference is that there's an actual way that we pay for that governs that versus y'all