sidewalk. So finally, you know, kids in some of those areas, investment as an example, we'll have a safe route, you know, to school on a sidewalk there as part of this reconstruction. So just wanted to point that out. Any questions for Pam? All right. Susan couldn't be here this evening. You have her report. I just wanted to point out and I'll point out to her. There is a number five that we need to add to her report. And that's, I don't really know all the details about it honestly, because there's another one of these grants that we did years ago for the Fortune Road. I think you helped us with it. I'm sure the Fortune Road pavement preservation, you want to tell us about that? Yeah, that we put that one in at the same time as the LaRivia Road. So at the time we had put it in for Fortune Road repayment. We also had done day-taunt repayment at the same time. We did do a project where we did do some, it's a little bit more than a mill in overlay, but we knew that we needed to come back and address the base. So this is the project, what we did is we did a short term five to six year fix. Back when the mayor first came in, it's holding up well, but it was to get us to the point that we could, when this grant would actually come from a standpoint of when that you win it, you know, you get it, but it takes them. It depends on what year they have and they have to go through the selection process. So this is in fact the project that we've been wanting to have with a good reconstruction. It should come out to be something like what, as far as for reconstruction of the base, similar to what you guys have paid for on Bonnet, on Deacon, and what you did on LaRivia, you know, on LaRivia years ago. Yeah, thank you. And I think they're doing soul-borns sometimes soon. Yeah. That's what that's anyway. So we'll add that to Domang Zabo's report to continue to give you guys an update on that. Any questions about Susan? All right, Terry. I just a quick update on the veterans park. They're forming up the actual, they did most of the sidewalk and forming up the parking area. So that should be for peace soon and they were hopefully upgrade weather and continue. The dog park up there, they're getting ready to mobilize to come in and start that also. We did remember we did the Peruvian offense to kind of make it safe and keep people out. So everything's moving forward. Perfect. Thank you very much. Chief Boudre. All right, thank you, sir. And all right, let's see Miss Champagne. I want you to go first. Thank you, ma'am. First. First of all, I want to wish all our