I don't lose well. Mayor. I have a comment is pulling the personalities aside. We haven't mentioned yet something that I know when I pay us by there, which concerns me a great deal, is that it the said that's aren't what they are today, what we have today in place. So if we would put a truck or a vehicle on the side, it would inhibit or hinder emergency responses in my opinion, because it's kind of hard to even get around that area right now. That's something that we haven't talked about, but it could hinder if it's parked on the side of the building or even in the rear. Yeah, I think we'll be able to get that there. And that's a that's a fair point that I'll let somebody else comment on. But the issue I do agree, the issue, the root issue here is noise. And I do frankly suspect that noise may continue to be a perceived issue or an issue, whatever it is, it shouldn't be factual because it's decimal readings. I don't think the I think the issue may pivot to something else. So I've tried to the best I can to work with you on what we perceived the issue to be. And that's why the conversations have really centered, you know, largely in our conversations related to the food truck, because as far as the noise from the music, I know that you've been working with the police department to try to establish that right level with the decimal readings that are prescribed by ordinance by the council. So, you know, so that's why my focus was really on the variable that I felt I could influence. And our conversations, I've enjoyed meeting with you. I don't I don't, you know, I think what I see is a business owner that has her livelihood in it and wants to succeed. You know, you and I met before you opened the business and we talked about the food truck and I told you I said, look, we don't have anything that regulates it. It's come up. We're not there. You know, and I said the best thing that can happen here is probably to be neighborly. Well, you know, that's so subjective, right? I mean, like, you know, Matt may not think I'd be a neighborly. You said next to me, I take up a lot of space. You know, so Lindy may think I am being in a mat then, you know, it's just it's it's in the eye to be holder, right? So I think food truck is probably a symptom of probably a greater concern there. So I don't I don't have any, you know, ill feelings as far as like me moving it back. Because I think you were, I think basically you were making a point to me to say that what no matter where it is, it's an issue. Yes, you know, and frankly, had