nice because of the end of the break, we could shoot straight out, sit about an hour or two, wait for things to come down and do what can come back into the thing. So in regards to the float, lighters themselves, the personnel on there, it was the significantly easier for us to traverse the path. Okay. Wouldn't be the ex-agent with that. Good to know. Thank you. Okay, I got a thumbs up back there so this is good. All right. Any other comments or feedback? I think no matter what, it's a lot of people to try to corral. No matter where the route is that we're counting on human behavior, there's so much that's out of, so much that's out of our control. I think our obligation was really just hearing it all and taking it all in from the drivers to participants, the residents, of course, the business owners. I didn't make public all the conversations that I was having, you know, with the business owners. And some of them that I followed up with afterwards to see how did they compare. There was a lot to take into place. So, but I do appreciate the feedback and it doesn't have to stop now. I mean, I'm, you know, our jobs to listen and that's what we continue to do. You know, but we'll continue to try to do the best so we can. I guess that's about a lot of things to say. So, all right. All right. Well, if there's no other feedback, I guess we'll go ahead and continue to move on with the meeting. But thank you all sincerely. A gen item 5.1 is approval of March 14, 2024 meeting minutes. Emotion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Mr. Romero. Any council comments or discussion? All right. Any public comment? Can you give me a skidgery please? Open the vote, please. Ms. Varez. All in favor. Motion approved. All right. A gen item 6.1 is approval of the February 2024 finance report. Emotion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Councilman Varez. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or question? Okay. Yeah. Hearing none, Ms. Gidgery, please call the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. All right. Thanks Nicole. 7.1. Varians request from Ms. Claire Morley to allow her to postpone the installation of a sidewalk for the photography studio to be built at 2513 Bonan Road. Hey Claire. Hi. Thank you so much for your time. So, I want to start off by saying I am very pro sidewalk throughout the city. My situation here is that I have nothing to attach it to. I am in between residences who are well established. And so the city work that would have to be done to have a sidewalk to attach it to is going to be quite a lot of work. So I'm sure there's potential for it in the future. And I was just hoping to postpone my section until