is you take baby steps. You do a little bit at a time. You take the baby step, you let it get established, you let people see how it works and get comfortable with it, then you take another baby step. I think you're at that point where you could take that next baby step and you should take that next baby step for the Royalville District. We actually had an ordinance that we worked on that got introduced right before COVID. And then COVID distracted all of us and it's never been brought back up. So maybe we need to have that conversation again, but I would say that possibly the solution to both of your concerns is to get a good architectural code established for that area. Well, thank you, Mr. Len, you always bring, I think a lot of wisdom. And I do recall that particular, that ordinance we introduced and then it, there was something I think the timing just wasn't right because we were really trying to balance. Of course, we didn't have the development interest in that area and we were trying to get it ready for development without really saying what you can do with your property yet. But I mean, clearly I think that we're there now. You know, when you talked about other neighborhood that you see, the neighborhood I grew up in, or that I think where my grandparents lived, my father still lives, my grandparents live, it's in Metery and where my grandparents lived, you know, these houses are being torn down and it's like these little mick mansions are popping up. You know, because old Metery's too expensive, you know, so this area where I grew up, now they're the entire lots, the entire lots built to story. And then if like, you know, we're my, next to where my grandparents lived, it's still the other house and maybe that's okay, but I think we can't establish that probably until we get, I'm glad to hear this interest in the community because what a great, what a great opportunity that we have, yes sir. You reminded me, and I promise to sit down after this, one more comment. But one of the things when we first brought this performance land use ordinance to the community, one of the things I really believe that it helps, that this explanation helps to understand how the performance land use ordinance works. And it's because the land use ordinance is based on two principles. One is that this is America and you should be able to do with your land what you want. It's a freedom thing. But it also has to do with the great Christian principle about do on to others as you would have them do onto you. In other words, don't devalue some your neighbor's property by doing a McMansion next to a three bedroom house, like the one I live in. Okay, don't do that because by