 All right. All right. Good evening, everyone. And welcome. We're nice to see everyone. Thursday, August 10, 2023. The time is 6 p.m. We welcome you to Youngso City Hall. It's the regular schedule meeting of the Youngso City Council and mayor. If you'll please join with me in standing this evening. Our invocation will be led by Pastor Chris Williams from Pentecostals of Youngsville. Pastor Chris, are you here with this this evening? All right. Any volunteers? Perhaps to lead us in the invocation? Lenten? All right. Mr. Linton-Bruce Sard. Let's follow our heads, please. Heavenly Father, today we're gathered as your people to discuss things that are important, not just to our community, but to you. And so God, we ask that you preside over this meeting. Allow us to honor you, to honor and respect each other, and to show how important it is for us to serve, and to be one and united. So that our community can continue to grow. And those who don't live here would want to live here. To God, let us lead with your heart and honor you today and every day of our lives. God, this meeting in Jesus' name, amen. Thank you, sir. And this evening, our pledge of allegiance will be led by Councilmember Ken Stansbury. I would like to lead you in the presence of the United States of America and to the Republic for which to stand the reanimation under God, the individual, the liberty and justice for all. All right. Good evening again. This evening we have a few of Madam Clerk. Yes, we're doing something new with our new software, roll call. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Mr. Stansbury. Miss Champagne. All right. We have several persons, our organizations here to address the Council this evening. The first, I know I'm anxious to hear and learn more about our friends from Arca, Miss Stacy Brunette, Principal Terrio, I saw Dr. Luella Riggs cook is here also, Mr. Terrio, at the whole team, I believe. My friend, I'm so sorry I forgot your name, the principal of the elementary school. Head of school. Okay. I'm going to need the new org chart. But anyway, our friends from Arca are here this evening to present their renderings of the athletic complex for Katie and at Renaissance Charter Academy. So I'm sure everyone would like to take it over. Miss Brunette, if you'd like to approach the podium, you can start from. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Council. Thank you, everyone. I used to be a cheerleader, we're good. So my name is thank you, Brunei, I'm the director of external affairs department, the USA and the Louisiana. And thank you so much for giving us some time. But what I wanted to do tonight is I wanted to introduce you guys to our wonderful staff here in Youngville. And also give you guys an update on what's going on at our school. So first I'd like to introduce our new head of school, Miss Kim Lamir. Our athletic director, Miss Travis Scott. The principal of our high school, Miss Lundelk area. Our regional see print in at Mr. Greg Terry. Our two wonderful attorneys, Gary MacArthur and John Cook. We also have our senior Latvian charter foundation president, Dr. Mary Righ, token. I will. I will give you a few Dr. Cooks that you can you can open it up. But we want to show you three rendering today for a new stadium for our high school. Give you guys a little preview of something. Good evening, Mayor and council people. It's my pleasure to be here. And first of all, thank you so very much for inviting us, even though our relationship with Youngville is almost 11 years old with your predecessor. This relationship has grown and I want to thank you for nurturing even more with what you all have done for us. We have a vision for our children in Youngville in Lafayette parish, the state of Louisiana and the United States. And I want to thank you for working with us to make that vision a reality and to give you a clear understanding of that vision. I will call on Miss Kim Lamir to invite you. So attached behind everyone is a rendering of our football field. And at this point in time, it is a work of art that we greatly appreciate. And I'm actually going to turn it over to Travis Scott, our athletic director, who will expound on this amazing stadium. Dr. Cook spoke of growth just a second ago and all the growth that we experienced over the course of the past decade wouldn't be possible without the city of Youngville. And as we bring a facility like this to the city of Youngville, one of the things that's important to us with our students, with our faculty members, with our student athletes is to pay it forward to the city of Youngville. So we look forward to being an important community partner and using this facility to positively affect Youngville, its residents and its students. Miss Landella principle. So if y'all like me the first time I saw these plans, I was like, where is it? You know, so to help you situate where it is, this is on Shem and Metery across and obviously there's not that many trees there now. So if you know where Prodigy is, the early learning center, it's the property between Prodigy and Daytot, but not the corner is where this is going to go. It will face the new facility that's going up for Youngville's, the Rec Center where the baseball fields and all that are going. So it will be, it can kind of be part of all of the Youngville Recreation. We'll be able to support our students in football, which we have our first football team has been out there practicing right now, so we're starting that football program right now. We are continuing to grow all of our programs, our track program typically runs 150 or so. 150? So if you know anything about track that's phenomenal numbers in any program for a track program that sometimes carries around 20 students and we're running about 150. We have about 100 students who are going to run cross country this year. They run in the fall. That's in grades cross country five through 12, five through 12. So amazing numbers are also. We're just continuing to grow and what you're looking at here in the building that's closest to the street, that's the field house, that'll have two locker rooms, a weight room, some offices, you know, probably the. My words are not coming. The washing facilities and everything you need there. There's a concession stand and Intrigate that's behind the visitor, the stands. There's another concession stand on the other side to the far left over here is what we call the track shed because you've got to store all this equipment. So eight lane track allows us to run regional meets and big, big meets. It'll also allow us to run meets for like a you which runs all the way from my second grade on up, a you. We can run, you know, the community can use it as well. It will be able to run all high school meets. It would probably be collegiate as well. I think I mean we're putting almost. Almost so it's going to be a lot like similar to what we're building. Y'all are building with the baseball fields where it's going to be a multi use facility that we that can accommodate everything that that we all want to need. It doesn't quite have enough parking, but we can hopefully we can partner with the offers and help on that. And we're excited. We think this is going to help us continue to grow our school. I know if you've been out there, you saw we have our third building, which is K2. And so the 9th, the 912 building should be starting soon and that'll house 1200 high school students there. Right now we're running pretty close to about 3000 students on campus. We're fully enrolled in our three buildings. We have about 1100 on the 612 campus and there's 900 on each of the K2 and the 35 campus. So once we add those other 1200, we're looking at a quite large school. That's a K12 school. So we're excited. We're excited. And we're glad that we get to continue to partnership with y'all for this. So thank you. Absolutely. Thank you. We're excited. We're excited. Thank you. I guess when you said for the fall is that for the start of construction this year, which is what was the timeline fall of 2024. They will be kicking off on the football field. The construction should start within the next 30 days. Perfect. And has there been any more could there possibly be any more conversations with the LPSS Lafayette par school system about some partnership opportunities. We've had a couple of informal discussions about that. Certainly these are public dollars. We want to put them to good use and we want to serve the community. What that would look like we don't know at this point. Of course, we need to know who our superintendent is and we need to know who our new school board's going to be. So we know who the partners are to be talking to. So we've had some of those discussions. There are opportunities and we're glad to proceed. Well, I appreciate the open mind and we're excited about the project in young zoo. I was thrilled to see the plans in in cleanse office while back. And thank you for the continued investment to the entire team and Miss Lamar. I'm sorry. I didn't remember your name. We sat next to each other at the graduation. I just on the spot. I can remember it. So best of luck for our successful school year. Thanks each of you. Thank you so much. All right. Next we have several candidates qualifying ended this week for the fall October 14th elections and we're privileged to see that have several candidates here to address the members of the city council. The first is even is miss Cynthia Spadoni to announce her candidacy for district court judge division L. Hi, everyone. Thank you very much for having all of the candidates, but me as well, you know, here tonight speak with you all. I think I know most all of you, but just in case. And to the members who are here watching I am Cynthia, see most was only and I am running for district court judge officially as of this week. So just a little bit about myself. I grew up in Fork it Island, Louisiana on a rice cattle and crawfish form a community much like youngville was before the big boom. A forming community and in that community, I learned the values of hard work of community service and service to the public. And I enjoyed volunteering and many organizations whenever I was growing up and that that is still a part of who I am today. I have dedicated my career to public service. And that is one of the reasons why I want to continue in public service to my community. So I went to cap on high school graduated from cap on high school that I went to law school or undergrad and law school both at LSU. And whenever I graduated, I came back to the 15 JDC back then, Vimilian parish and clerked for Judge Derwood Cork. And as a clerk for Judge Derwood Cork, I learned a lot of the intricacies of being in the courtroom every day. Of course, so I'm going to talk to y'all in for them. I learned about being in the courtroom. I learned my first introduction to the practice of law was from a judge. And so I think that that really helped to prepare me into this next phase of my career, hopefully of being your next judge. After I clerked for Judge Cork, I worked at a civil law firm in Lafayette and I practiced in that realm. And then I decided that I was looking for more of a public service avenue, which was something that was a value to me ever since I was a child. And that's when I began being a prosecutor. And so I went to the district attorney's office in New Orleans where I got lots of experience as a prosecutor in the Orleans Powerful Youth Office. And I did that for around five years. And in that time, we were in court every single day. And so I tried cases in New Orleans and I had a lot of experience in their court system, which is different than the court system here in Lafayette Parish. But it helps to bring some of that information with me to our system and to figure out what works and what doesn't work. So I was there for five years and then I came to Lafayette where I had been a prosecutor for over 15 years here in Lafayette Parish. And I've been fighting, I've been prosecuting murderers and racists, thieves and burglars, and trying to keep our community safe. Trying to make sure those violent offenders are removed from our society in a manner in which people have all faith. And trying to give, you know, for people who need it, the rehabilitation that they need in order to become productive members of our society. So that's what I have been fighting to do for 20 years in my career. I want to continue to make sure that our system is working. This is why I am running for a judge. I want to be a judge who gets in there every single day and does the work. I promise you that if I am elected, when I am elected, I will be a judge who comes to work every day and does the work. I want to be a judge who gets into the courtroom and knows the cases that are being presented in front of me. And it's prepared to hear those cases. As a prosecutor, we need judges and as civil attorneys, we need judges who are prepared for court. I promise you that I'm going to be that judge. In addition to having a career in both civil and criminal law, my husband and I are small business owners. We own a business here in Young'sville as well as a business in Scott. So I know it that's life. So I understand what it's like to be a business owner and striving every day to make sure our businesses are successful. So I think that that also helps me in the role of judge. Also, I'm proud to have received the endorsement of the Latvia at Paris Republican Executive Committee. I'm the only candidate in this position running for judge who has received that endorsement. And I'm the only candidate who's practiced both civil and criminal law who is running for this seat. It is important to me that our judges uphold the law. That's what I've done for 20-something years. I'm proud to have the opportunity that our judges are fair and equitable in their decisions and that our decisions are just. The values that I have as a prosecutor and that I have growing up as a child will stay with me on the bench. I am not just a candidate. I am a voice driven by empathy, compassion, and an unwavering belief that the law should protect and uplift every individual in our community. I thank you very much for listening today. I thank you for your attention. I just also want to mention to you all that the election is on October 14th. I humbly ask for your support and your vote. But I want to make you aware of a few things. I know on October 14th seems like it's a really long time for you all, but it's right around the corner for us. It's also some big events in our community. That day is the LSU Auburn game, which is being held at LSU. It is festivals and hot and in the last year. There's a co-op train cake breakfast that morning, in Park International I believe. It's usually wear a tail. And it's LPSS is all break that weekend or that coming week. And so a lot of people may be doing other things or out and about in the community and or out of town. So early voting starts on September 30th and lasts through October 7th. So I'd like for you to put that on your radar as well. Just because it's going to be an important election. There are a lot of candidates here tonight and there are a lot of candidates on the ballot. It's important to get out and vote so I want to encourage early voting. Just to make sure you get your back. I thank you all for your attention. Thank you, and best of luck. Thank you. Right, agenda item 3.3, Ms. Monique, Blanco, Buie. To announcer candidacy for Lafayette, parish mayor president is here this evening. Welcome, Monique. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor. Always enjoy following Cynthia because she takes care of the early voting push for me. But I definitely agree with her and encourage early voting. Thank you, Cynthia. Tonight I'm here to introduce myself, Monique Blanco, boule running for Mayor President Lafayette. Some of you know me professionally. I've been CEO of the Acadiana Planning Commission for nine years. A lot of our work flows through Youngsville. Back in 2017, the governor allocated $25 million to the state. Youngsville got 25% of that. We were working across seven parishes. Also, we run about 13 or we did because I resigned. Let me just say that about three weeks ago to run my campaign. 13 million dollars in roadway projects. Tonight, so I was born and raised in Lafayette, went to public schools and Catholic schools, went on to USL, met my husband David, who's in the back of the room, who was in oil and gas at the time. He took a job with Cameron Ironworks, went to Houston, New Orleans, back to Houston, ended up in Dallas. On September 12th of 2001, David had an appointment in World Trade 2 with Oppenheimer. He was selling energy investments on Wall Street. He didn't make that appointment, obviously. Neither did his customer the day before. We decided we wanted to come home. We had a one-year-old and a four-year-old. I say that story because the bank president called me when we made that decision. He said, do you know what you're doing? I said, yes, I know what we're doing. We want to be home. He said, you're choosing between European vacations every summer with your family and the Florida beach. And I said, I know. I know what we're doing. We want to be home. The reality is we found state parks in North Wiesanne and we didn't actually go to the beach that often. We went camping, we had a bunch of boys. It was okay. We wanted to be home. I understand the nuance of being in Texas, the lure of Texas. And I also understand the sacrifice of coming home. We made it. Today I have four children. Kathleen is a mechanical engineer for slumberjay. Out of Houston, she just spent two weeks in Norway. Dubai is next on her list. She will troubleshoot around the globe at 26 years old. Sam, we just dropped off in New York at West Point. She will spend the next nine years with the US Army traveling the world as well. My middle two, Louisiana boys for life. Check, check. Those two are good. I want those kids home. But I don't just want them to want to raise their family's home. I want them to be home and have creative, exciting careers. I want this to be a place where they can't. It's not a sacrifice to come home. Or you leave something on the table. David received phone calls for years from Houston to come back for much bigger money. It's not what we wanted. So I want them to have both. Tonight, today, a major announcement was made. And I don't know if you guys caught it. First solar is a US sourced solar manufacturer. It's the only US sourced solar manufacturer just announced a $1.1 billion plant. At the New Iberia Airport. That will impact youngsville. And more in more ways than just housing. It is advanced manufacturing. So their biggest competition is the Chinese government. This project has been negotiated for about eight months. One of the issues was holding out for the federal administration to agree to the definition of US sourced. Did it mean China could bring its products here and put it together? Or did it mean we would build those products here in the United States? And that's where they weren't going to build this plant unless the feds agreed to the definition of US sourced being made in manufacture in the United States. So this plant is going to be over 700 high-end jobs. Not only will it increase the number of residents you have in youngsville, their suppliers are coming. Soon as this amount announcement was made, their suppliers come with their own plants. There will be several more announcements to follow and searches. They will begin that search process now. So what I'm saying to you is be ready for that. This is the kind of thing we need in Louisiana to get our kids home. It's something where they can make good money, do exciting things, advance manufacturing. You don't have hands touch the project from the beginning today. It starts on the process and it goes all the way through electronically. And so it's really engineering design, creative jobs. And so anyway, that's the kind of work I do. Work across today, parish lines, want to bring that home to Lafayette and make Lafayette that place for our kids. Not to just raise their kids, but to come and live and thrive and have a good life. And so that's it. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you so much. And best of luck to you. Thank you. We acknowledge you today at the ribbon cutting for the drainage projects for the work at the APC. All right. The gentleman 3.4 is Justin Santani. And it's his candidacy for Lafayette parish assessor. Welcome back to Youngsoal Justin. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Council for having me this evening. I'm going to speak to you tonight about what's quite possible, the dorkiest job in Lafayette parish. It's very difficult to make it interesting. It's very difficult to really, really hit home with it. What I like to start off with is me and my family 12 years ago when we bought what we hope is our forever home, the home where our children, when they have children will tell their, tell my grandchildren about the memories that they made in that home. And when we bought it, I like a lot of families in Lafayette parish, it was an older home. And so there was a lot of renovation that had to be done. I spent more hours than I care to admit pulling Shadcarpening off the floor and pulling tax strips up with a little pry bar. And as I was doing that, I would add a lot of time to think and I would think to myself, what makes this a good investment? It was obviously the largest purchase that I had ever made at that point in my life. And what makes that a good purchase? What produces the value in that? Well, how can I know that this was a good investment for my family's future? Because like a lot of families in Lafayette parish, I intend my home to be the primary driver of the wealth building that I do to leave to my children. And, you know, I think the answer is that government plays a large role in the wealth and the value that each of our properties has in Lafayette parish. And anywhere else really. And what I mean by that is, if there are no roads that go to your property, it's not going to be as valuable. If your property floods, it's not going to be as valuable. If there are not good schools to send your children to, it's not going to be as valuable. If the firemen or the policemen can't show up or don't, you don't have a police department, it's not going to be as valuable. All of those core governmental functions, I believe, really contribute to the value in some of the property in Lafayette parish. And so I end up coming down to the, you know, what I figure is the fundamental principle of property taxes. And I have a very strong opinion about this that property should only be taxed for those governmental services that increases the value of the property. The taxes you pay in your property should only be considered an investment and not a cost. Like I said, this is going to be a little dorky. This talk right here. But it's all about ROI. It's all about how do we encourage investment in our parish, the entire parish. And we encourage investment. We're experiencing tremendous growth here in Young'sville and Scott and Karen Crow and Doosong. And we're experiencing that because the people who are buying the property know that, yes, they're going to pay taxes. They're going to be property taxes on that property. But they're going to have property that appreciates and value and they're going to be able to sell it for far more than they got it for when that time comes. And so I think the assessor's office plays a critically fundamental role in all of that because the assessor clearly does not build rows, does not build schools, does not hire, hire firemen in policemen. But without an effective and competent assessor, I think what we end up with is you have a constrained ability to deliver on the needs of your constituents. And that's where I come from the school board and say there are qualities in an assessor that matter for the effective functioning of all of our municipal and parish government in this parish. I think the four qualities of an effective assessor are that they must be a tax policy and budget expert because I think what the families of Lafayette parents need and what the governments of Lafayette parents need is consistency. And the ability to plan. You know, you can't plan your expenditures and the five year forecast of what your town needs. And let's you know what revenues you can expect, right? You're not going to be able to build a $40 million detention pond. If you don't know that you're going to have $40 million coming in. And so that's the first part right there. The second part is the assessor must be a technology expert. So for 20 years, I've worked for Iberia Bank building a career around managing financial data systems. I get up every day and I figure out how to use technology to deliver more information, better information that saves the company money. And I'll apply that same skill set to the job of assessor. And we learned from Southwest Airlines back in December that if you don't continually invest and update your technology, you're eventually going to have a serious, serious problem that prevents you from delivering on your on your core mission. I think the assessor has to be transparent and fair. In my terminal school board, we we started a website called Lafayette checkbook.com. Every day, every morning, you can go look on that website. You can see the expenditures that the Lafayette parapschool system made yesterday, who we paid it to, how much money it was, every single day. I think we're the gold standard for transparency and local governments. And I'm very, very proud of that. But you know, all of that's great. That has to deal with the job itself. I think the most important quality of an effective assessor is that they have to have the humility to admit after applying all of this technology when you might have gotten it wrong. And so my commitment to my commitment to anyone who asked me is if anyone has a problem with their assessment, they'll be able to come to my office, they'll be able to sit with me and we'll be able to go over and I promise that if they bring facts and are able to convince convinced me that we got it wrong, we'll change the assessment. So that's the promise. So, you know, to everyone in the audience and everyone at home, if you're looking for an assessor who knows technology and finance has the experience leading successful budget reforms for governmental bodies and has a proven record of fiscal transparency, then I'm just an herb for the job. Thank you for your time. I hope I can earn your vote in October. Thank you, Justin Best of all to you. The final guest speaker this evening is a gentleman, I'm 3.5 and that's Mr. Linton Brusard who thank you for your improv to invocation for Mr. Brusard. And he's announcing his candidacy this evening for Lafayette Power School Board District 9. So welcome back, sir. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Council members. I'm Linton Brusard running for School Board member for District 9, a little bit of a background about me. I'm up in a small town, small town, not like Young'sville because most people haven't heard of it and the people that do. I'm surprised is Lahtel Louisiana graduated from Lahtel Elementary in eighth grade because we only had K through eight with the Northwest High School graduated there in 2000. I have three brothers and sisters, two of my sisters are both educators, one's an assistant principal and evangelist and the other works as an educator at the high school that we went to. My dad has been a school bus driver for I don't know how long. And he takes pride in that. That's one of the people that I got my sense of pride from my dad's always worked hard. We've never had much, but what we had was enough. My mom did as well, neither of them graduated from high school, but they knew it was important for us to be able to have a great education. And so for me, that's where it started for me. I didn't want to have to struggle like my parents. I was going to UL graduated in 2004 with a double major in accounting and finance worked in banking, worked for local banks, I bury a bank, I worked as a retailer, I worked as a relationship banker opening accounts. I also worked in their mortgage department doing closings and underwriting. I've also worked for another local bank, tri-perish bank, which is no longer tri-perish bank, but I was an underwriter and processor closer there. The last bank I worked for was home bank where I did underwriting and processing and closing and also did some software development stuff. And so for me, there's a lot of information that I am able to provide on the side of homes and what that looks like and the projections that helps to make our education system what it needs to be. I know what our tax dollars should look like and where those should go and how to use those wisely. I'm also a care pastor. That is what I do now. So I also lend support to people in different areas of life. So I know the needs of our community in a different way than many other people do as well. But the most important thing for me is that what's got me to wanting to run for school board is my position as a substitute teacher. Back in January 2021, I applied and became a substitute teacher while I was in school for a master's degree online and have been subbing on Fridays two or three times a month, mostly in Young'sville, let Ernest Gallette, but some in Milton and some at Young'sville Middle and Marshall B.O. I get to look in the eyes of students who some are struggling with school and need help. Some are doing really well. And that's great. And we need to be able to focus on all of those students. All of those students are important. Every one of them has a story that can lead to someone being someone that can make a big difference in our world. And for me to be able to be looking in their eyes and understanding what their needs are would be a big help for me in this position. I also get to look at the teachers. Some who are consider a retirement because they're burnt out. Some who are considering complete career changes because they're tired of the way the school system works. Unfortunately, that's the world that we're living in right now. There's also competition with another school that's in the area. I love Arca. But you know what? Competition's good for everyone, right? And so sometimes the competition helps us to have to ramp up what we're doing. And so for me to be able to see what the teachers and the students experience is something that I would hold very close to me in terms of making decisions for our area. Not just Young'sville because it's Milton and Bruce art as well. My heart is for those kids. My heart is for their families. The stories you hear about kids families and why they're struggling is really what propels me to want to continue to be in the school system and work as a substitute teacher because I know those kids sometimes don't have anyone at home who can help them and encourage them to do what they need to do. So that one day they can look back and be successful and make a contribution to whatever city they live in. Hopefully they'd want to stay in the Young'sville area. I know that Southside is a great school. All of our schools here are great. The one thing that's lacking is the athletic facility, which I know Arca has shown us a beautiful rendition of theirs. It would be great for us to be able to do some type of partnership with them so that we can have something that shared throughout the year. Between both schools. I know for a fact that if we do have a place where Southside can play football not only will it impact Young'sville, but it will impact the communities in Young'sville, the housing in Young'sville, but also impact the businesses in this area. When we have football on Friday nights where thousands of people come in businesses will thrive because they're going to be getting support from those people as they leave the games and go to fast food restaurants or wherever it is that they go. So there's a lot of implications that can be made for the priority of putting a football stadium there. I'd also just like to say one of my biggest things is I want to support teachers. I want to support families. There needs to be accountability among all personnel of our school system because accountability leads to character and integrity and those are very important to me. You've got to do what you say you're going to do follow through with it so that the people that are there know what you stand for. We need unity among all of our board members so that we can agree on what's best for not only Young'sville, Milton, Bruisart, but the parish, but we also need support from the community. I mean everything that we do in our schools need the community to be able to be a part of it because if the community is behind it, it's going to be stronger. And I know with that when we get to where our community is able to be a part of our education system and we can strengthen the families within that when our families win, our communities win, and our communities win by the great education that we can provide for them and that's what I want to be able to help do. Thank you for letting me share. Absolutely best of luck to you. Thank you so much. And best of luck to all the candidates. I just want to give a special recognition to our sheriff Mark Arbor. He was elected again with no opposition. And in the qualifying as well as our new senator, a leg Jean Paul Cruzone. So proud of both of them and looking forward to serving. And of course our own council member looking forward to having support on the campaign trail. So all right, moving along a gin item 4.1 approval of July 13, 2023 meeting minutes. All right, I have a motion by Mr. Romero, second by Mr. Stansberry. Are there any comments related to the approval of the minutes? All right, hearing none. Let's see. I think we're doing. Let me. Thank you. You doing it. Any comments council members? No comment. All right. I had to clear the key first. I think. All right. We had a motion a second and please vote. All in favor. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Ms. Gidry. You're moving ahead to finance reports. A gin item 5.1 approval of the June 2023 finance reports. All right. Motion by Mr. Stansberry. And a second by council member Romero. Any comments? Mr. Romero. Mr. Stansberry. All right. Hearing none. Any public comment? Yes, sir. Please come forward. I'll be right back. Are you guys and ladies doing tonight? Thanks for letting me speak. Tonight we are talking about the approval of June financial reports. Can you guys give me a little background of what y'all done to prove that that financial report is right? What's the steps that we've taken inside the board? Who is looked at it? Which one of y'all going over the notes? Which one is checked anything? Anybody? I think you have a few. Is that all? Okay. I think that's all right. Personally, after eight and a half years of looking at these budgets and meeting with Ben, Burleigh or St. George R. Now or CFO, I've come accustomed and experienced with our budget process month to month. Typically what I do is I review it once our packet comes out via email and I inquire any questions to Ben. So that's the budget, right? That's what that monthly. That's my process. I don't know like anybody else. Yeah, you have something. No. No. Question I have is I'm glad you spoke up. How is it that in the past we've just had a special audit and we found misappropriate perps y'all misappropriation of funds. And you've had 84 months and you've looked at these types of things. How did that get past us? Well, the process on that which we spoke about at that meeting where we brought up was approved by the head of that department. Our accounting department costs a check because that's approved by them. It's not a split off line on them. It's bulked into the budget. So we're not going to see those specifics. So what did we say? What are we setting if you don't mind? If you don't mind. Well, I want to cut you know, I was only have a few minutes. You know, I want to comment. So I'm trying to give you what I'm getting at is at the end of the day. We've just had a situation where everything's been approved. And we have no accountability and by my math. By my math, we're probably about 34, $38,000 in the whole. And that's basically to $10,000 that y'all that has been spent on doing the audit is something like 10 grand. I don't even know all those numbers. But at the end of the day, it's a lot of money. And as I see it, you guys are the peers are the people that are supposed to control our money. That's the way that I look at it all the way across the board and y'all failed. That's. Huh? You should have ran for the seat. You just missed qualifying. Is that what it's all about? It's about it's about running for the seat. It's about that. Well, you are elected. We asked you to do it. So do your job. It's just about we didn't start it. I'd first of all, I didn't ask you a question. All right. This isn't a rant where you get to come up here and just to berate everyone. And you're up. What? How am I? How am I doing that? You guys are the one that basically lost $38,000 of our money. We found where 28,000. You didn't find anything. You can twist it the way that you want. Okay. This is not where you. This is not the platform to come up here and shout out. If you have any questions to the budget, Mr. Seville. Yeah, well, the budget. This is the budget. Which is a question. Would you like to ask? You're asking about how are you fixing our problem? How are you going to fix our problem? Which problem, Mr. Seville? You're not doing your job. Which part of the way not doing? You did not catch $38,000 worth of money. So we had to 20. I'm assuming I think the numbers that are ran, we got ran $10,000 basically as a accounting firm or somebody trying to find that special stuff for on our chief of police, our ex chief of police, correct. And from there, you all found so much money, right? Am I right in there that basically was. Go ahead. That's the first time I've heard that number. I don't know where you're getting that information. Well, which you have a better reliable source than I do. And I'm a counselor number. What's the number then? Well, it was a little over 24,000 over 24,000. How much was it in turn? And no, no, 24,000 in spent money that should not have been spent or recouped. We put immediate stop to that. So in the budget that you're asking about. That is not line item. It's not there. Yeah, I know. So that that's the stop gate right there. So we put a stop to that as far as the attorney fee and everything. It was an internal auditor who we already used. Furniture. They checked it out with our CFO with our city charger went through all the items cost you might be asking. Honestly, I have not seen that bill yet. So you know in that number. So let's just take it down to the same month. I think there are 4,000. So that's basically the past 84 months. You've been in office. You've been in office. You've been in office. And you've been in office. Basically the same time Rick has, right? You were the CFO at the same time, right? Yeah, you were you were responsible for the books at that point in time, right? Part of it. I was responsible for the day-to-day operations of the city. Did you write any checks? I signed checks. You signed checks? Yes. Okay. So we have the problem. All right. You know where the problem is. All right. And we have you guys are not doing a very good job of doing it. So yeah, let me ask a question. So is it is that your impression that that these that we're as negligent as the person that took the money on authorized? Okay. Great. Great question. Very good question. My question to you is this. Were you in the same meeting that some of the other guys were and even some own at a point in time where you'll talk about where I think Rick had basically a thousand dollar allowance. I think you mentioned that thousand dollar allowance. And it covered his car and it covered his insurance. I think that's what it is. And at some point in time he had to pay like every third gas tank or something like that. You're familiar with any of that? You sure you're not? It's just a valid. That's not correct. That's not correct at all. You want to hear it at the time. No, but I did get a grab of the meeting on September the 9th, 2016. And I did listen to the audio of that meeting on September the 9th, 2016. Chief Buldro asked for a thousand dollar allowance. He was granted that. He then made the comment and I. You're familiar with the public records request send me a request for that audio tape. I'll be glad to send it to you. He indicated to this council that he would turn in every other every other. Gas receipt then attorney, then city attorney George Knox responded. No. Can't do it. You either have the one thousand dollars allocated or you turn in reimbursement. You cannot have both. At that point in time, councilman stands, Barry, addressed Chief Buldro and said. Chief, are you okay with that? And he applied in the reply in the affirmative. So there is no misunderstanding of what the chief was going to get from this point forward. And I invite you, sir, to send me another public records request as you have. And I will gladly provide that audio for you. Those are the succinct and undisputed facts. Okay, that's good. And thank you for that. But it wasn't there another meeting that you might have been in and you were in that you'll discuss some of that stuff. I didn't ask not you him. Not that I'm aware of. No, okay. I don't recall. Not that I'm aware of and I'm not a recall that does not mean as the yes or no. The answer is no. Okay. Okay. Good. Thank you. Now I know this is going to now you're going to get me here. Now we have to replace our chief. Right. The problem that we have is I hear that you guys are trying to go with an outside source possibly someone through the Sheriff's Department as an intern to be an outside source on this and come in and help us. Is that correct? Mr. Sevelle, this is not related to a financial question. I know. I know. But it's something that we probably need to talk about because in the past, we know that you guys basically come pre-plan to the meetings. Are these special hearings that you have and we're not able to do any of that. We need to stick to the agenda. So at the end of the day, I ask and I beg that you don't bring somebody in from the outside source because we, the citizens, 100% every single one of our officers. We respect each and every one of them. And if you bring somebody in from the outside, you're slapping their face. You're a hundred percent slapping their face. Okay. We trust them. We believe them. Mr. Sevelle, this is not an agenda. I am sure we would like that. I as a city. Thank you. We understand. No, I think the confusion you have, Mr. Sevelle, with the $10,000 is probably the approval of our defense attorney with the litigation into our investigation as well as the attorney fees for the chief in his office. I'd like to come out and list that. No, so that's still a litigation. I still in litigation. But where do we stand? How do we stand? That where you stand is the chief's attorney contacted me to dismiss the lawsuit. And once the, once the chief resigned yesterday, the formal pleadings for dismissal have been prepared and I'm waiting for Mr. McGeed assigned them. They will be the action will be dismissed. It'll be dismissed. But with that being said, that money was not spent. The money was not spent. Okay. But my question is, did you have the authorities and you brought it up? We don't know. That's what we're waiting for. So we're waiting for that. When are we going to get that? Well, we've spent long. Sounds like the law seats being withdrawn. No, no, no, we can't walk away from that because you'll made it. If you made a mistake, we'll learn from the defendant. We're not the prosecutor. Well, Charles, still you still need to know you are our guys and ladies. I would love to know, Mr. Sevelle. Then we should know. But we're not the one who will issue. And you just can you still at the end of the day find the answer. No, unfortunately not. That's the chief's attorney wanted the suit dismissed. I'm asking you, sir. He is a legal question. I promise you. I promise you. I can't you can't I cannot. Can you coach our league? Can you find out the answer? You're our leader. Mayor. Yes, sir. Can I find out what's her? Can you find out if we have the authority to investigate that? That was the that is the intention of the litigation of which we're the defendant in the plane of his requested that there be a withdrawal of that. I understand that. But for future reference, if this ever comes out again and comes about, can you find out where we won't have that same mistake? If there was a mistake, can you find that out where we won't go down that same matter? Mr. Sevelle, we believe that there was clear there's attorney general opinions that support it. You can go to the clerk's office and read our last filing in our brief. It clearly delineates our position. And why we feel that that's the case. We're not going to we're not going to prognosticate that we're going to have this problem again. So we don't need to know that answer. We would have loved it. The citizens need to know the answer because if you were wrong, you were wrong. And we don't need to do it as as a board anymore. Mr. Sevelle, I can't control the dismissal by the chiefs attorney. Mayor Ken Ritter. Can you please make sure that we don't do it again. And the only way to do it is to get the ruling. And granted you're the defendant. So what? So what is that if I'm a defendant? Who would you need to do to find it? You do that all the time. Talk to your friend. Which friend? Chief Pudra. That's who you're here representing. Absolutely. And I am not representing him. Well, I think that if they're ever drawing the lawsuit, talk to them about withdrawing the lawsuit. That's the easiest line of defense. I apologize. We're in a formal setting. You're mayor. My name is mayor. You're welcome to call me however. At the end of the day, you're our leader. We need to know if you guys were going down the wrong avenue. We need to know that as citizens. Well, what I what I will tell you from my observation is that you have a team of leaders here that were committed to obtain that answer. So I was unaware that this litigation is being withdrawn. So we you have a team of leaders here that wanted that answer. But can you still get it for well, I don't know our legal options at this point until that's been answered. Mr. Seville again, the chief elected to dismiss his declaratory action. There is nothing a defendant can do to proceed. He can't find out. Sure you can. I would you know, if you want the closest thing to an answer, Mr. Seville, I would call judge Earl's its chambers and he may be able to give you some insight on that. You should be able to find out we know this. Okay, you don't want this to go down the avenue again. You don't want to if it ever happens again for the city, we don't ever want it to happen like this again. Let me let me ask you a couple questions. Sure. I may. Yesterday and today I've received about six public records request. Yes. So since we're talking about financial things, each one of those just know there's a cost to. I'm happy to sit with you with whatever you want to know. I feel like I've extremely transparent with the way we operate our government. If there's something in particular, I'm happy to work with you on it. I'm happy to work with you. I understand that you know what, after our conversation yesterday, I'm assuming that you visited with him on it. But at the end of the day, I do have stuff that I am going to bring, but I'm not going to bring it at right now. Okay. I know you want to be mayor one day. I would make a suggestion to you is to run an audit from Ricky to the present. Don't even go that far back. Go back from the start of the building and run it. This is what I'm telling you to do. If you want to be mayor, this is how you knock him down. He's the best guy that we got. I'm sorry. And I love you. I'm going to give you help because I think you deserve something. But you're the best guy. Can we stay on fire and answer for it? Call the vote please. Call the vote. I would appreciate if you would help us in a sense of fight. We're about to call the vote, but let me just share with you. I'm welcome. You're welcome to come sit with me. I gave you my, I left a message. I gave it to the lady. I gave her my card and you never returned my message. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Landon. It's not land and it was the girl up front. Yeah, but those go to land. So well, it's still on down. You're still the man. I am. So there you go. Yeah. Well, I'll get you myself a number. I'm good. I'd rather not have that. I don't want to complain about anything. Okay. Well, I'm providing you access to whatever you need. So just I'm happy to help. I'm going. Thank you. Please call the vote. Where we did. Oh, we called the vote. No. All right. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. We'll go to the other business, the gen item 6.1. Council, I've put a couple of items on here. Just related to earlier today as many of you know, because a lot of Members of our audience were here. We did have. We commemorated the opening of seven hazardous mitigation grant program ponds. Those are the seven ponds, Miss Becky. When I were talking about on the way in, seven ponds throughout our city. It was a it's a great day. Not because it's a victory lap just it's a great day because it's been a considerable amount of progress. We've worked hard every day since that 2016 rainy van and since the 2015 master plan to do everything in our powers to really try to mitigate a minimize flood risk throughout our community. And we've done that through a variety of ways I shared earlier at our ribbon cutting. It was really a three-faceted approach. We're talking about here tonight is really just the acceleration of our regional detention efforts. But there was two other components. My colleagues on the council at the time we raised building restrictions at the time for new development to make sure that we were not negatively contributing to any more stormwater issues. Second thing we did was we ensured that the existing system was working as proper and no great strides have been made over the past few years and we're going to be able to do that. And that leaves us with really the regional detention component where today seven ponds were opened. All the intake structures are in place. The irony that it's in the middle of a drought today I think was the 10th day of over a hundred degree weather where no rainfall but regardless. As soon as it does begin to rain you never know in these high intense rain events come up. So we're going to be able to do that. We are in the best position that we have been before. The purpose of talking with you tonight is really just to provide an update to the community on now as we turn the page on drainage drainage is something that we're not stopping. But we feel like we have done a considerable amount of heavy lifting. And now we as a team have really made a lot of discussions about how can we best incorporate recreational elements into these into these spaces. And not just the seven H&G ponds that we talked about today but there were public private partnerships. There was properties that we purchased with cash. There was properties that were donated to us. So we just kind of wanted to go through those. And please ask any questions you want. I want public feedback on any of these items because what we're talking about now. And I'm happy to meet with anybody later about how they actually work from a drainage standpoint. But really now what we're doing is forward looking in how can we layer in recreational components into those spaces. The first one is the Fortune Hills Regional Detention site. That property is one of five H&G ponds that's along the Bayou Park Purdue drain for our city and drain 65% of our community. Today where we met at the Fortune Hills Regional Detention site. I have a picture of here for those of you that weren't here at our event. So what we're looking at here in the back is about 18.19 acres. This is the excavated area in this street area back here. But you can see the intake structure, the outfall structure. There's a lot of storage capability here on upper bayou park Purdue. 100% paid for by the feds. We were out there today. Great day. What I want to share with you today though is really what happens and where do we go from here at this point. I've had quite a few conversations with residents in Fortune Hills neighborhood. Hopefully there may be somebody here today from Fortune. Okay, perfect. Oh, great. I'm happy to see that. The main event was getting through the main event. And the main event was related to the drainage component here. As you guys know, our Parks and Recreation Director Tim is on vacation this week. I regret he couldn't be here. But we've had many a site visit. It's many of conversations about what could we possibly do at this space. For the Fortune Hills residents, I want you to know that we have not done anything here outside of the scope of the drainage component at this point. So I know there's a lot of questions about what happens now. What's happening in my backyard and all those things. First, I want to share with you that nothing would happen here if I didn't want to see it in my own backyard or in any of my family or my colleagues' backyards here. You know, at high level talking about this stuff when we're really focused on the drainage, I thought it would make a great satellite green space for our community. Our parks and recreation department, you know the success of the 78-year sports complex. You know all the success. Hopefully you've been through Foster Park recently to know what's happening there. We're going to talk about a dog park, a veterans park, other pocket satellite parks. What we envision here as possibilities, and of course I want the co-op, I want the residents to feel good about it. But what we envision here is really this is a 10 foot wide access road that was paid for by FEMA. Well, I think that we, it could have a great dual purpose if we make that a walking recreational trail around this detention area. What you see here is this is a stub out street from Fortune Hills neighborhood. This is Bayou Lake Road. So in turn Bayou Lake Road, this is an area that can be designated for parking. This particular access road or walking track, if you will, is two tenths of a mile. And here as you cross over, this is another 0.5 acres, I'm sorry 0.5 miles of asphalt that you could have a similar walking track on. The beauty of this property, and item switching back and forth with drainage, the beauty of badadans, this is Bayou Park Purdue, and this is a lateral that goes to the Anselm Kool-Aid that cuts through Fortune Hills neighborhood, that the residents, they are nowhere I'm talking about. I wish I could tell you that there was plenty of people in our community that are focused on health and fitness and these type of things. But you know, those of you that know me well know that that's my business, and it's not a very good business. Because I own a couple of, I own three gems and people just aren't excited about, you know, walking and exercising and things like that. So I want to assure the residents there that the only thing we've really talked about doing is having a passive green space where there could be walking elements along this walking track. And talking to our Parks and Recreation head and his team, what they've envisioned is, now this is still going to be seated and you know, it's going to be, it's going to be beautiful. I have with the help of Terry made contact with energy to put air radars in this pond, some of the how you would have it in your neighborhood pond. And what we've talked about doing is putting maybe a bench, you know, a couple of benches around there mile marker signs, someone you see at the sports complex around the recreational trail, the sports complex quarter mile, half mile, you know, 10th of a mile, basically just something like that around there. Dog bags, dog waste bags. High level, what we've talked about internally just as a Parks and Recreation team is that if this was an art backyard, we would want this to be restricted to solely daytime use, you know, and it doesn't have to be like a dust to dawn, it could be from, you know, I don't know, it's, it's, we're, I want your feedback to know, I mean, it could be, you know, 10 to 6, it could be anything that we really want it to be. This particular area here, I don't have any plans for it, I don't have any ideas for it, I made the, I made a comment to someone in the neighborhood to say, you know, perhaps in the future, in the future, perhaps this could be area where we could have playground equipment or other amenities that we don't have to, we could, we don't have to, you know, but minimum what I was thinking was just a couple air radars in there mile marker sign dog bags from the stub out street here. We were thinking about doing just a park gate, basically to where our head of our Parks and Recreation police is here, Mr. Nicolacile, our assistant chief of police, you know, he and I have talked about probably an access gate here that would be, you know, open and close, whatever those set park hours are. And, you know, those you know, if you go to the sports complex around Foster Park, our police department has a division for Parks and Recreation. This tree line here, we haven't touched, there's opportunity there, if you want, we can leave it thick, we can also go by and clean some of the underbrush a little bit and clean it up. I know I've had some conversations with this resident here to protect our privacy somewhat, but I also think that there's some, you know, underbrush that could maybe be cleaned up a little bit there. This is going to be all seated and it's going to be cut and it's going to be maintained immaculately from the Parks and Recreation department. And alternative, as I saw it, frankly, Parks and Recreation, you know, thanks to our voters, we have a one cent dedicated sales tax to fund Parks and Recreation. The alternative is this is going to be an asset that our public works department will be maintaining. And if it's simply a drainage project, if it's simply a drainage pond, there's no reason to have it manicured, there's no reason to have an aerator. So, I hope this wouldn't come to be the option, but we could close it off at the Stubbad Street and run a fence all along it. And frankly, I think it would just be a wasted space of dual purpose, wasted space that could present dual purpose. And talking to some of the neighbors in the neighborhood, I understand the concern is, you know, security, having kids hang out and play back there, up to no good, increased traffic in the neighborhood. I think those are valid concerns. I do agree those are valid concerns. I do think though that those are things that we can monitor, that we can manage, and that we can get through. You guys have a beautiful neighborhood in Fortune Hills, and I certainly don't want to think that would be disruptive or destructive to it. I take a lot of pride in it. We re-developed, rebuilt the front entrance, so that way it wouldn't, you know, hold water and things like that. And we want to continue making investments. I just see this as being a great opportunity to really continue, expand parks and reg by having a satellite park on the north end of our city. Because I know, you know, in talking to Pam, you know, our engineer, she lives off of Fortune Roads. She said, you know, she and a girlfriend, you know, may like to go and walk around there. I've been trying to get out there a few evenings just to see kind of what's happening. I went out last night and walked around it. Today we cut a ribbon on a drainage project. We did not open a park. I do think though that if you'll allow us to, we would like to put together a plan of how this space could be utilized as part of the parks and recreation department with clear delineated rules. And, you know, proper signage and security. I was asked if we would have a sign in front of the neighborhood. No, absolutely not. You know, I don't think there's any reason for that. I see that this may just be a place that, you know, somebody may choose to go from your neighborhood to walk their dog or somebody from Atlas Road across the street. So, anyway, with that, with that being said, I mean, I open it first to probably the council if they have any questions or concerns, you know, here. And I invite the public to give us your concerns. And again, we don't have to do anything with it now. But again, I think, and I'm sorry that our parks and recreation director is not here because I would rather you hear it. You know, from somebody not just me, I think Tim really understands the vision that we have. He did give us a letter to the council that I just want to maybe read one part of it. He said fortune is already a beautiful property that would that will only improve as our maintenance plan gets underway. The ponds and fitness trail that are in place offer a great place for exercise, fishing, dog walking or just relaxing. So, we're going to do some additional additions include dog backstations trash cans, benches, engage it, entrances are possible. Our park police department led by assistant chief Lachelay will play a vital role in support of these new parks. Officers Alexander and Vincent have also been added to the department in preparation. So, the sports complex in all city parks daily and will also be responsible for opening and closing each morning and afternoon in accordance with park hours. Park visitors and neighboring homeowners would take comfort should take comfort in knowing the dedication and availability of assistant chief Lachelay's park police. So, as with most things, I think and it's rightly so. I mean, what you don't know, I think can lead to a little bit of uncertainty and intimidation. So, I appreciate any residents from fortune hills that are here and anyone that wants to comment, I would welcome you to come up. Ms. Monique, feel free. Ms. Monique, we've been in this conversation since 2016 and I'm telling you, I've worked a lot at the state level and the federal level with mitigation. This is a best practice project. If you all take this all the way to a park, it will be held up across the state. The state was flooded with $1.2 billion for mitigation and the projects don't look like this. It excites me to be in Lafayette parish and have something like that because I promise you it will be held up as a best practice. Just say that. Thank you. I appreciate that. Is there any other comments or feedback? Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I don't know if we've met. So, if you were my last time to share with us. Will Daniels, I live in fortune hills. How do you do in the old home there? So, my issue is just to access through the neighborhood. Why can't we access it from fortune road? That's a great question. Today, the landowner that we acquired, the property was there. One of the conditions of the sale was that we would just acquire a 50-foot access to fortune road for five years or until the completion of construction. I did ask him today how he felt about doing something they're permanent. He's not in favor of selling that real estate there. But I did put some thought into it because I did hear that comment from the neighborhood. But there's a pretty, I mean, just for the public benefit. This entire track of believes about 32 acres. The city acquired from here back, which is 18.19. So, even if he does want to sell the property, which, hey, with anything's possible, that would still require us constructing a road to the front. So, that's nothing that we would have in the budget today. But it is probably, it is very possibly a long-term goal there. And my assumption was it was an access road because you wouldn't want the traffic through your neighborhood. Yeah, I got kids, I got pets, I don't want to invite driving down the street, going fast. I mean, we already have issues with people speeding down with construction in the back of the neighborhood. You're very pissed if something happened to a kid or something like that. That's my biggest worry is my daughter and my son. Let me make one other comment that I didn't make. I pointed out the stub out street on Buy-U Lake Road. There's a second stub out street for anyone from Fortune Hills that maybe watching us from home. While we did make the connection on the second stub out street, that, I don't see any scenario where we would allow any vehicular traffic through that entrance. My thought there would be to have that permanently restricted with a gate. And I see that we could do two options there. One either have it restricted with a permanent gate that, you know, perhaps park police or parks and right could open if needed, similar to what we have at Third Street in Foster Park. But also beyond that, I mean, we could just have it gated off and have a small pedestrian gate to where the residents that are in the back of Fortune Hills would have a pedestrian access into this green space without having to come all the way around to the front. Yeah, I just really would like to rail directly from Fortune instead of through the neighborhood. You said you had two kids just curious boy girl. Boy and girl. How old? Three and five months. Okay, I have boy girl nine and five. I live in a neighborhood where there's one entrance and one entrance out. I get it. I don't want people driving down my street fast either. But ultimately, I think what the mayor said here is a prime example that, you know, I went out there for the first time today. I didn't realize how quiet it was. I like that. It's quiet. I don't, I don't envision approving anything that would change that. And also at the same time, I'm going to ask you what I asked myself leaving. There's how many people do you see walking around the young sports complex when you drive by. You see where I'm going with this. Okay. I just want, you know, like I get it. And honestly, we're here to protect you. You're a citizen here. But I don't think we need to worry about a problem until it becomes a problem. And right now, I don't, I see where you think it could be a potential problem. Totally get it. You want to protect your kids. I want to protect mine. So how do you think it comes, it comes a problem with the solution? That's a close the dang part. I mean, because if it's not that value boomer is just a walking track, we close it till we figured out. You know, so I'm, I'm with you. I think everyone here would say that safety comes first. So, but also another thing I don't think you realize is with this part comes extra policing for you. You have the parks police there. So there's probably going to be less speeders because you have more police presence because of that. So you got away at all from where we're sitting, you know. Hopefully word doesn't get out how really nice it is back there. Yeah. You know, but, but ultimately I rest assured someone on here up here has thought about every question you have. I promise that there's a. I think it was two nights ago I was out there and I mean the here in the birds. It's beautiful, you know, the and the inspector said you already have a lot of fish in there too. So I think to to Councilman Linus point, I think that we would probably have to. If this is the route that the council allows me to go with it, we would take it slow and a slow launch. But I think to your point, anything that we're doing there can certainly be undone and fairness I did because of the lead time with the energy. I did ask for two meters just so that we can have I mean air radars. I don't think that's a bad, you know, who don't love the sound of water. You know, so I think that's good. Even if it becomes behind barbed wire and the earth takes back over, you know, in a year from now, but valid points. Thank you, sir. Is there anyone else that was just to address the service of Spadoni? How's it going? So I'm a resident of Fortune Hills Logan. You hit every point I was going to bring up. So thank you. I've had lots of conversations with residents who have been concerned about the things that were brought up. I reassured them that, you know, no one's really going to be coming to this park. That's basically we're getting a free playground for our kids, our family to enjoy. There are lots of other parks, such as Logan said, you know, the sports complex you walk around once. There's not very many people driving there to walk. I don't think it's going to be a big issue with traffic or people driving through, driving by to come by and visit. We do have Nick and the park police. That's going to be, you know, they were there yesterday, you know, patrolling as well, right into them. So it's added bonus a couple of residents who do live at the entrance of the park. They were really concerned about people parking. I said, they're not going to be parking there. They're going to have a parking lot. I did tell everyone I said, if I lived right next to it, I would be happy with it. I would be okay with it because I know it's not going to be an issue. So I would just let everybody have, you know, a couple of months to digest it after it's open. I really do think it's going to be a great thing. Thank you, Kenny and Council for this project, Pam, phenomenal flood mitigation number one props to all of y'all. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you so much. Councilor Ramirez. I want to compliment our mayor, our parks and director director who's not here at Robyshow and assistant chief, actually, for two or three years as projects, kind of been in the works with Pam and y'all. I think the mayor is sick and tired of talking to me on it. I know our director of parks and recreation probably is. I've had some conversations with Nick. The residents that are listening to tonight and who have reached out to us, rest assured, he is going to slow roll anything out there. Most of our parks have all the amenities, have a playground out there, have some kind of exercise equipment or talk about Frisbee golf, other things, all those things are being put on hold on this park because at the end of the day, it's not only a flood project. And if there's needed more down the road, sure, it can be done. That's why gates will be on it. You'll have park police who are very highly skilled to open and close it when need be. And if anything needs to be changed, I guarantee you this council is going to know very quickly. And I'm sure the mayor is going to let us know. So I hope any of the residents that reach out to us are listening in or that are still here. And I know that it's not going to be anything taken lightly. They're going to get job with this. Thank you, miss champagne. Yes, thank you, mayor. I know we talked a little bit about construction. Fortunately, this is not complete yet. Can you speak a little bit because we've had questions about the punch list. Yes. You know, maybe debris the road being too high is holding water in some places. So can you just address the punch list please? Oh, coming with what I thank you, ma'am. I'll come in with what I know and then you know if I miss anything I'll ask Pam. So right now the drainage components are fully functioning. We still need to do some hydro seeding to ensure I mean the banks are beautiful there. I mean, they have a beautiful shelf. I mean, they are really just done top notch, but there's a lot of areas. These pictures for give me there about a week old, but there's areas along here that still need to be seeded, you know, and so forth. I think I think miss champagne which you're referring to is largely the 50 foot access road. You know, that access road was really we were able to negotiate that with the landowner who I'm proud to say was there today. Because this was a property that was well, all of our properties were amicably acquired. I was proud to sell it, but it was amically acquired. I was proud to see the landowner that we purchased the property was there today. And he asked to take a picture with me that that was pretty cool. You know, just as we said, you kept your promise. And at any rate, the 50 foot construction access road to which comes out on side of Yoke, which goes to this property. That road has to be put back. I think it was top soil pam and I looked at there's a there was a some top soil that was scraped that was mounted up that grass has grown on it. We need to level that off and basically clean that up. We have an obligation to that property owner on the north property to restore his property back to the condition that he had it. And we also agreed with him to put a fence from just north of that first up out street to his property. So that has to be done as well. I don't know Pam, I mean from the contractor standpoint, I mean, is there anything else that I'm that off the top of mind for that particular. I mean, they have to demobilize their equipment and things, but sure. So he still have a month and a half left in their contract for them to go back and do the punch list items that you're talking about. But yes, we do have to restore the property and do a bunch of what we would call cleanup. And we're going to do a walk through with them. Our goal was to. We were hoping that that would all that have been done by today and it just didn't happen, you know, because we got all the other projects. We're trying to move dirt as quickly as possible with the with the weather, the great weather. But yes, we're going to take care of all of that. And on their punch list, I'm not quite sure about a road that was too high. She said there's one house and I can work with you to provide the address. The resident indicated that she felt she was holding some more water. So I don't know, perhaps in the creation of the road, there might have been a little filled that was, you know, placed closer to the fence line. I was kind of surprised to hear that because the property is much lower. Yes, in the neighboring property. We can go out there and see the properties. And what we can do if you'd like, I mean, we can identify the house and we you and I can go for a ride. Absolutely. And we'd like to have that information so we can add it to the punch list when we do the final walk through with the contractor. So all right. Are there any other questions or comments related to fortune hills or the proposed project at that space? Yes, sir. If you don't mind, just so you know, I can hear you, but your neighbors at home may not be able to. Since this is happening, will it, every zone are flooding area like we're neighbor will be resumed flooding. Isn't that probably him doing address them about flooding? Would it would this, let me try to answer it and then maybe, you know, part of, part of these projects is that we have to do, we have to do re-loamer. Yes. You want to watch you? Yeah. Let me, let me stay in my lane. More acronyms. Okay. So after the projects are all done. So after the detention ponds are done, we have, once we finished the project, we have six months in which we have to file a letter of map revision with FEMA. And so what that will do is we're bringing down the BFE. And so the new elevation that's going to be established with all of our ponds cumulative is going to be what we submit to them. That will mean that some of the base flood elevations in that area will be reduced. If that's, so I do know that that particular area at one time there, the, the fortune hill subdivision at one time when it was built. It would, the property was originally zone A and they did do a letter of map revision with fill in order to bring it into X. We did have a recent low mar with regards to Laurel Grove that FEMA did have that superseded and I think maybe some lots may have been affected by it. But if that's the case, if you have been affected by a zone A because of a recent, you can contact us because you can do what's called an e-loma to get out. So I think maybe some of those folks maybe concerned about that, but you can e-loma out because you are higher than what the base flood elevation went up a 10th with the new maps in 2018. And I think it might have gone up another 10th, but all of these homes were built a foot above the last BFE. So it's a matter of doing an elevation certificate and an e-loma out. However, you can do that, not what actually happened quicker than the low mar, but we do have to do the letter of map revision. So six months from the time the contractor completes and we do the closeout, which would be, I would say roughly about eight months from now. All right, thank you, Pam. All right, if there's no other questions about that and we can go back on that. Let me just touch on a couple of the other ones quickly for the other six HMGP projects. Honestly, don't have an update on those with regard to a recreational element. And the reason simply is we have limited funds for recreation right now. And we're also doing an amphitheater with sports complex expansion and we are tackling a lot with parks and rec. So on the other six ponds, there's nothing immediately that we have in the works for. I do think that there'll be opportunity, particularly one day in the future. If you're on Shimmie Metry and you're looking south from near the soccer fields around Dayton, you'll see there's a beautiful pond south right there along a long Dayton. You can see it from Shimmie Metry near this Dayton roundabout. Plenty of opportunity there. One day to hopefully do the same thing as that parcel develops. The big property on LaSalle, behind Southside High School. We have beautiful road frontage there. We anticipate that we'll be doing anything there until the roads reconstructed. Now that 23 acre dual pond on the LaSalle Cooley has been constructed. Now we're at I think 90 plus percent plans on reconstructed La Rivier road from Shimmie Metry all the way to 90 to the flashing red light at 92. The road is going to be raised wide and sidewalked, ditches closed. When that happens, I think we'll have a great opportunity to do something at that parcel of property because it has beautiful road frontage and it's got two beautiful ponds there. But there's nothing imminent today for that. But what I do want to talk about and give an update, I'm going to ask. We're going to put in Terry. If you can put your, maybe request to speak. I'll get your microphone in on these. What we're going to be having in this summer coming into line is the dog park and then separately also the veterans park. So Terry, maybe you want to give us an update on those two projects. Sure. On the dog park, all the drainage components and irrigation and completed pet waste stations that have been installed. All the inside of the fence landscaping has been done. We're waiting for the sign to be put up to where we can put landscaping around the sign in the front. The side between the sidewalk and the flower beds. We're going to do that towards the end of the job due to the weather and that type stuff, the heat. Benches, trash cans, water fountains will be installed after the pergola is installed. We're waiting on components. What a pergola to be installed. The fountains and the rest of the electrical is waiting to be installed as that process happens. And in final dress up, we'll include dressing up and hard to see at the end of the job. Perfect. So it's really looking nice out there. Unfortunately, everything's dead due to the weather, the United States forest for grass. So it'll be even prettier. But just another part of a drainage system that because the drainage was completed first. So it's it's after this new project. It's a new project. So basically to include veterans, Memorial Park. Right now flag pose all up. We're waiting for the pavilion to be completed. Then we'll start installation of the pavers which shouldn't take but more than three to five days. Once all the concrete is completed, all the trash cans are being installed. The security posts for the swing gates. If you right out there, there's some swing gates in the parking area, which really came out really good. That's going to be to where when nicking them go out to secure it's already latched. It's a pretty nice system. Once all that's completed, they're waiting to once the sign, if you notice the big sign on the right hand side, the bricks and all that. Once all that is completed, then they'll start doing the wooden bar years, the irrigation hydrants, landscaping, low, low light lighting out there. So it's really it's really coming full for full for you know, tradition to what we planned the parking area. So we're there looking at for this one, basically before the end of September to be completed, you know, similar to the dog. So we just wait not some components. But both projects by the end of the year, everybody at the end of the summer is kind of what I'm describing. I need to get something out on social media about it, but the Akkadian of veterans alliance. I forget the name of the running club, Southside running club. I believe in the city of young zooler doing a joint venture, our joint celebration. I guess it's going to be a 10k rock and it's going to be on Veterans Day in November. It's going to start and end at our new Veterans Park. So it couldn't be more proud of that project. It was it's a great spot that it's a great spot that you know, it's the same story. Drainage mitigation completed and now we're layering in a recreational component there. So just wanted to give an update on those on those projects. And then finally, oh, Mr. Stansberry. Oh, now it's on. Watch out. What times are those parks are going to be open? Have we decided that yet? We haven't really discussed that after. Times I did briefly kind of talk to Nick. It's going to you know, either dust or dawn or whatever times that are appropriate for those areas. Those areas are a little bit different. They're not as populated with subdivisions except for dog park. Yes. So we try and we try to come up with a good feel of what's going on. Parks and Rec has already established. I've approved with Terry a litany of signage there. The branding and the rules and all of that. We're ready to go. I mean, it's going to be if you've seen, I love Moncus Park. I love Moncus Park. But if you've seen Moncus Park, the dog park. If you like that one, you're going to love this one. I mean, this is a big step ahead. The technology that the parks and rec department has, it's going to be online registration. And they're going to respond to you with a unique code. And that code will provide you access into the facility. And it's really first. So the name is Young's Will Bark Park. And anyway, the typical rules and regulations signage that you see at the sports complex and at foster park. And all that branding is already in place. Angie's been working with Tim and have all that ready to go. So the dog park is really, really close. The hours I don't recall, but I believe, I mean, they're not, they weren't anything more than daylight hours. There was nothing more than daylight hours. Veterans Park is really going to give you a great purifull view of gateway into the city when you see all the flag poles and the fountains, you know, lit up. So you'll see it at night. You just want to have access to it at night. So. All right. Any other questions? Mr. Stanzberg. And then the final one. I just put an update here. Uh, our, our friends in Sugar Ridge and update on the Lily pond. Lily pond is an extra storage. Stormwater storage area that we are nearing the conclusion of between Shemet Park and Sugar Ridge phase two and four. Uh, the excavation is really complete. We've been going back and forth with the pipeline company to get the, to get the outfall for the drainage structure. The pipe has to cross a pipeline. So, um, the end is very near on that project. Right. Let's hope. All right. Are there any other questions about the drainage projects or what we intend to do or what we're considering doing with regards to parks and recreation? All right. Well, then I'll move ahead. Resolutions. Resolution number 202321. A resolution of the mayor and city council. The city of Youngville authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to Louisiana facility planning and control F. P and C project number 50 M. W. Two to three zero to waste water system improvements planning and construction and improving 25% match 25% in matching funds. So, uh, the city of Youngville is required by the state. There's a motion by Mitch jump on a second by Mr. Volgiano. Any comments or questions, Mitch jump on? No, sorry. Move. All right. Mr. Volgiano. No, sorry. Any other comments or questions from the council? Any public comment? All right. We have several resolutions here. They're standard procedures that we, we have to commit to having the, have the funds for 25% match for anytime there's a state capital outlay project. Mr. Gujury, please advance to the vote. Paul and favor motion. All right. Thank you, council. Seven point two resolution 202322. A resolution of the mayor and city council. The city of Youngville authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to Louisiana facility planning and control project number 50 M. W. Two to three zero one. New fire station planning and construction and improving the 25% and matching funds as required by the state. It's a motion by Mr. Linu. Any comments, Mr. Linu? No, sorry. All right. Thank you. Mr. Stansberry. Yes, sir. All right. Thank you. Any other council comments or questions? Already any public comment? What we're, what we're looking at is y'all may have followed us on social media. We did get a piece of property at the corner of VLA road and shimmy metery on the corner of the roundabout. That's one potential site for this fire station. And we're also working with the developer at Longlin A and Giat road. There's going to be a donation or property there upon plating of that property. So that's probably the most likely site that we're on for that property for the future fire station. Mr. Volgiano. So for the residents that may have any questions, station two obviously is on bone am road. That station was built. It was our most recent new station that we've decided to acquire and build. It was built in that area due to the PIL rating. It was a little bit lagged in time as to where we are today. We were ideally we would have had that station built earlier in time just because of the expansion and growth, but obviously how far we're expanding and rapidly on the south end of young's bill. The station is to in hopes of increase and speed up your response times in your time of need. So it's going to be a great addition in the years to come as we begin the planning process. Thank you, sir. Are there any other comments or questions? If not here in Namaskee, please advance the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. 7.3 resolution 2023 23. A resolution of the mayor and city council of the city of Young'sville authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to Louisiana facility planning and control project 50 MW2 23. 3. 3. 3. Highway 92 in Prescott Boulevard. The roundabout design planning and construction and approving 25% and matching funds is required by the state's emotion by Mr. Volgiano. The comments Mr. Volgiano. All right. Mr. Romero seconds. All right. No comments from Mr. Romero. Any council comments? Any public comment or discussion? This one is really exciting. I think it's a roundabout at Prescott Boulevard and Bonan Road that awkward churn outside of Sugarmopan with the domed rounded building. The city took acquisition of that property earlier this year and Terry and his team have started kind of clearing it a little bit and took the fence down and prove visibility. So we're working on the design beginning the steps of working on this design here. So all right. If there's no public comment, Mr. Gidry please do the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council of 7.4. Resolution 2023 24 resolution authorizing the mayor to execute an amendment to a contract with the Katie and a bottling company to continue as the exclusive non-octaholic beverage partner of the Young'sville sports complex. We're going ahead for sponsorship opportunities for our newest phase. Wade you've been really helpful with this along with Nicole. So I mean you remember some of the details that you can maybe tell us about. Gentlemen in Mr. Romero we have you had in place an agreement for an exclusivity contract. The city of the city of the city decided they wanted to expand that. And that will the highlight of the contract to make it as pretty as possible is they are going to provide two scoreboards and continue on their capital plan as far as contributions to the Young'sville sports complex. So we have a contract in your package. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Council any comments or questions. Let's see. Mr. Bulljohn did you have a question? No, sorry. No, I'm not. All right. Any public comment or question? I have no public comment or questions. Get your please call for the vote. All right. Thank you, Council. All right. We'll move to announcements. How about. Stewart. I don't see a wife here, but we'll still get you out. So you want to come on up or DAX. Whoever's talking about the. We kept we kept Stewart with JB Moot on long a couple of night a couple of meetings ago and it was his. His wife was with and there's just be going to dinner. I said, y'all should have told me that one lost a couple hours. I think she enjoyed it. Thank you for having us update on the Young'sville sports complex. We are making some great progress on site bringing in some more dirt, putting in some storm drainage. And budget wise, we wrapped up the budget a week or so ago and we're lining it with the city's funds. And we hope to be done with that next week or so. Everything's still on track. And I think everything's pointed in the right direction. Any questions? I need to look at the time for that meeting tomorrow. Just I think because I know you have a I think we both. So maybe just right after we can kind of regroup in. If we need to do it another time. I'm going to have all day. Perfect. I think no. I mean, other than all design components are finished. So we're completely in the construction mode. Just a reminder to the console that this particular project delivery method is the contract manager construction manager at risk of project delivery process. So one of the key points right now is we're trying to align the the guarantee maximum price to lock that in. We built several we're we're continuously are working towards drainage right now. And getting dirt in the proper place. So we got water sewer drainage going on right now. As far as from the office side, we have a ton of submittals that are coming in. Where all the way from the submittals for the backstop netting to submittals for different all different kind of function. So we're proving things where we're working through things that are not meeting our plans and all those little administrative things. So it's a lot of components on a sports complex like this. So there's a lot of different elements that need to be reviewed and making sure they're aligned with the plan. So it's been a good work in relationship. In this process because it is a little different than I've ever been accustomed to and doing typical design bid bill jobs. So great so far. And you know, I guess this is a great time to not be getting a lot of rain selfishly because it's allowing us to get dirt and dig. You know, put our pipe in, put our drain and gin. But there'll be a point where we need some rain when it's time to start planting grass Terry. And then when that point comes, it will be done with, will be finishing the sports complex. So, anyway, that's it. That's an update. Any questions? Get with me. Yeah. First off, I want to tell you about thank you. I know we don't really see you guys more than other meetings. You know, both behind the scenes, grinding an out day and a day out on this project. Some of the residents of, I've just spoken with just one of the next big steps that we're going to see visually when passing by. I guess that's there, you know, envisioning is this whole process begins to grow. Yeah, right right now it's, it's hard to see what's going on. You see a lot of dirt out there, but you know, installing pipe is going to, it takes a while. Just one thing to mention too, we're still aiming for, you know, late spring, early summer. It's a schedule for next year. You're going to see water and sewer going in, but nobody's really going to see it unless you go walk around. And then once that's done, that's when you're going to start seeing the roughening and the plumbing roughening phase for the concession structure. You'll start seeing some of your tall features like your, your light pole features, though there is, there will be a sequence of things. That, especially a lot of lessons we learn on the original sports complex. So you want to go with your high features first. That's when you're going to start people will start seeing nothing really different than what the existing facility is. When we build an existing facility, that was that, that was pretty interesting because that's, that's when we started seeing, you know, tall of features and all that. So everybody's seen the amphitheat and we've talked about it. There is more dirt to go in an amphitheat, by the way, not in height, but in. I saw somebody put a picture on social media set called it angel wings or whatever, but. There's more dirt to close it in. So they'll be dirt that's going to be placed on the backside of the stage to close it in. Not completely because we will, we are the stages designed to be able to bring in a truck to be able to offload like band equipment, etc. But we will close it off as much as we can to minimize the sound. The sound where we want to try to make it go forward that there is some more dirt to be put in the front of the amphitheat to close it off towards the concession building structure. So you got to see it in the master plan to get a respect for how it's going to look. But what you see out there is a rough in amphitheat. It's, you know, so anyway, also, thanks for sharing that. Thank you. And the amphitheat, keep in mind too, like one of the things, if you've seen that aerial shot, I mean, we're still. Come in like with the steps to, I mean, eventually, right, it's settling, but they're still going to be, you know, the steps, the rain, you know, I mean, there's still a lot more. There's still a lot more. Another point of note from a design standpoint, it was always a component to let that dirt sit for about five months. So we're in that settling period because we predict as much as, as much as 12 inches up, eight to 12 inches of settlement. So, you know, that's another thing too. We're purposely staying off of it to let it do its thing. That's a lot of dirt and a lot of weight. So we want to make sure that settles before we start building these concrete seat walls because if we build it too soon, it's all going to cry. So there is an art to that process. So, but you'll see it. I would say the bulk, when we're really going to get hot and heavy, it's going to be the fall, probably about another two, three months. There's a lot of product being purchased back order right now, electrical gears on back order for months. So there's things as being done to anticipate these issues. So, in the facts mentioned, there's probably as much underground or on the ground as more than above ground. So that's all the stuff that will happen between now pretty much Christmas and then everything should start to go far. Just to manage expectations too, I want to, you know, when we put out this massive plan, that's what it is. It's a massive plan. Massive plan is not really meant to say we're going to build everything now. It's a function of funding. So I just want to, I want to just lightly go over, you know, we're going to have the sidewalk, which these are wide sidewalks, 12 foot wide coming from the top road. There will be some flashing flashing pedestrian crossing from the existing sports complex for kids and people to walk across the street. We will be constructing the pickleball court. It is eight, eight, eight, eight courts with a shade structure. Again, I just want to reiterate what we're doing and what we're not. We're only able to build right now two of the four baseball fields due to funding. The, again, it's planned out where the two fields that we're not building now are designed with the infrastructure in place. And we are going to grade that out real nice with grass and those will become are utilized as practice areas. And also for flag football areas that can be striped accordingly, but we will be building the two baseball fields in their complete full build out. We will be building obviously the amphitheater. And of course, we will be building a portion of the parking lot due to funds. And so that is going to be built on in phases for as we go out and with hopefully in the future. I just want to manage expectations, you know, for the public that's listening what we are building right now. The master plan is just that it's a plan. You know, if you look at the original sports complex there, we had it in the master plan for a sand volleyball or something. We had it in the master plan, but we only built a piece of it. So it comes in phases as a function of money. So I just want to reiterate and manage expectations. Any other questions about the sports complex expansion? All right. Thank you guys for the talk to you tomorrow. I appreciate it. Let's see. Sarah. Sarah, do you have any update? So the rate study that we've been waiting for all the projects underway. And just to give you all kind of like an idea of how long it would take for some other projects. It's taken three months to get everything complete. And then some of them that takes a month. So it really depends on the firm and the meat is palli and everything. So the wastewater treatment plant. Oh, I'm sorry. Water. Wait. The wastewater treatment plant is impermitting and awaiting the rate study. The pump station for is impermitting and awaiting the right study. The water plant has been permitted and we're still awaiting the right study. Elevated tank is permitted awaiting the right study. And the water line interconnections. We're addressing permitting comments and awaiting the rate study. All right. Thank you, Sarah. Appreciate the update. All right. So for La Riviera Road, we received comments from DOTD and we're finishing up addressing those comments to be able to resubmit to them in the next two weeks. We've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work an hour and a half was done. We've been working on the Jaden to Abel and the drainage for the roadway. I'm sure you've seen the stakes. That's where we went out there with them last week. Work back and forth and we're submitting, we met with Clint as well to kind of show him the modeling and what we were doing. So we're trying to wrap that up. We can't, on Fortune, we had gotten a price from the contractors, we were called last month and so we are waiting on the bond commission for the GMP. The sports complex, you're spending your cash, your money from bonds. You're this one, it's facility planning control. So you have an extra layer besides just C-MAR is that they, until all your money is realized in the capital outlay through the bond commission, you can't do your GMP. So we do have a price from the contract, we are underneath, we are below the amount of money that you're gonna have with what you had in priority one last time and priority five that was moved to priority one. So all we're able to do until the bond commission is we're working on the amount of work that the contractor can do on early work that doesn't exceed your match. And so that's what we're working at is trying to figure out where does that stop? We worked to eliminate some of the gas line crossings because that was a critical path and we're down to only one gas line crossing with the roundabout. So we are moving forward with everything else while we're waiting on that. Highway 89, we could do a GMP, but it would be based upon the amount of money you have, you're not gonna get as far as you want. So again, we're cutting off that early work, trying to see what we can with regards to the pipes. That's why the pipes is so critical path on what we're gonna do with combining. So just a little bit different, still C-MAR, but you are at, you do have to follow the facility planning controls process. With regards to the detention ponds, we have very little dirt left right now. We're moving some for the sports complex annex. There's just a little bit more dirt left on the Kool-Elecine project. And we are going to start moving that dirt in the probably in the next couple of days, if not next week, taking advantage of the weather to your Valesco crossing. So I was working with the G-A-Tech today and working with our team so that we can tell them where to place it next week. Because tomorrow's Friday. So anyway, so you will again, multi-purpose with the dirt. On, we are, we've getting ready to start the survey on the highway 92 for the drainage and sidewalk as well as the 92 in Prescott. So that'll be in the upcoming weeks and then realigning long-line A so that we can meet with the property owner and kind of settle on an alignment for that project so that we can move forward with design. Any questions for Pam, guys? All right, thank you, Pam. I just shared Council Neal Shapers update reports in your packet. They're in charge of two projects. The LA 89 at Shimmetry Parkway that round about design. We did some utility survey in there and we still need to get it totally accurate. They need to do what's called pot-holing, which is actually where they go and physically use a probe to actually determine the actual measurements. So they're in the process of doing that now before they can advance 95% plans to us. So we're getting very close. This is for the tractor round about it to go fresh ex on stage. And the other one, the East Milton Avenue corridor, very similar stuff there, tight corridor with a lot of utilities so they're confirming the utility depths in some of those spaces there. As I mentioned, Tim's on vacation right now. So let me just go to Terry. Dressed everything on the parks and everything. Of course, drain is works continue and just about every day. We need drain, grass and dine. So that's all so everything's going good. Any questions from the council? All right. Thank you, Terry. Appreciate it. Catherine Nicole, any other announcements? All right. Well, I guess I'll kick off maybe a few announcements before you hear from council announcements. In no particular order here. I see Mr. Trayhan in the office. Just want to congratulate your wife if you let her know when you get home. Principal of the year for Lafayette. Principal of the year for the state. So that's an incredible. So she's wonderful in her job. And I'm proud to know her. So please send her our regards. Secondly, I want to mention Sarah. I failed to mention it when you were up. But this past weekend, several of us went in. We're part of the Louisiana Municipal Association. Conference our convention in Alexandria. We were proud to be recognized with an honorable mention for our downtown streetscape pump station three upgrade project in the heart of our city. That's a project that domains that was the lead on. And we're also part of the organization. As well as a group of talented designers outside of their organization. So unfortunately everybody can't win the top prize. But the honorable mention was still pretty decent. I came home and I was somebody said, what does that mean? You didn't even get first second or third. I don't know. It's the winner and then honorable mention. So I would assume that there were some people that didn't get honorable mentions. But anyway, I was proud to get that out the way. I want to congratulate Simone. She has a new granddaughter to the family. So thank you very much. School is back. And we know today was the first day where we're seeing some challenges with the traffic. We saw it last year too. And I think it's going to take some adjustment. I forgot to mention to the ARCA folks. They put out as expected a very detailed map of how to use their car lineup. So I'm going to try to get that shared on social media for those. They even had some test runs last week with it. But I guess not everybody participated in the test runs. Yeah. Two more comments. One water conservation. I put something out this weekend of asking people to really hold back when trying to water unnecessarily. The reality of it is, frankly, I'm not sure that it made a difference. I think that's what I think we need to go back to is just following what's provided by OUS and that's the even and odd days. I think if we all do our part and stick to the even and odd days, I think that will, excuse me, I think that will achieve really what we want. So we're going to put out some communication about that because I for one don't like being told what to do. But I think if we can scale it into putting it into what we want to do, I think we might be a little bit more successful there. Just for the public benefit, our young water system is still working and operating fine with normal PSI. We are a wholesale customer at OUS and that's where we're really experiencing the biggest decrease in the water pressure in the areas of the city that do receive water from OUS. Of course, as Sarah mentioned, we have an incredible looking water plant that we're on the cusp of putting out to bid, which we tried quadruple our daily production and we'll be able to take some of those OUS customers on to our system. So we do have a plant that we're working for there. And I guess finally, let me just make a comment about Chief Woodrow. I'm intended to open the meeting with this comment, but I failed to do so and I regret that. Like all of you, we are fully aware that Chief, he met with me yesterday, gave us his resignation. And I respect his decision. I think he made the decision that was best for him and his family and his health. I've enjoyed the great work and relationship with him over the my 10 year as mayor and even before when he ran the first time. So I wish him nothing but the best and a successful next chapter of his life and health and wellness. Maybe we'll get him out walking on a fortune hills so we can lead it off. With regard to what is the process now, let me say that the process, the process has been established and it's consistent with how it's been in the past when we had one of our elected officials resigned upon receipt from the Secretary of State's office. There is 20 days in which the governing body has to vote. To ratify an appointment collectively, we intend to bring forward some recommendations, a couple of nominations perhaps. We're still kind of sorting through what that process looks like exactly. But I can assure you that we intend to fulfill the responsibility that we have that's prescribed by law and that we will have an interim chief before you at a special meeting for this council to consider action on. We've also been told from previous history an election will be called in the future presumably March. But you know too early to really know those details yet because we're not we don't have them yet. But if you want to think ahead, that's likely the next going to be the next process there. So anyway, with that said, I'll go to my right today. Mr. Linu. Okay, good. Just wanted to make sure. So yeah, I live in Cyprus gardens. I definitely noticed today was a first day of school. You know, my kids, you know, live in lab. We live in Young's World of Bay Gold School in Lafayette. So traffic's always an issue for us. It wasn't it wasn't new for the wife or I. But I definitely got messages from neighbors and you know, constituents and stuff. And we hear you, we know. But I think Arca gets, you know, should be able to work it out in the next few days, maybe week or so. And if it continues, I'm sure I'll hear about it. But yeah, we know we're we're watching. And I'm especially. What's the word I'm looking for? Empathetic to the teachers who have to stand out there and work car lines for hours. Is hot. I can only imagine if we do get that rain Terry, how humid it would be on top of it. But just please work. Be patient. Do the best you can. I saw quite a few cars trying to turn around doing three point turns in the middle of roads. But I don't necessarily advise that. Just, you know, it's growing pains, right? The city's growing, the school's growing. It's going to hurt for a little bit. All right. Thank you, sir. Miss Boljana. Got nothing. All right. Thank you, sir. Mr. Romero. Yeah. Two things. Southside is doing their annual auction at the Young's of Source Complex, Rec Center this Saturday at six. If you want to bid on things, you can go on their Facebook page or go to the auction. And last thing I also want to congratulate my long time colleague and friend for qualifying to hopefully represent us in district three on the parish council. We need some strong leadership there. And I think Mr. Stan's very fill is all the hits all the notes on that as far as what we need for the next four years. So best of luck to you. Thank you, man. Thank you. Mr. Stan's very. Come on. Yeah, I got you. Okay. This is a new system. We're still getting used to it. Thank you. I know Mayor brought it up earlier. I did qualify this week. Today, two other people jumped in. So it's campaign time. I'm excited to get out there and speak to everyone. Of course, we have two months. It's a short cycle. So I'm going to get out there, work our tails off. And just look forward to it and hope for your support. I do want to mention one other thing. We had our rotary club meeting this morning. So much energy going on in the rotary club of Youngsville right now. I would advise you if you want to get involved in a civic organization. I just want to check us out. We have a Facebook page. Rotary Club of Youngsville. We have two things coming up in September and October. Some fundraisers. We mentioned them in the past where we're given scholarships away to our bright students. And we're also including tech schools. So it's not just a four-year degree. We're including others. And then also community grants. So this these fundraisers that we're about to do. One in September, one in October. Will be for those fund for those items. This year, the September one is a little unique. We're actually partnering up with the chamber for auction online. And they're actually going to go around different days and visit the businesses in Youngsville. That are donating items. Go Facebook Live, do the auction live. So it's really a nice little hybrid approach. I'm looking forward to it. That's going to be September. Okay. Thank you. And that's all I have. So check it out. All right. Thank you, Jessica. Thank you, Mr. Stansbury, Ms. Shumpan. Thank you, Mayor. I'd also like to congratulate Councilman Stansbury for offering to run and get qualified today for this seat. It's a very instrumental seat. It's very important to our area. So I wish you luck and thank you for doing that. I also would like to congratulate everyone out there that has run and qualified to run for office. I thank you for wanting to put yourself out there and you're committed to public service. So I want to thank you and congratulate every one of you that have qualified to run for public service. Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Shumpan. Is there any other business before the Council? Is there a motion to adjourn? Motion by Mr. Romero. All right. All in favor? Hi. Meeting adjourned. Thank you so much. It's an honor and privilege to serve all of you. Have a great evening.