wouldn't need to go through the sub-divide, but if I was to sub-divide each one to, to help, that would definitely help for resale value, right? I typically, I'd like to see how, with the market dictate, I typically, when I go into development, it's whatever the market can absorb for resale, I'll sell them and I'll keep the rest. And it's one of these things. I don't want to create like a bait and switch and say, hey, I'm going to sell all these and I just go to renim. It's really, I want to see, you know, one, can I get these variances and then determine based on the market conditions and many other factors, what to do? I would say it's hard to tell, if I had to point in which direction I'd go, I'd probably want to hold these long term and then if that would ever change, then I would go through the plighting process and take that step to sub-divide for the resale perspective. But that would be after you built them and after we gave the wake, right? Well, that would be... So, that, I guess that's my, my question is, how are you going, do you intend on selling them? Because there will be a totally different variance if you sell it, then if you put them all on one lot, I think that's what I'm understanding. So that would be something that we would probably have to know or amended, put it in the, in the, in the variance, once we've owned something. So basically, if I say today, I want to keep them on one lot and just hold them, then I wouldn't get the opportunity to sub-divide. Is that correct? You just have to come back. Well, I think we would just have to put a lot of thought, or not we, I think you would Chad would have to put a lot of thought into, you know, easements and just making... And correct. And said backs, you know, it would have said backs if you choose to do that, that we have to vote on. And I want to jump ahead too much, but I did want to talk a little bit about parking. You said you kept two spots, right, for each, each home. So you've taken into consideration, each home might have two vehicles, right? Well, I took into consideration that that's what's in the code. I would probably, with some of these being one bedroom, it'd probably beneficial to do less parking from, you know, the front elevation perspective, but I'm fine with the two cars. And I don't have a problem. The two cars, my question, when I'm trying to get out of this overflow, because we all know you can have two people in a house, so that has two vehicles, but they have company. So where's your overflow going to go? Because you're going to border foster park? Correct. It's on. Okay.