everything. So the wastewater treatment plant. Oh, I'm sorry. Water. Wait. The wastewater treatment plant is impermitting and awaiting the rate study. The pump station for is impermitting and awaiting the right study. The water plant has been permitted and we're still awaiting the right study. Elevated tank is permitted awaiting the right study. And the water line interconnections. We're addressing permitting comments and awaiting the rate study. All right. Thank you, Sarah. Appreciate the update. All right. So for La Riviera Road, we received comments from DOTD and we're finishing up addressing those comments to be able to resubmit to them in the next two weeks. We've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work and we've been doing a lot of work an hour and a half was done. We've been working on the Jaden to Abel and the drainage for the roadway. I'm sure you've seen the stakes. That's where we went out there with them last week. Work back and forth and we're submitting, we met with Clint as well to kind of show him the modeling and what we were doing. So we're trying to wrap that up. We can't, on Fortune, we had gotten a price from the contractors, we were called last month and so we are waiting on the bond commission for the GMP. The sports complex, you're spending your cash, your money from bonds. You're this one, it's facility planning control. So you have an extra layer besides just C-MAR is that they, until all your money is realized in the capital outlay through the bond commission, you can't do your GMP. So we do have a price from the contract, we are underneath, we are below