in controls. That's only $41,000. The wastewater treatment plan is item 18 that's $4 million on the DEQ revolving loan. Is that one at a very favorable interest rate as well? Same. Wow. And then, of course, the water sector grant is going to put up 2.1 million. That is the total project, Mayor. Or is that going to be just a portion? No, this is another one. This is just a portion. This project we expect to go out to bid in the fall. We've been doing gradual improvements to the wastewater treatment plan. We're fortunate that there's enough space on that site. So what we're doing is we're changing the processing method and going to batch sequence reactors, which is just a more modern way to treat wastewater. And on this one, we got the $13.2 million DEQ line of credit that we're drawing on. And then we got an additional $5 million from a grant through the water sector, which was another competitively bid complete grant. This total project on this wastewater, how much is it estimated to come up with this whole? In total, 20? Is that how many? That's not you. 14. I'm looking at you, but it's not. Yeah, 14 is what Catherine's telling me. But we also have some pump station upgrades that we're going to talk about in a second. We've been similar to the water plan. We drilled three new water wells, 7, 8, 9, that are operational now that's going to support the new water plant that we're going to bid tonight. And then the wastewater treatment plants upgrades, we've been doing pump stations, rehabilitation of certain lines. And then the wastewater treatment plants ultimately, where it's all being processed and handled. And it's very expensive. Oh, I was asked. Both of these projects are intended to build our 30 year, to meet our 30 year population projection. And we've been very fortunate through the grants and the very low interest. Low interest rate loans. You're very fortunate to be able to do that. OK. Again, number 19 is just a pipe hunter, 132,000. Pump station number four, which you just mentioned, mayor, and the sewer utility, 350,000 coming from the half-saint sales tax from 99. And then 430, 3,700 from the state capital outlay. So a total project of right at $800,000. Pump station number three, 472,000 again, from the 1999 half-saint sales tax and pump station number 14, $306,000. And that's going to be again from the same 1999 half-saint sales tax. And that completes those pump stations, am I correct? Is that new? Is that refurbished? So four is out to bid right now. That's a rehabilitation of that pump station. It's a very old pump station. It's one of our original ones. And the parts on it are becoming very hard to obtain. And then coupled with that, we're upgrading the pumps. And the pumps are going to maximize the size of the force main that's