I'll probably would would agree with Mayor Ritter. I was probably one of the last ones that was fighting it to be changed. But having so many residents and so many goers downtown was was really a nightmare just trying to navigate a float much less. And it was just a number of emergency services in general, and it was just, that was really difficult. It was eye opening to see that everyone had shifted and really kind of become one, all on show, a matter of, and then doing other parts of our community, not just the downtown. So, I guess from my sake, it was as much as I did, wanted to change seeing it and writing it in a different, a different, a different, fast. It was just a nice fresh of breath there. Mr. Allen. That are already needing repair or, you know, it's damaging the roads, but it's not a traditional, a modern garage parade within a trailer. So, how do we, how do we go back to, how do we go back to that type of Mardi Gras parade? It's maybe something happened to be discussed again, you know, and maybe restrict the sides of these people. Because then a poor little earth is just too large for friends. And for the safety of the people and the safety of our roads, it isn't hard to get in and out as it is and not proud about it by real fresh. You know, it's already about the end. Yeah. It's coming next line below. Yeah, the discussion, I'll tell you just, you know, some of the feedback about the 18-willer cabs. Those drivers are the most trained drivers that there are on our roads. They have to have additional license requirements that I don't have. So, that, you know, because my instinct was very similar to yours. And then we're wearing a room discussing these things. And we're kind of like, hey, you know, like my answer is not right. My team knows I never want to be the smartest person in the room. Tell me, what, what, what is the, what's the issue, what problem are we solving, and what unintended consequences are going to come up when we make this change. So, my instinct, too, was just purely from the size perspective. But we're also talking about a vehicle that's better equipped with, you know, side mirrors. And, you know, a lot of Marty Grot Trailers are, you know, they're hitched. What had you told me, like, hitched that the center and they don't really... Turn. So, it's not a road ready in a sense trailer. It's for Marty Grot. It's used for Marty Grot. The comment about the trucks being on the roadway, they own the roadway every day. They're delivering commerce. So, weight wise and all that, 18-wheelers are driving those roads every day. So, back to the CDL drivers. They experienced drivers. They tested. I'm a CDL driver. Class