here. But we've had many a site visit. It's many of conversations about what could we possibly do at this space. For the Fortune Hills residents, I want you to know that we have not done anything here outside of the scope of the drainage component at this point. So I know there's a lot of questions about what happens now. What's happening in my backyard and all those things. First, I want to share with you that nothing would happen here if I didn't want to see it in my own backyard or in any of my family or my colleagues' backyards here. You know, at high level talking about this stuff when we're really focused on the drainage, I thought it would make a great satellite green space for our community. Our parks and recreation department, you know the success of the 78-year sports complex. You know all the success. Hopefully you've been through Foster Park recently to know what's happening there. We're going to talk about a dog park, a veterans park, other pocket satellite parks. What we envision here as possibilities, and of course I want the co-op, I want the residents to feel good about it. But what we envision here is really this is a 10 foot wide access road that was paid for by FEMA. Well, I think that we, it could have a great dual purpose if we make that a walking recreational trail around this detention area. What you see here is this is a stub out street from Fortune Hills neighborhood. This is Bayou Lake Road. So in turn Bayou Lake Road, this is an area that can be designated for parking. This particular access road or walking track, if you will, is two tenths of a mile. And here as you cross over, this is another 0.5 acres, I'm sorry 0.5 miles of asphalt that you could have a similar walking track on. The beauty of this property, and item switching back and forth with drainage, the beauty of badadans, this is Bayou Park Purdue, and this is a lateral that goes to the Anselm Kool-Aid that cuts through Fortune Hills neighborhood, that the residents, they are nowhere I'm talking about. I wish I could tell you that there was plenty of people in our community that are focused on health and fitness and these type of things. But you know, those of you that know me well know that that's my business, and it's not a very good business. Because I own a couple of, I own three gems and people just aren't excited about, you know, walking and exercising and things like that. So I want to assure the residents there that the only thing we've really talked about doing is having a passive green space where there could be walking elements along this walking track. And talking to our Parks and Recreation head and his team, what they've envisioned is, now this is still going to