acres you know to roughly one hundred eighty six acres counting the you know the satellite bar. So it's kind of gear enough you know for the growth and full time staff of course we have a mobile crew now. But staff and wise we're with the best place we could be now to take everything on we're also going to be scheduling working a little different because we have enough full timeers now to really cut into the contract. I mean I didn't realize we're almost tripling our footprint which is phenomenal that's what you're doing. I mean not I expected there to be a jump in this so it's not concerning but. And then you bring it on you know two more ball fields. The ball you bring it on amphitheatre that's got more chances for revenue all. Yeah so just a general comment that I'll make here you know we're reviewing you know a lot of those processes you know internally you know certainly cognizant of the opportunity to expand the recreation footprint and recognize in a lot of it was the intention was accelerated because of drainage projects and what's the purpose how do we maintain drainage projects long term. And then also I think the other factors how do you balance the you know our sports complex I think everyone would agree is a huge asset for our community balancing the customer service piece of it but it's certainly noted I mean there will be there's no expectation that we will be recommending or suggesting to the council that a trajectory of growth will continue at the pace that it has because we're really in our mind at a built out status but then also that I mean really increasing the talent of the existing bench that Tim has which therefore lessons that dependency on contract laborers and then also evaluating the program cost and fees as well there we're starting to take deeper dives into individual P&L's for particular sports where we can you know look at you know the revenue taken in minus the expenses that were paying on that same sport so there'll be some potential recommendations you know on those as well once we take a harder look at it that we'll be able to report back to the to the council on. Yeah and then the other side too you know we had we had a big repair with the elevator had to be totally replaced out that was about 46,000 one of the units at the rec center about 25,000 so we had to wear in terms of the details. All right thanks fine that's my comments for utility funding sports complex so with that being said I'll turn over to my father and he'll go over the operation of the city as a whole thank you. Thanks Brian. Okay as as Brad indicated we're going to go over the highlights of the overall situational situation with the audit