the city's done on main street to try and enhance the beauty of it. So I do believe I agree with you there's something that we can do. Yeah I guess at this point I'm just trying to figure out what is what is the what is your main takeaway that you feel this wouldn't belong as opposed to the town homes we approve of the McClelland brothers or the ones we approve of the backside of Wilson's property other than it being three and one duplex what is aesthetically appealing wise it's almost memorable. So we so we we've approved those two but now we're going to stand out around integrity. It looks foolish that now we're going to pick this is the grounds of standing. I disagree with you and that's my opinion if you disagree with me vote for it that's all I can tell you. No I mean if you disagree that's what I'm going to tell you. I'm just merely looking as if we're going to if that's what we're going to stand up for. And I'm not even sure if I was on the council when y'all approved the other one so. That doesn't matter either way I mean you're here now your vote is your vote I'm just I'm just looking for guidance in the sense that that's what we've approved in the past but now we're going to stand out around integrity that looks foolish but secondly if we're standing on historical district which I'm all about and I never said don't do a good job she's a phenomenal job but where what does that look like it's never come up in discussion and we constantly talk about historical district but no one ever has an idea of what that looks like. I don't and if there if there is something that exists I'm all the years to it but other than moving you know a 120 year old home and re-modeling it to me that's historical has historical data artifacts it's belong it's you know it's it's it's enrichment everything in part of the community but if that's if we don't have that then what is it other than an open lot and just calling a historical district. That's that's wrong I want to be informed about because it seems that there is it's a very mute point with a discussion. Well and just because it was done in the past doesn't make it right today and that at some point we need to take a stand and say enough is enough. People are coming in in buying properties which hey look I love to have investors come in to our city and invest in our properties but they're not actually staying do you are you're going to live in these you intend on moving in on these. Now we plan on moving in one of them and one of them you're going to random or sell them. I think your