concern is drainage. The city has spent a lot of money on drainage and I know Mr. Volgiano brought up the really great point in the last discussion about if we set a precedent. You know, if we do this in tonight and agree, what's gonna happen next month, if someone else comes, it has a pool that wants to encroach the setbacks. So that's something that we have to consider and desire. I'm sure it's a beautiful pool and a beautiful home. Simone, I was referring to that to a single, it was one pool that we had did. I think this was the floor. I think it was my first turn, but I guess that was obviously before Simone. It was a house on the on-palfrey, but we had the same essence where it encroached the city's easement and sidewalk and I'm pretty sure it got, one that I got approved was the pool's there, but I was asking about that, how that exact situation laid out, is that I couldn't recall? Not talking about Sugarmobon as a whole, just that one specific instance. So what would we take them out of the situation? What would we do in the sense that, if they've subcontracted, but the lot was built to be at 20, who do we hold at fault? The homes built or it's framed, I mean, I'll have it moved in yet, correct? We have not moved in. But yeah, how would you? I guess my question then would be the pool company when they came to get the permit. Was that permit acquired prior to them starting? Because the pool company should have known I've been told when they came in. They did, there's no permit issued on the pool. It was caught by permitting and hence the reason for the variance. So there's nothing there right now? No, man. But I guess I just want to, you know, I just want to share that. These things don't just fall at the sky and land on your, you know, land here. I mean, they've been vetted, we've looked at it. I think it was a, you know, I'm all concerned about precedent too, but I'm also concerned about a resident that's made an investment for this to be there. They're home, they've made a decision to be here. You have the most stringent drainage requirements, throughout Acadiana, Louisiana, you know, probably even greater. One home, five feet of a difference on a 30 foot wide pool is, I don't believe going to create a drainage issue. You know, that's just, that's my opinion about it. What I, because also if the intention here, you may say like, oh, somebody, somewhere there was a disconnect with the developer, what I know about this particular development is that we have a developer. It's hard for me to fault him because we, he met us where we were at that time. We said, we don't want this to