it, it's on Iberia Street at the horse arena where we awarded the water plant for last during our last meeting. This is going to be to rehabilitated. The parts were becoming hard to find. So we've these are for new pumps and then also up sizing the capacity to the best we can. So we're going to maximize the force main that travels from there towards the wastewater treatment plant. All right. If there's no comment or question, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote to accept the low bid. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thanks, Susan. Resolution 7.1 is resolution 2024 12 resolution authorized and in directing the mayor to execute for on behalf of city of youngsville, the parish of Lafayette Louisiana and active substantial completion from Glenn Lajay construction LLC pertaining to the completion of a contract for the 2022 roadway improvement program. Pam any comments about this. So we recommend starting the lean period. They'll be able to get that work done within the 45 days, but glad to have that one. Yeah, definitely. We did overlayed a lot of roads with that one. Yes, we did. All right. Emotion by councilman Shampine in a second on from councilman Shampine to. Excuse me, Ms. Barra's and then second by Miss Shampine. Excuse me. All right. Any council comment or discussion. Any public comment? All right. Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. So we have a question for the councilman. 1.2 resolution 2024 13 resolution adopted in the Louisiana compliance questionnaire for audit engagement for the city of youngsville for fiscal year Indian June 30th 2024. This is something we do every year prior to the start of our annual audit for the previous fiscal year that just ended. Motion by Ms. Shampine second by Miss Creed. Any council comment or discussion. Any public comment? Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Also, please let the record reflect Mr. Volgiano is now in attendance. We have one this evening at 8.1 is ordinance 492 2024 in ordinance of the city council of the city of youngsville authorizing the mayor of the city of youngsville Louisiana to execute a franchise agreement with at Miss energy corporation. Council this one's pretty standard as well. They're typically about 25 years. The terms appeared. The terms are the same. It's been reviewed by legal counsel and it's in final review by at moses at moses team. And you have the current draft in your packet. Motion by council member Romero and second by council member Shampine. Any questions. There's no questions. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you guys. Let's see. Pam, you want to go over any updates? Wow. Six. And then we'll go to Susan to knock out the engineering ones and then we'll do this. We'll do our internal staff. Oh, thank God. I've never been