 We have three preliminary plans for council consideration on our agenda item. I'm sorry. I don't have the particular agenda in front of me to see which one. Right. Thank you. 2.1. Request for preliminary plet approval. Sugarmobon phase 27. Located section 18t 11s r 5. We have a couple of members of the public here. Mr. Seminoe, our city engineer is going to review his recommendation after reviewing some of the preliminary plets. Some of the preliminary pletix use me some of the comments to the council will invite public comment at that time for any for the item. And then we'll listen to any council comments or feedback. So once we close the public hearing, we'll move into the regular council meeting at six o'clock. And the council is still able to discuss it. But all the count, all the public comment is to be take place at this public hearing. So if there's no question on that, we'll go ahead and Clint, you want to address your comments, your letters for sure. So, please, please. Yes, sir. So council, sugarmobon phase 27. I just want to give you a. An idea of where this is being located. I went ahead and kind of box out the area of the aerial on on. And I'm going to put a bunch of them up on because it's kind of, they're doing a lot of phases here. So if you see my mouse here, this is where phase 10 is. And the last phase that that was approved in the previous council meeting was phase 26, which came down here, making that connection down onto Savo. This is going to be phase 27, which is going to be connected to it. So, yeah, mayor, with that being said, I recommend that the city of youngsville approve this plenary plot with the following comments. I recommend no waivers to the revisions included in the ADRC report. All streets must have designated street parking stalls. Label each detention upon and include the area include the name and addresses of the property owners that are adjacent to this subdivision. That notes for the single family lots, town homelots, and detention lots include their number and area. Number six, a 56 foot right away section is required for streets to have parking stalls and both sides of the roadway. For the plaque conditions, I recommend waivers to condition five and replace with the city of youngsville's ordinances. A waiver is being requested by the developer for condition 15 in the ADRC report council. This is an ADRC comment that's stating that all streets, all lots must have street frontage. I recommend no further waivers to the remaining items included in the ADRC report. The developer is reminded that all new construction must be elevated 18 inches above the center line of the road or one foot above the BFB, whichever is higher. In the rest of these comments or our typical comments, but, but council, I did a spoke with Blair with with the youngsville fire department. As far as condition 15 in the ADRC report, as far as the street frontage, if I can pull up the plate here. This is the area that's in question. These lots have a linear park that goes in front of them. There's not direct street frontage. There's an alleyway in the back. So what Blair had recommended was that if we approve this waiver, he would like to require that the developer is required to put a fire hydrant at either side of the common area on each side. Thank you, Clint. And as part of that conversation with chief Rivera, I support a waiving condition 15 of the AR, AR DC. At the time of clint, so letter, we had not had an opportunity to talk to to the fire department. I don't have any concern from a connectivity standpoint, relate it. This particular area of the development, Mr. Dagle and I have been working on areas that we feel we should have better connectivity. This was not really one of them. So that left for me the pending issue was really just about fire and being being able to have access and just equipping our first responders with the right equipment. We talked about other situations in our city where we have similar situations. I mean, there's one there are some homes on shore drive that front, the St. Jude Park that is on the map right there. I mean, just as look, I guess has it there one of those homes did have a fire on them. So we have a little bit of experience from knowing what how can we be best positioned to fight a fire in that situation. So it was my appreciation that if we have a fire hydrant that's accessible nearby normally there's a standard of 500 feet. But if we put ourselves on a situation when there's a fire hydrant adjacent to the green space, that's one less thing that can derail the response time and have them with their best foot forward. Anyway, in some way I support the waiver of condition 15 that was left a little bit ambiguous and cleanse letter to the council. But besides that, I mean, it's a it's a continuation of the master plan of sugarmobime Mr. Dagels here. If you have any comments that already anything that you'd like to address of him, Robert, you're welcome to address the council. I apologize. I've got a little head cold. So hopefully you can understand me, but I want to start by saying how unbelievably impressed I am with City Hall. I got to tell you it's over the top and proud to see it happen. I remember years ago we offered to build you a little city hall in Chigamil pond. So you were probably made a good decision in rejecting our offer, but could could as to you folks. It's awesome. I generally agree with the cleanse comments. The 56 right away on streets that have on street parking stalls on both sides. I think is a is the absolute absolute correct right away with. Where the parking occurs on both sides of the road most of the time we have it on one side or the other, but in cases where we do put it on both sides will expand that right away to 56 feet. Want to go through the ADRC comments is a few things that I had some concerns about mostly just want to make sure we're on the same page in terms of clarification. Condition number one is a standard condition that deals with 10 foot utility servitude warning bordering public roadways 15 foot utility servitude along lots bordering private roadways. We typically get these the servitudes laid out under the T&D ordinance and submitted to everybody as as you know. The vast majority of our lots are alley loaded and in addition to the utility servitude on the street frontage which in some cases might only be five feet. We have 27 feet across the rear of those of those lots. And so we would continue to lay out the servitudes in this phase of Chigamil pond just like we've done in all previous phases of Chigamil pond. Number six and the number seven deals with the drainage servitude to buy you pork produce lateral eight a. I'm not sure where that is. So that was the that lateral that runs through that property there. That extends all of it down from the address that's been. That I mean we still have an opportunity and dealing with that. We were out in that water. As long as we do it. In such a way that it's approved by the city. Right. Yeah. As long as there's a what's being piped and has an easement that that you know it's acceptable by public word. I don't remember 14 says a traffic impact analysis is required. We have not had that in our face. Yeah, correct. We need to. I'm sorry to interrupt you. No, go ahead. But that is correct. That's something that we can I would recommend waving for this particular because it's not part of the T and D ordinance. I mean it just as an FYI we are working together to maybe into consideration of some other. We're having some other conversations and dependent because it's not addressed as part of the T and D ordinance today. If I can expand on your last comment if you don't mind. The mayor and I have been a couple of times about the mayor's concerns that because of the size of Chugamil Pond that there may be instances where we do need a traffic impact analysis in some cases. In some traffic work that addresses whatever the outcome of those analyses are. He has talked with me about the possibility of Chugamil Pond basically putting up pretty significant sum of money and return for the city's cost and running those traffic and you know analyses. And so I will tell you that we have an agreement in principle my lawyer is drafting something for you and the council to review. But we take it seriously and absolutely work absolutely work with you and ever go. Thank you. We've talked about 15. I think you're comment on the far hydrances right on we have already had conversations with with our engineers in terms of our water layout. And so I want to say for the record whatever whatever the city suggests in terms or requires in terms of where those hydrants are located. Some of those parks are really really short may not need one on both sides. So what I would propose is that I simply state for the record that I agree on whatever locations of our hydrants are required by the by the city we will comply with that. City always talks about naming alleys we've never named an alley it's it's really a private drive that accesses private homes. What we have started doing in our West Village neighborhood in Scott. We don't name the alley but in neighborhoods where the lot's front on a park is opposed to a street. What we've done is at the primary street frontage we actually have a plaque that list on either side of the park. The addresses of each of the houses there this you got five four houses or five houses on the other side of the park. Whatever the main street is at that park front on in those houses or sideways to basically there's a plaque that shows these street address it might be 100 a 100 being 100 c so that the general public knows exactly which house has which address or deliveries and things of that nature. So I would ask for a waiver of 18 in terms of us actually naming alleys but I got to tell you I'm not going to down the soil that I mean that's something you all want me to do I'll do. And that's it. Any council or are there any questions from Mr. Dagle about proposed development. Any public comment about the proposed subdivision sugarmobot 27. Okay so if I. Council I think assuming that you're in support of what you've heard during this it looks like it would be accepting the recommendation of clents. January six letter related to sugarmobot and phase 27 with adding a waiver for condition 14. Waving condition 15 both of the ADRC report on condition 15 you're asking that that the developer work with the city upon the correct placement of fire hydrants. And then there's a question about 18 we you're right we haven't been in the business of naming alleys I wonder is this I haven't seen that comment before is that because it's because we don't have. Is that because we don't have frontage on some of the. I mean I'm wondering if that's like a because I would agree on normal alleys I just don't know if that's something that's specific because some of these are on parts. And actually came up in one of our West Village reviews where we have neighborhoods where the houses front on parts and that was an additional recommendation by the city. We came back instead of name in the alley because they were just concerned about people identifying where the houses were that didn't front on the public street. We came back with an alternative recommendation that we actually build signage that we put up on either side of the park at the street front that list the houses that front that park would order they are in and what their street address is for each of the city actually came back and said they'd rather us do that so I came the alley that for council consideration. Did you pay? Yeah because it's said for emergency response so I recognize that he's saying so I guess it becomes. I don't know how the area is but what's the best way of council and Volionna could say in order to see this one thing if I've come into somebody that is but it's a full reason for me since it doesn't have a little name and it's a alley. How do environment and the police department you may not have to sit and look at a small path like high end and come on to the street so I guess it's whatever it is so that they can respond to know how to get access. There's no house in front of it and the alley base is in the name. If you come into this development how would the park and know how to get to which point that's that's the reason why they're not with Warren and there's more for that. Sure. That's why it's in there it's been for me or that it's whatever it's for the park and that's what we dealt with with the city by the way so we gave the five apartment to choice. I mean actually the street address is on there but I'll just have to do whatever. So I'm guessing that those if left to if left to 911 right now I guess they would be named as addresses on street A or street C. In the rear of the place they'll just say that it's that there's an incident in a rear of or adjacent to house whatever I mean. I mean that place you look at the mercy of 911 because I mean what you know Pam could call in is not what they're going to translate to us it could be gibberish by that point so maybe if you're just freaking the ants I would say what if what if just that the homes are labeled on the front and the rear if it's whatever the numerics or if it's one of the three in the front maybe just put one of the back of the home. We may not see the sign even if it's there but if at least for an alleyway we can visually see the number on the back and that's that's enough for me at least personally I don't know that the alleyways going to matter. So what's acceptable to me is I'm good with the city reviewing it and you tell me emergency response standpoint what would you like me to do. That's what I'll do. Okay. Yeah we do have a we do have a city ordinance that requires address numbering to be on the front Paris inspections doesn't sure that before they issued the final CEO. I mean that y'all can y'all can think about it before we get to the meeting but I mean one thing is maybe on these because if you anticipate there may be more challenge in the fine as the directional signage and maybe it's the house number on the front and the back I don't know that's up for y'all to discuss. I'll do whatever. Any further council thoughts any public comment final sugarmob on 27. All right thank you Mr. Dagole. All right we'll go ahead and move on to the to the second and. Second. All right 2.2 preliminary plat approval of Rosewalk the revised plating of Rosewalk located section 18t 11s r5 e. Thank you council. Again council you guys are aware of where this property is because it was just recently platted but it's but it's here across the street from fair haven next the cage market needs. What the developers proposed to do is looking at replating this property from a single family residential neighborhood and he would he he is requesting to plat this as a tnd as as sugarmopon is also. So the only hurdle that he's having here for plating this as a tnd council is that there's a part of the ordinance that requires the minimum. The minimum size of the property has to be 50 acres to be determined as a tnd and so. So I think these I think around I think 30 acres of belief yes so. Anyway mayor I I recommend the city of young so approve this plated with the following comments I recommend no waivers to the the revisions included in the ADRC report. So I think that's a total area of detention and as a note detention bonds mail accounts towards 50% of the common of the required common open space if the if the pond is appropriately aerated at a note detailing the area of the commercial lots that the setbacks are to be noted on the plat. A call to sack is required at a lot or 112 a t turnaround is is required at all dead in alleyways for the plat conditions I recommend waivers to condition five and replace with city young so as ordinances. I recommend waving condition 14 due to the council waving this requirement at the previous plat hearing this is for a requirement that's stub out into oak shadows a waiver is being requested by the developer for conditions 16 of the ADRC report this is the other same condition for the other street frontage and Blair at the same comment for the other hydrangees. A council variance is required for the site to be considered a traditional neighborhood development as this development is less than 50 acres is a ordinance 155-2 a perimeter fences required where a development fronts a public roadway a six foot perimeter sidewalk is required where a development fronts a public roadway. The developers is reminded that all new construction must be elevated 18 inches above the center line of the road or one foot above the BFE which refers higher and in a mayor that the rest of the comments are our typical comments. I know we have we have some supplemental documents that will show maybe while I'm speaking can look at pulling them up. I mean, even here this has already been before you for consideration at the previous hearing the lots that the developers has shifted his design here as a traditional neighborhood development the variance request I think is reasonable my opinion I mean he there's a great presentation of what the common area would look like that's indicated in what Clint showing it's going to really create a nice sense. I think that's a place that I'll let the developer elaborate more on so for consideration as a traditional neighborhood development it's one variance that's being requested to because it's the ordinance calls for to be 50 acres or more that's addressed in clents letter and the second one is consistent or similar to what you just had in shame upon 27 there are two areas here where or what is it one area actually one area where there's a cluster two areas two areas where there's a cluster of eight eight lots that would front the park after reviewing it with fire we feel it's similar from a connectivity standpoint I mean that you're not hindering anything here I mean our consideration was just what we discussed on shame upon 27 so we would just ask that we would have a similar process here for the establishment of the correct locations for fire hydrants. Yeah it's eight on each side on the northern one and then there's eight just on the northern one on this side these have a street frontage looking south on the one change I mean just to I mean to so you recall Clint mentioned there was some feedback from old shadows that there was not there would not be a connection we were sticking with that but that's up to your you know you can change that if you decide if you desire to have a connection with the park and there was some consideration during the previous preliminary flat review about where win and where the win the traffic impact analysis would take place because this is of a different because it's of a different density the developers agree to to have it done now at the normal time so but I invite Mr. David maybe tell us a little more about the common area since it's going to be such a focal point of the development. Thank you Ken let me start with the one variance request on the issue of the TND with starters thinking about the TND is as we went through the master plan we were adding things that we would typically only build within the TND we have commercial frontage on shim and metery we have a more refined layout that I'll show you in a minute but an important element of the TND. So we look at the question of whether we will do that as well as other things there are greater open space requirements I mean there are a lot more requirements on TNDs than on conventional neighborhoods but we thought that the site lend itself well to a TND and as I take you through some of the amenities in the town center layout hopefully you'll agree with that. So we have a lot more than just a few of the minimum of 50 acres your TND ordinance which we helped put together I think was enacted in 2002 maybe a lot has changed in the TND world since 2002 you know we're 20 21 years later So these examples all across the nation of TNDs and on as small as 10 acres of property over time what's happened in a lot of the urban areas is that they're trying to create the same quality of life that TNDs have in urban areas and instead of having single family detached homes they meet all the requirements of the TND but all of their residential or mid and high rise apartments and condos for sale but they have all of the mixed use built into them and they actually qualify as a TND in those instances I try to find anything that was done in the last 10 years that required a certain landmass and I could not I did pull up I was referred to an article in Wikipedia of all places but they kind of summarize with TND requirements are across the board. And if you Google traditional neighborhood development and Wikipedia you'll get the article but basically it list all the requirements of the TND which includes says to qualify as a TND a project should have a range of housing types which we do we have single family detached homes we have town homes we have apartments are rent we have condos up front for sale network of well connected streets and blocks which we have a lot of work to do with the TND. So we have a lot of work to do with the TND and the public spaces which we have a lot of work to do with the TND. So we have a lot of work to do with the TND and the public spaces which we have amenities such as stores or schools or places of worship within walking distance of residences. So what we have done since the original layout which has had a street down the middle and two big commercial buildings on it these are four early substantial mix use buildings the part that shaded on the ends are two story elements and what we are trying to do is create a sense of place as you come in off a shimmon mettery those corner buildings have height and volume. As do the building all of the building frontages at front on our linear green space down the middle the bottom floor those buildings will have various retail uses potentially some professional uses and the upper floors will have a combination of apartments for rent and condominiums for sale. So what's in the white area drops down to single story buildings and the two buildings up front when you get off of the corner where the mouse is right now those are single story building 60 to 70 feet deep for retail purposes. So we've ended up with is a town center that truly has a great mix of uses which is required by the TND ordinance but also I think a lively environment place that hopefully will enable us to attract some of the restaurants and those type of uses that we'd like to see within the community. So we've spent a good bit of time on probably the main requirement of a TND which is the mix use town center and those shops need to be in walking distance of most of the residents which they are we have stores which is required. So I think we meet and this really tracks your ordinance other than the landmass size. So I think we meet in a significant way all of the requirements of the your TND ordinance with the exception of the landmass so we asked for a waiver from the 50 acre required to the approximately 30 acres provided. Any questions on that before we move on in terms of a clenched review and the ADRC comments a couple of things. On a clenched specific plant revisions number five. Clen if you'll pull up the master plan show where the culer sakit required. So that was something that was not comfortable with you know it originally was laid out in that way because we were given some thought to try to cross by you park for do there until we got the cost estimates which were about 400 grand. So I think clenched absolutely right we will change that design and construct a roundabout at the termination of that street. I'm sorry a culer sakit termination of that street. The other item which is a big deal for us is his number six under plat provisions a t turnaround is required at all dead in allies. The only three allies in question over clenches mouse now. Typically do not do that we have several instances in sugar mill pond where the alley terminates particularly where the alley is not very long. You know in this instance you got to think of the alley as a driveway that gets to those houses having a turnaround at the end of it just eliminates too lots. And there's no through traffic that's going through that alley to get somewhere else because there's only four houses on either side of it. I've offered in the past and I wasn't taken up on it but I've offered to put no outlet signs at the head of those allies just select you know anybody that doesn't live there understand and I there's no out there not going. But it's very important to us that that we get that way in this particular instance for the reasons that I've just identified. Any comments there. Just have a question about where where would trash be on those trash pick up and recycling pick up that they would be taken to the front at the road frontage there which is what we do in river ranch right now. In fact a lot of our allies longer than that and people walk to the end of the alley and deposit their trash at that point. Yeah. Is there an example in sugarmapon where you have a dead an alley like that. Yeah there's a couple of them right behind the commercial uses on trying to think of the you know behind where waffle houses and all that. We've got that neighborhood. You termed this one here in termination in a port right there. Yeah right. Yeah so you have that term right here. It's stubbed out to not stop out. It's this. Oh okay. And then it comes up like this and it does dead in right there. There's another time right there. I met you. Yeah. And there's a time. I was just counting. I was just as far as if anybody does come down there and let's say they were going to the last house. And they're at the wrong house and they need to turn around. They didn't have to either try to do a three point turn in that tight alleyway with the driveways or back back up the whole way. That's why I was asking for a two turn around there. Can you flood back to the flat map? Yeah. The color. Yeah. Zoom in on that as well. You know the changes of somebody turning down an alley that's properly labeled street addresses and all. And getting lost in that alley. I think we absolutely minimal if not not not exist. The alley they want to turn around happens all the time you pull into the driveway at the end there and you back up and you pull out. Typically we would put the driveway for the last house. And we're going to be building the houses. We put the driveway for the last house. Closes to the first. The in this case the northern property line. So you got enough room between the driveway. If you turn in there that driveway by actually having a clue to back out of that last lot and pull out. You're not at the back of the car. Yeah. I think I mean it. Yeah. I mean I think if they're through signage and I mean if it's an issue if nothing else. Yeah. I mean we're talking about four homes. I think in Chugamupon the example was about eight homes or so which I. If the longer the alley the more risk that you have that somebody may get lost. Sure. In this case you can actually head to the alley you can actually see the end of the alley. Yeah it's up to you guys. Mr. Nagle will you have a signage on those alleys like you. I'm sorry. Are you going to have signage on those alleys like you've talked about. I'll do whatever you want me to. I'll give you a name to the alleys I can put these green addresses is whatever you'll want me to do. There's a name for that. Yeah because these homes as well. I won't have street furniture. Yeah these are on these are on green spaces. Okay I think that's I think the council's heard enough. Of course because people that are driving that's the first house as they may turn just. Right. Not know. Like a no outlet type sign or. I think that you would take care of anybody as lost. Yeah. I'm certainly willing to do the signage. Perfect. Any other council comments related to Rosewalk. Okay continuing. Okay so we have some recommendations. I don't know. What's the recommended way they 14 which I agree with. We talked about. 16 which is the. How's this running on parks? I go to the IDRC comments. Same issue as number one. I don't think we need to do anything with it. 12 and 13 in the ADRC requires cross-access easements. These are in our town center commercial village. Pull up the layout. So they're requiring a cross-access easement between RC2 and RC1 into the southern or eastern western lots. It causes me a little hard burn because T&Ds are typically not interconnected with adjacent properties. I'm concerned about the money we're going to spend in the town center and having an easement into the property next door with no idea of what they're going to be doing with their property. But on the layout you'll see that we actually have parking in those areas. So we have parking where that connection will ultimately go. Again I'm okay if the city determines and it may be a great use next door that I want to connect to. If the city determines a connectivity needs to happen there, all I've got to do is remove a couple of parking places and the connectivity can occur. I just say to say I'm going to do it without knowing what I'm connecting to. I can't say on the north side of or the left side of this plot is where a debat is going. And so they do have their site plan approval but they are just awaiting I think some construction costs come down. So debat has their building on this side of their property. So they're not stopped out. There's no room for a quamit. Yeah. Yeah. But on the east side this is just an undeveloped lot. So it's up to the council. Again if you decided you need it later on I'll provide it. And I may even want to provide it depending on what the use is there. So I'm sorry I didn't hear so debat. Oh there's site plan now. Does it provide for? I mean no, okay. Yeah. So that takes care of that one because we've already got too far with their site plan and they're so what they're we're just it's on them now. We've approved their design. Yeah. So I think that's going to require a minute of. Right. I think that I think the developer will be reasonable. I mean if it's got a if it's got use potentially that's going to be I would think that whoever goes there would would probably mean that the audience is going to hopefully be a restaurant that's going to one connectivity to the neighborhood. That's what makes the golf carts and all that stuff thrive. I think if you envision in the middle of Chumil pond as being required to connect it, you know an outside use there. You can see that you know the hesitancy of doing that without knowing what that outside use is going to be. I think that's up to the council but I'm willing to punt that until we can yeah I think if it makes good development use when we get plans and we'll see what comes first and what it is. Yeah. Some of the connectivity would be vehicle or we think in golf or we think it's walking path. Well it's basically like this is going to be one of the yeah. What would be unless we all guess this and if you go lose parking spaces and know the drives connect parking. All right. It could be done. It could be done with the uses. Yeah. I'll put that on. Okay. So continuing with the at the RC comments, plant revision comment number 15 deals with the alley approved names and all we've covered that in connection with the Chugano Pond Allies and so again that's I'll have whatever signage labeling those alleys in those areas where the houses front on parks that you want me to have so that's not an issue. That's all the comments and waiver requests. So I'll comment outside of this if you pull up the amenity layout. Scroll down to the second page. So you know what one of the important things about T&Ds is that the T&D have an amenity package or amenity packages. This has been designed by Bill Reichs office. I know Bill's doing some work for y'all and this is what's going to get billed. What you're looking at is about $800,000 worth of improvements. It's a small zero entry pool area, a pickleball court. There's a children playground there, a pavilion there and then we have a dock out into the lake behind it. What's not shown here is we actually have a walk and trail that runs along the large lake that connects back into the development. We have a significant amount of open space and so I think you know we've gone out of our way to make sure that we're staying true to what T&D should be about from a quality of life standpoint and we're certainly going to make that financial commitment to do that. Any questions? Any questions from the council? Thank you. All right, thank you Mr. Dave. Any public comment Mr. Trayon? Are you good sir? All right. I'd like to comment. Yes sir, please you're welcome to address the council. If you would mind sharing your name with us please. My name is Mike Newton and I own the property that borders to the south of this development. Yes sir, welcome. Mike, my concerns are with all these alleyways dead ending at my property. Will there be a fence there? What's going to be bordering the property line? So if a fence is not required there council but yet so it would just be an open alley. I mean I owned all that along the whole you know I have all these little streets. There's nothing but a sugar cane field there you know. But another thing is the drainage. There was a ditch dug there by a farmer and it started off on the property line. On the east side but by the time it got to the west side of this property it was all on my property. So I was wondering what's going to happen with that ditch. You know it wasn't a surveyed another one of the dug it was just dug by eye. Right. And when they put the power lines in that's when I could tell that well he did it straight so that's you know another concern I have. Yes so as far as that ditch there the the surveyor is going to pick that up. The civil engineer is going to do an existing site topo and he'll show all the existing drainage on the site and when he gives me here proposed contours he does take into account all the off site drainage that's coming into his property. If that ditch it's right at the boundary line. So he'll need to show that that ditch and if it is you know like on his side then that will have to be picked up. And by your parkpad you is where the ditch starts and it was put there to drain their property not mine I didn't need it. You know we didn't live on the property we didn't even know what happened to that fact. Right. Yes and so what happened to the ditch is that it wasn't dug all the way on the property it started on the property line but it ended up all on my property by 10 feet. I'm a covered ditch me I don't need it. So you know I wanted to be fixed to where I don't have a ditch 10 feet from the end of my property I wanted on the property line. Okay yeah you see what I'm saying? Yeah right. Yes so they will do their existing site topo and whether or not allow to do his impact in the adjacent properties and so they'll show all the contours adjacent and what's coming to them they'll have to pick up. Okay and will I be notified of this somehow? But if they have to enter your property I think that's would be a reasonable expectation. Okay. All right. It's about concerns. Yeah. Well we appreciate the feedback. This is at this stage it's really since it's just for preliminary design. I mean the developers put a lot of time into conceptually amenity packages things like that. Usually at this stage there's not a significant amount of drainage design or study because they want to ensure that they know what they're designing. So preliminary approval then that'll trigger the owner to have their design team do a layout that that has to be approved by the city. Yes sir. Okay. So your concerns will be factored in to to that review. Okay so thank you. Thank you Mr. Motone appreciate the feedback. Any other public comment related to Rosewell yes sir Mr. Trayon. I would like to see his image of what he's what he just said is that you said there's going to be another token map that your engineer is going to do. I'm sorry. You said as an engineer is going to be putting a map for the drainage along his out of his property. So they pull up the the topo of all the existing topography and the engineer will show with the drainage maps of the drainage areas of like how the property is draining. And so if there is any property that's currently draining on it on them they have to pick up that water and and route it through their drainage. So they're going to take it from the rigid token in the section lines of the plant is that how they're going to put it or will be notified when they're doing it. No so the topography I mean that that can just be shot with like just the existing lid or that's on the the state's website or they can shoot it like a more updated topography with a drone. But yeah the topography that's just looking at how the properties is draining the survey maps that that's like a separate type of survey. Okay. Thank you sir. Sir anyone else that was just to address the council about Sugarmobon. I'm so using Rosewell. All right any final council comments or questions. All right thank you. We'll go ahead and move to the final one. 2.3 request for preliminary platter approval for a petition of lot one into lots one A and 1 B for say bond located in section 17 T 11 s r 5 E. This one's a little bit more simple or simpler division. Yeah Clint. Yes sir. So council this is just the owners of say ball is looking at subdividing their lot. Of course you guys know say ball is further down by a shim at park they they own the property from the shim and metter roadway all the way back to all my master. So what they're looking at doing is subdividing the property from one lot into two and taking that rear lot and they're looking at at putting some some storage units there as far as the other storage units council. I have not received anything from them prior to you guys passing that last ordinance for the storage units so they will be adhering to everything in that new ordinance. So a mayor I recommend the city of youngs will approve this plenary platter with the following comments detail at 10 foot utilities made with niches at the property lines along all my master road the setbacks to be noted on the platter 20 foot front 5 foot side 10 foot rear. Included vicinity map on the platter provide a utility legend on the platter detail of the legal description on the platter with the point of beginning and point of commencement include the data and geo on the platter for the platter conditions a a six foot perimeter sidewalk is required where development fronts of public roadway the developers is reminded that all new construction must be elevated 18 inches above the sit on the road or one foot above the bf e whichever is higher in the rest of the comments are our typical comments man. Yeah the unique one about this one is just what we know what's what's coming we did have some talk with the with the property owner initially they talked about doing other town homes or storage so we knew that it was out there there was just conceptual but clents right I mean they they reviewed they have some preliminary thoughts and design plans of what that would look like your ordinances actually driving how it's being designed and developed it went from conceptually being an outdoor storage unit to now an interior unit our interior design because of your direction regarding the amount of footprint that could be taken by this type of development there's a lot of green space around it because of I think there's a limitation of how much of the footprint could be used for storage so we really I mean this is a pretty simple subdivision of property just one line but in an effort to really just communicate what we anticipate happening there is really just why we wanted to bring this you can see the the green space it's really driven just because of your requirements about how much of a footprint could it take you know could it hold but the exterior for side so far I know there's been a couple iterations and conversations with Clint regarding this so is there any council comments related to the subdivision of property any public comment related to say ball. All right if there's none we'll go ahead and close the public hearing and we'll start the council minutes six o'clock so thank you very much public hearings adjourned.