a queue on the current? As far as I know, I assume they're ready to go. They haven't indicated otherwise. Okay. I'm sorry, Mara. Susan, can you tell us about NCMC? I've heard of the other three bidders, but I've never heard of them. NCMC is out of Baton Rouge. They do a lot of plant work, water and wastewater plant work. We've done a few jobs with them. Haven't had any problems with them. They've been responsive, so do good work. So that's what I can say. One thing I did want to mention, I said we have $5.6 million in water sector dollars, which is correct. That is a grant. It was a competitive grant. We do not have to pay that money back, but we did also get $600,000. That was the HP 782 that Burton alluded to. That is money that we can use for roads or for water. So that's there as well. Mr. Ramara. Motion to accept bid by NCMC. Miss Champagne. Okay. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? No public comment. Miskejrid, please call the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. Thank you, Susan. Thank you. Right. Ordinance is for final adoption. Prior to this meeting at 5 o'clock, we held a public hearing to gain public comment relative to the amended ordinance for the budget for the fiscal year that ended in the June 30. The budget item 4.1 budget amendment ordinance 4.90, 2024, an ordinance amending the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of young zoo Louisiana for the fiscal year 2324. Before you make a motion, I did just want to point out in an effort to give you the most updated fund balances that was possible on your on your desk this evening, which is the same copy that Burton was reviewing. And the budget item that was the budget item that reflected the most accurate fund balances to show for the end in the beginning of the new fiscal year. So independent if you're making any changes to the to the that disapplies to the next two budget items, I would ask or the next two agenda items, I would ask that you make the motion to approve as amended. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. All right. Any comments from the from the council. No comments. Miskeedry, please call the vote. The motion approved. The agenda item 4.2 budget ordinance 4.91, 2024, an ordinance adopting the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of young zoo Louisiana for the fiscal year 2425. Mr. Boljano. Motion to approve. Thank you. Mr. Barr is. Okay, a motion in a second. I'm Mr. Romero, you have a comment, sir. Yeah, I had a discussion. I had an opportunity to meet with Catherine yourself Monday and then I spoke with the chief on the 81 tax budget being that we're being ultra conservative. I definitely in favor of a person that three units, but