Today you have to be under 10 years old and mobile home can only fit, excuse me, on a piece of property that has a 30 foot will be referred to as enhanced setback in all four directions. So a typical single family residential house in a normal neighborhood would be five feet from the side. And you can't build 20 feet from the front to garage, just be 25 feet from the front and 10 from the back. So a single home has to be 30 feet in all directions. So with the spirit of the land use ordinance, you'd have to have a pretty nice size piece of property to have 30 feet in all directions to fit a new mobile home that's 10 years or less. If you have a mobile home now, that's your property, it's your home. Nobody wants their property typically to look. No one has more pride in their home than that home owner. So it's grandfathered as long as it's there. I'm talking about if you, if one's removed and a new one to come back in. So there are just a few examples that I have of how ordinances have strengthened over time. Metal buildings, we were concerned that maybe there was going to be too many metal buildings, particularly on Stimmmett, Parkway, you know, at the time. So, you know, now there's a requirement. And this is a, this is an interesting one because strengthened but not over correct. What we said was 51% has to be another material, not just metal. But there's a fine line between over correcting because I could point out a couple of buildings within our city that I think we all would take pride in that are more than 51% metal. So we've really not wanted to limit the architectural creativity of professionals like Lynn who are, who are an architect. One that comes to mind is CC's coffee and Metery Center. That building I think is probably over 51% metal and in our current code it may not really fit. The other one is Revive, the, the, the gem that's on Fountain View and Iberia Street. I'm not sure that those building materials would really fit within that ordinance. So we do have to be cautious, I believe, of not, you know, when my house was built in 2012, you know, everybody was doing base of the same color. And, you know, so there's issues, not issues. I mean, you go on a new neighborhood to everything's white. I want to be careful about not prescribing to in detail there that would in essence limit your house or limit your ability. Let me show you if I could just a couple of examples of what's inspired because I believe the townhouse conversation's going to come up. So I just want to show a couple of examples if I could. Yes. Okay, the, the first one. This is an example of, excuse my desktop.