 you all right good evening everyone it's Thursday August 8th 2024 tonight is the regular Scheduled City Council meeting for the city of Youngsville for the our invocation I'd like to invite Pastor John Cannon from asbury United Methodist to lead us in our invocation and then if you remain in our pledge to see the movie led by councilwoman Barras pastor welcome to youngsville sir thank you let us pray all loving and ever gracious God we give you thanks for this life and all of its wonder for family and friends and neighbors for opportunities to bring goodness to the people around us and for the privilege of serving those to whom we are responsible we pray for this community that it might be a place where people can thrive together that it might be a place of cooperation and caring and that it might be a place where loving kindness builds bonds of peace we pray for our elected and appointed leaders and all who serve in civic life for wisdom in the fulfillment of their duties for a sense of meaning and purpose in their work for fairness and equity in their decisions and for integrity and the service of the public interest may their work here this evening be a gift of goodness to the people bringing prosperity and safety to those who call youngsville their home and promoting the well-being of all who may pass through we pray this in the name of the God who steadfast love and self-giving grace is a light of guidance for our lives. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one-an under God, individual with liberty and justice for all. Thank you. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Bares, here. Ms. Volgiano, here. Vermeiro, here. Ms. Cree, here. Ms. Shampine, here. Thank you, Nicole. For recognition's persons to address the city council this evening, Nick Nylens, here at Oedances Canada, to see for city council division D. Nick, welcome. Hello, everyone. Thank you all for having me here today. Like Mayor Ritter just said, my name is Nick Nylens and I am running for city council division D. I'm a husband and a father. And I've been in youngsville for about eight or nine years now. And I wanted to also start out by thanking all of our teachers. I know today was a great day for all of them getting to see all of those fresh new smiling faces. And I know 13 years ago, 14 years ago, for me, it was my first day as a teacher and a coach in my first career. And I know how exciting that was for me. So just to shout out to all the teachers out there. And then just to kind of give like a little brief rundown on me education wise, I got my degree in education. I got my second degree in nursing and my third degree was my master's and business administration of the health care with folks in health care management. I wanted to get involved in youngsville because of leadership youngsville. I was in the first class. It did a great introduction to the city. Got involved with the chamber, now involved with the Rotor Club of Youngsville. I think the greatest thing that you can do in a community is to be a public servant. And I think being elected to the city council would be able to provide me with that next level to really be able to serve my community. And that's really what I'm looking to do. My focus is on economic development, our local businesses, growing our local businesses, and then focusing on community. Without community, you don't have anything. And so I'd really like to focus on that. I'm going to keep it short and sweet. Just again, thank you all for having me. I'll see y'all around. I'll be knocking on doors. And I look forward to this whole process. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Council. Thank you, Citizens of Youngsville. Thank you, Mayor. Best of luck to you in a couple of November. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. The item 4.1 is approval of July 11, 2024 council meeting minutes. Motion to approve. Motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Mr. Romero. Is there any comment related to the minutes? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. All right. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Romero. Mr. Creed. Yes. Miss Shampa. Yes. All right. Thank you, Council. A gin item. Shampa. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council. Gin item 5.1 is approval of the June 2024 finance report. Move. Okay. Motion by Councilman Romero. And second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any council comment or discussion? Okay. Miss Catherine. Are you still using Greg? Okay. My apology. Mrs. Greg. Or Miss Greg. She was recently married. My apology. Yes. Yes. Mr. Raven. I don't know if she's been busy. I haven't changed it yet. Looking at the financial report, Sales Tax is over for last years at the time for NPP order. So we're on a bit trend there and then last, compared to for last month, we're about 2.7% of increase. We've also done some corrective measures on our AUP. I've read upon procedures for audit, so we want to highlight those here tonight. Various policies listed. Number one, we're continuing to fine tune some purchasing and payroll policies. We're reporting to the board today, which is one of our audit findings. And we have corrected our number seven is sexual harassment policy and complaint link that we have posted on the website. We're still currently working to implement procedures to correct numbers three through six. For various other. Okay, all right. Thank you. Great to hear about the sales tax. Council, any comments or discussion of questions? Any public comment relative to the financial report? All right, no public comment. I'm a skidry. Please call the vote. Ms. Baryse? Yes. Ms. Romero? Yes. Ms. Cree? Yes. Ms. Shampine? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Councilor Janadim, 6.1 is request for preliminary pletip approval of sugarmob pine. Phase 10c. Okay. Is motion by Councilwoman Shampine to approve their second in Councilwoman Barra's seconds. Any comments or questions? Are any public comment related to the approval of sugarmob pine. Phase 10c. Okay. Here no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote to approve. Ms. Baryse? Yes. Ms. Pellejiano? Yes. Ms. Romero? Yes. Ms. Cree? Yes. Ms. Shampine? Yes. Motion approved. Thank you, Councilor. Ms. Sveta, Ms. Monica Abshires here this evening to request a setback variance for a mobile home located at 112 Young Street. Yes, Ms. Abshires, come on up. Good to see you. Same here. Good evening, Councilor Mayor. I'm here asking for a variance on 112 Young Street. I have a home up down there, Paseo. And for, since 2004, we've had a trailer on the side that was my daughters and then my other daughters and my cousins and my cousin passed away last year. A trailer was moved last year after 23 years that once been there. And I just lost a major cash sale because they were told first by somebody at City Hall that yes, you can have a trailer there. So we saw another preliminary papers and did a constancy sale and then a week later, her real estate agent decided to call City Hall herself and they said no, cannot be done. So I'm here asking you all if we could please do some type of variance being a had a trailer there for 23 years. Everything set up for it. The polls are still there. Electricity is there. Water's there. And I mean, I've lost one sale. I just don't know. My mom has a trailer park right on the side of it and yes, it doesn't sit in the trailer park, but there's a trailer right across the street from it. So I don't know if you're familiar with that, but it's right behind more actually behind VFW and more of a launch in the dog place. There's a home there and then the trailer was on the side. So I think we gave up the have a layout in their package. Okay. So I'm just here asking if something could be done about it. If possible, if not, I completely understand. Any questions are from the council. Councilor. Mr. Bull, John. And you're so you're trying to sell the home itself and then the lot that is currently vacant. It's a home with the whole property. Yes. And so the was and then what's the conflict with the variance there? Yeah. So the the conflict our land use code requires there to be that a mobile home has to be 10 years or less, which isn't applicable here. I assume that it would comply with that. But the particular provision that this would be in conflict of is that the code of ordinance requires a 30 foot enhanced setback in all four locations of the proposed mobile home. On the on the graphic that I think we have for you Nicole circled the location the tax assessor sites actually a little bit dated. And so the where it circled is the desired location for Mrs. Appshar. As she said, there's not one there now. And if one would be placed there now, it would be in conflict of the 30 foot setback requirement, mostly because of the I guess the set the southern and then the the eastern property lines because it would have to be 30 feet from each of those two property lines. And there is no conflict necessarily next to her house or we didn't measure it off of off of the road in that particular direction that way. Yeah, I'm looking at the updated on Google maps and the even if I'm I mean, if this is involving any other mobile home, it looks like they wouldn't even meet the criteria either. As far as the the right of ways like none of the other current ones that are there now wouldn't meet the right of ways either. Yeah, the difference with the neighboring property that's ruby deans mobile home park that that we currently have classified. You know, we know that that's the use there. So if if if one were to come out of ruby deans mobile home park. The only requirement in that case, I believe would be that it would have to be the age requirement of 10 years or less because that we know that property, you know, is already kind of it's already designated that that's the use there. And the only area is the ones connected to instrument now a bear in them because all the rest it's all family property. So 30 feet from me to my brother's house to the road. It's all family so that we have no problem. You know, we're fun. It's always been never had a trouble with Elton or even either, but I know there's a law or whatever else said with a 30 feet and there's not 30 feet there. And I'm asking if that could be. Miss Champagne. Thank you, Mayor. Mayor, can you remind us vaguely remember what do we do with the dogs alone because wasn't there. I wasn't on the council then, but I worked for you. We're louder. There was a setback on a side variance. But as our variance was. I'm a stake in, well, you know, I don't even have to let me defer to Pam. I'm sorry, Pam. And I, the mayor and I always pick about my memory when the salon to Champagne and they wanted to add while it was a, I'm going to call it a manufactured building of some sort. They did have to meet the facade ordinance. So we didn't, they, because they didn't want to meet the facade ordinance because the facade ordinance came into place after they had ordered, but before they ever brought it and before they ever brought plans. But the council took the position of you still have to meet the facade ordinance. That's the new ones. So they weren't able to, and one of their reasons they didn't think so is they were like, well, there's trailers all over. And that didn't, the council said, no, it doesn't matter if there's trailers all over you stuff to meet our new ordinance. So that, that is what occurred with regards to that one. And so we made them do things that they had to do. Otherwise, they were just planning a, I hate to say plug and play, but just bring that one on board and we did make them do some upgrades. That's, that was pre-COVID. That's been a lot. Yeah, Champagne said, satisfy your question. So it was a business manufacturer. I mean, even though it was a business, like the point I was making was they were saying we might be a business, but it's trailer by trailer by trailer. And the council said, even though it's trailer by trailer, what we're saying is you still no matter what, they wouldn't grandfather them in for not having to do a different ordinance. And the answer and what I'm going to say is while it's a business, grandfathering wasn't allowed to be able to get them a variance because they asked for a variance from meeting that because of the fact that everything around there was trailers. So why did it matter if it had a facade? If it had, that was my. Mr. Mayor, it was Monica. 30 feet is what city asked for. What are you asking for? Do you know with your parents? What are you trying to get down to? I really, whenever I have an issue, so I really have no, you haven't gotten that point to measure it off like it's 20 would work or 25. No, because I didn't realize it was an issue until this came up. But when the charity was there part of that, my husband might like how many maybe 10 feet, 12 feet is not much before it gets to Elton. Yeah. I mean, that's on the setback. But again, Elton, right? You're talking about more bonds property? Yes. It touches my property on the rear. Yeah, yeah. I think that's the southern southern. 23 years we never had any issue. Have you talked to. Can you be in them? No, I mean, no, because I needed to come to y'all first. Yeah, no, no, I totally get it. I totally get it. I mean, that knowing what our setback variant, what our setback requirement is and then what kind of variant you're asking for can play a very heavy part in whether, you know, we decided to do it or not. I mean, based on what I would do and the rest of the council, I don't know that's up to them. But I mean, if it was like a five foot setback or some of that in my appearance, it'd probably be a little more realistic. You know, 15, 20 foot. That's a big. Marines. So that's why I know you. Depending on what. So I straight would. And again, it's only the next people come up and say, look, we want to put a trailer there, but I will. But you don't know what they're wanting to do. I'll lose that too. So. It was a train today. Well, yes, it was a woman moving that takes care of her mother who lived in a trailer of 73 years old. That's very ill. And it was a perfect setup because her daughter lives in honor of rich. Yeah. Didn't work out because again, she calls city halls, but what's up? She called herself. And they said, yes, you can do that. And then thank God the realtor after we signed everything, the realtor decided, well, let me call and check. Spoke to dinner. Tell you Garrett. Yes. And I said, you know, it can't be done. There's an ordinance on that. Right. Yeah. And we don't, I mean, you know, I don't, I don't just speak, you know, with the buyer said, but they don't, we don't know who she, who she talks. No, it doesn't matter. Yeah. Because I mean, the call would have, would have been, it should have been. She was misled. Yeah. You know, and signed and put a down payment and everything and it all felt. Do you have a perspective buyer now? Or you're trying to get all this work out? I'm just trying to figure out before I get it back to the realtor. I want to know how we can word this because we have it worded that you could put a triner there. And we need to, you know, see what can be done. She was supposed to be here, but she had to go around show a house and get the rose. She was trying to meet me here. I know that's the problem is that I mean, if we knew what the size of the mobile home was that was going to go in there. If we knew what the variance was going to be exactly, I think a decision is easier to be made. I mean, I think I would, I think I would make a decision. We got an 80 foot there and the tongue, we have the tongue facing more vans. And we still were probably five feet, I'd say, from more vans. If you push the tongue under, you know, you're given 10 feet. And then from there, you know, if it's going to be a variance backing up to more vans, a letter from them or something stating, you know, hey, they'd be okay with this. Or whatever it might be, that always helps. But there's a lot of unknowns right now. Right. And we did have like 20 feet. What you would say to the contrary. From the end of the trade to the contrary, you could pass two cars. So we could always move it up if need be. There's room to move a trailer if we have to move it up a little bit. But I just need to know, can is this feasible or not before I even go further with this. I think I think the challenge or miss champ on it, you do you want to say something? Well, I agree with that. I think if we had a little, if we knew a little more about what that exact variance would be, it would help us make a decision. But we can't know that until you know that. And the other thing is my question to the mayor or someone on stage. I'll try my best. Have we granted any variances for the mobile home ordinance since it came into place? The 30-foot setbacks that you'll be able to. I think there was one on cane Derek several years ago. Do we know what the footage was with the variance? I think the challenge here is that it's speculative too. We don't know if it's even something that the property owner, the new property owner would want at that location. So what you would be doing is really granting a variance on a circumstance that may not happen. And is there an expiration to it or what's the, it would just be attached to the property. And this morning I'd hate to say, hey, let's do a variance for 10 feet, but they need 11 feet. You know, we don't quite give you what you, you know, if what we might think is working, you got to come back anyways. Or we grant 10, but really they only need five. So should I, if somebody comes up with the same scenario, should I figure out the. I mean, you probably get the recorded plot of the property itself and know exactly how many foot footage you're going to have from the setbacks door you know off the bat. That way when you're however you're going to word that they'll know exactly what size trailer can go there from the jump before that I guess before you have to even come to us. You might not even need a variance if you're. If the setbacks, I guess wherever the properties recorded at is if you would need like a 20 foot setback versus if it's a five, you would know that before you would come to us. You could tell them exactly what would link the trailer they would need you maybe just move it forward more without having an comfort variance. I would probably just start there and find out exactly what the properties recorded as with the you know the details of the lot size and then I would look at that that way. What's not per se a lot is all combined into my property. But I don't have a trailer lot. The trailer was my daughters in my yard. Yeah, well then I would I guess that I would then I would measure off the I would measure off the the setback from the back of the property line and then in the term if that's you know if it's if it's a five foot difference between being compliant for 80 foot trailer. If it was moved up and not being compliant and you could come back for a five foot variance or if it may fit if you just moved it up you may not need a variance. But I would measure off the setback was currently coded as today before you would you know to determine that what I would. I would say that I mean even but it's it's not it's not it's on more than one size. I think it's not. You don't want setback. Yeah, I'm only worried about the ones face more bonds again. Well, I mean, but if you have to come off the rear setback then it could encroach on the front with the street and everything on the setback and easement or anything like that. So that's why lindie saying if we if you get the measurements to make sure what exactly can fit there and if you do need a variance then it's a lot easier to say look. I'm going to run with the front setback and I just need two feet for the setback on the rear. That's what I come back to y'all. I mean, I know that's the every not 30. Yeah, no, no, go. Yeah, me. Just to kind of remind in the previous ones because councilman Shumpheim has asked they did come they had what their plat was what their dimensioning was and what they were asking. And so I think that's one of the things that I remember one being a hardship. I think something had burned down and when they were trying to put back. Didn't so that was one of them. But I would as you you mentioned that this is all part of one lot that there was a trailer and it was all part of your property. Well, home there and we share the driveway. Okay, so now you have separated that property for sale. The property that you lost the sale. She had the property today is listed for sale. The whole thing with her house. Okay, so what they're trying to do is if they bought the whole thing, would they be able to put another trailer on that same one. I don't think anybody's ever come to us with that kind of a wood. No, it's not to sell a lot for a trailer. Okay, so the home is somebody be able to put a trainer. Yeah, so when we've had so if you're going to be putting a trailer on that same piece of property. The one that I recall there was one I think downtown sometime again they brought what their plan was. What the dimensions of everything else that was on that house and what they would have in between. So we've never done one of the what ifs. It's always been that they came to us and said this is the size trailer that we're going to put. This is what's existing on the lot and this is what we need and we had something in writing. So that is what we had on the previous where you guys did grant a variance. I do know one it was to one was to replace one was an additional one on a large lot that they had multiple. I think we were working our attention was to work with the buyer and have the buyer make the case as opposed to just a speculative like what if. And then you know scenario that's that's all of your microphones are on by the way and this Monica it could be as easy as taking what was provided to us. Blown it up a little bit and just putting the rectangular. Well I have a flat on the okay and I mean you can write the dimensions from there on that and submit it back to Garrett and I was in gear. We want to see this. But I don't know. It'll still be rejected for the reason you know it's not going to have I don't see a scenario where it's going to have 30 feet and all. And we'll not have 30 feet. So then. Yeah so which is one after 23 years you're not grandfathered in or I mean is there. Unfortunately no if I mean because of age requirements and stuff of mobile homes and what laws of passing everything on those. You have to be a certain age on them we have requirements on like Pam said setbacks and all that so it doesn't infringe on other property owners and stuff. But not to say that a variance cannot be granted in certain situations. It's just not enough information for us and I can't give anymore because I'm just going on this scenario that just happened. I'd be if they're still interested maybe have them you know. That's what I'm before coming because they were going to try to meet me here but they've already found something else as of now. The last the last prospect they moved on. Yes because it's she's coming from Cancro and her husband her spouse died and she's a widow and needs to get out because it was his property. So in the daughter said it would have been perfect right here because she's the middle town they write their grandmothers there and you know. But I understand I think you have a beautiful house and I think you let me just so if this comes up again can I just contact. Not Garrett but why not. Well you know I'm seeking direction really from the council and I can only I can only permit what what is they allow. I can get the footage and the measurements and. Yeah here is my cell phones on their emails on their. Feel free to send it to me I will even distribute it to the council for does can you have for them to see and if. If there's a variance request we can go through the mayor's office to put it on the next agenda or something. I think the point we're looking at is that even if she comes back with a lot of size no matter what that there is no 30 there's not going to be a 30 feet. So I guess the realistic is that you come back to us and it's you know I think if it's within reason that we can you know we can make that work and even it might be a very small trailer that's possible. We can look at it but if it's you know if it's still if we're looking for like a 25 foot easement variance that's going to be really hard to push like we can give some slide but I don't I don't know that. I would say that within reason I would say if you if you if you looked at the lot saws in you know I said lot saws but that particular one area for the trailer and you know you ever get it you thought that a reasonable amount would be. You're only asking for five feet or something something within reason and that by be something we can entertain but I don't know that I personally could. That's that's it's just extremely small the way that the layout is and then I'm looking at it from the road frontage coming in on the gravel drive. Anyway well like you said that's like information I hope I want to get the measurements you can come back and we can. Maybe work something out with that's trying again it's not going to be of this correct you scenario comes up and maybe Taylor you're at say small trailer maybe put and then it's up to them to come to us instead of you. It would depend on the size of the trailer they want to put I was just trying to help anything you know I know I know. Well I'm going to hope you get a good. Well thank you I'm even thinking of zoning for commercial it's like I'm surrounded by businesses you know what do you do what do I do for that. I think I think you would have a receptive council here because of the location where that where it is next to an existing business it's on a great road. I don't know I also think it's a great house and I know you have a pool and other things so how long have you been on the market. Probably now about six months been with the real to for about four. It's not. Maybe have people looking but. As a materialized it. Yeah so okay so if I do zone for business I come back and present the city. Well the scenario I mean I like tell me if you all object but I think they possibly could be an appetite you know for that I mean you know as well because I think you're in a location that could favor that as well. I mean business does have there is a buffer requirement with that as well so I don't want to mislead you but. Right and what do I find this out to the all well I can we I can work with you on that I mean if there's a prospect what I would do is have your real to perhaps updated and say that it's a residential could be. Possibly possibly a business as well you know contact for more information something like you know something to that. Because the proximity to the dance studio into the to the you know maybe that would open it up to other you know scenarios it could be an I don't know insurance office it could be other another use I never thought of it until you just mentioned. Yeah well I thought I just want to do with my mother right there but I mean we have the beauty shop we have the dog shop we have the VFW we have more bonds. I mean that business company everybody. Okay well I appreciate your time thank you miss mom thank you thank you thank you. Right a gin item 7.2 our lobbyist is here this evening Mr. Burrell he was we asked him our heat he actually asked to come and give us an update on the most recent legislative session as I know. Josh represents our interest in in Baton Rouge not just during the legislative session primarily during the legislative session but year round. Thanks for being here. Yeah thank you mayor and thank you council members most of you may know me but my name is Josh Burrell owner and operator state government relations. I have over 20 years of experience in a legislature working the legislature at the Capitol and 12 years as a lobbyist worked with Simone while she was a state rep there years back but I provided a handout to everyone. These were the projects that were passed in H.B. 2 this session as you can see there's two or six eight projects here ranging from Fortune Road the fire station. Jim and Metta Parkway which the mayor and I spoke about. I mean we've been speaking about it quite often so most of these projects and you can see if you if you run down the Excel spreadsheet on P1. Total is about nine million four hundred eighty thousand dollars that was passed this session. P five was around thirty nine million seven hundred eighty nine thousand five hundred fifteen and then you have a total for each project and then if there was any cash because sometimes in H.B. 2 that they do plug in cash dollars for caprily projects. That was not the case this year but we did receive cash money in the supplemental bill which was House bill seven eighty two for six hundred thousand for the water and road infrastructure and H.B. 7 to two. Most of these projects have already been approved by the bond commission that met in July of the bond commission meets every month and typically right now when session ends and H.B. 2 is passed in June and finalized. Bond commission and the administration will start you know looking over all these projects seeing what they can afford because typically H.B. 2 is over funded this year it was as bad as last year over funded last year more than three hundred million this year was a hundred twenty million. So the administration has to decipher what projects can move forward and what bonds they want to sell for the projects that were that were passed in H.B. 2. So most of these projects like I said we're already passed in the July bond commission I did speak with Taylor Barbara on Monday I've shared that conversation with the mayor. It looks like our shimmering a parkway project we're still waiting to get bond approval on the two point three million dollars. Texas Taylor today he did say that they're looking at possibly putting this on the September bond commission for the P.1 approval. And in not answering questions that you may have. I just added a little bit more context first of all Josh it's a pleasure working with you you do a phenomenal job with us it's a pleasure you know year around working with you. Everything we've asked for is really at some phase come is in some state of fruition the relevancy of Shim and Metry Parkway getting that one accelerated of course this is as you all know the the guillot Shim and Metry round about. We have full design plans already completed on the shelf right now for a second circulating lane to rebuild that entire intersection with the second circulating lane in concrete. So that is going to be such a you know that'll be a transformational project as we continue to grow south of Shim and Metry with a lot of the development that's happening between Dayton and Dayton and he had you know south of Shim and Metry. So that's that's kind of the urgency with that you know particular request to try to help you help us get it through the bond commission. We do have some money available from last year but it's just unfortunately not enough so we're seeking this to add to it so we'll be in the right you know posture to put it out for competitive bid. The timing really is you know still kind of working out because we are working in Pam will tell us I mean when she gets when we get to report on the Valesco crossing extension and we really had desired to finish that project first so sugar rich would have another outlet prior to our start of construction on that project. I'm a besides just that the other P1 fortunes that this money on fortune is really going to be adequate to do complete water and sewer along the the new fortune extension to Brusard and then the Shim and Metry I'm sorry the 89 improvements this is enough to come down probably somewhere copper copper field maybe. Okay so it's getting us further me on our goal is really to have a continuous project the project that's underway today is two years contract time for 89 and we hope as this additional funding comes available we're just going to keep moving down 89 south you know to get as close to this building as we can so. And as you know as funding for our match comes further available will work to move the priority five projects you know forward so any questions for Josh or for for myself. Yeah the good thing about you know these be five projects you already being approved by the commission then we can start working next session to move that money up P1 a lot of the projects last year that were passed they should be to they got bumped back down again so they had to restart again regarding P5 so they you know puts them behind almost two years. So this is a good sign that we've already got that approval we can start moving that money up with the help of representative Boye and Sinra Kusall. Well I think anybody would agree that I mean for us to put I mean you have here 32 million P5 and 9.5 million P1 our share of course is 25% of that so it's still a considerable burden or it's still a considerable lift on our local budget but you know to be able to make our 25% stretch this far is a work in progress helpful so. All right well Josh thank you to. Thank you mayor of the council before to continue in the progress thank you. All right Jen item 7.3. So authorize the mayor to execute an amendment to an agreement with the Katie and a Renaissance charter Academy. For an existing SRO position I just want to point out the amendment actually does two things one it's an amendment to our current contract to provide for I think. So lunch or something to that effect for the existing two SROs and then it is a it is a formalizing the details of a third McCrack way formalizing the request for a third which you did include in the budget that you recently passed. So I'm sorry motion by Councilman Romero and second by Mr. Bull's John is there any council comment or discussion. The city pays for the SRO salaries correct are the police department. How many kids go to this is for our. So we know that aren't young citizens are young. I don't know that number of hand I mean I can we can request that number with the this this is for a couple things about the SRO program. One is our in the in the agreement you're signing I think we are could pays is 55,000 per SRO. That is more than LPSS pays LPSS you know if him. Yeah LPSS is a lower amount but it has it has. I don't escalates the right word like 3% every year. It does not it does not pay any of the any taxes or are other related benefits with it so it's a partial basically a partial reimbursement. I don't know Arcus campus with the building that's opening this week the campus there has capacity for 4,000 students. So I would I would agree with you that a lot of them. Well I don't know I don't want to speculate but it's I think it's pretty safe to assume because they're able to take students from. You know anywhere it's a lottery system. That's a good question. We'll find out. We'll request the information. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. We budget through this too. Yes, Ms. Champagne. I have a few questions. The $55,000 that covers their entire salary just as hourly. That's what they, that's what they need 55th. That's what they need 55th. Catherine, do you know what the total benefits, what are their benefits at the city pays? I know we absorb the taxes on it. What else do we absorb, the city? We have emperors. Emperors, and how much is the percentage of emperors now? It's recently just going up to 35.6. 35.1. 36% 35.6% for retirement. So do you have a, do you know about what that would come to? I'm sorry. The taxes, what would be the total cost to the city per SRO? I guess we could do that. The person's here too, not to put her on the spot. She is. I'm sorry. Because you all, well, also these are also social security, right? Yes. There's other pay and benefits that are associated with the, I'm sorry. I guess I could ask. Chris. Christian. Can you come to the front please if you don't mind? I think she's been to a meeting. I say, oh, place. Welcome to the new council chambers. And so the taxes would depend. Pulled mine. Oh, if you don't mind. The taxes would depend on what the employee elects. So that's kind of hard to determine. I mean, did a ballpark it? I'm sorry. Can you push my. She's saying the hire in 13. Yeah, 13 to 18,000. Do they get supplemental pay also? They do. Is that included in the 13,000 that you just quoted? Yeah. Yeah, it would be. Yeah. Yes, it does. And the tax as well about. Okay. Well, it would be it would be the tax. We pay the taxes and in person on the supplemental pay. Yes, we're reimbursed. We're reimbursed for the supplemental. Yeah. From the state. Social security. On the sheet that you gave me earlier, 6.2%. Medic. Medic. I don't know if it's medicare. Medicare. Medicare. Medicare. Medicare. Medicare. Medicare. Medicare. Medicare. I don't know if it's medicare. Medicare. I apologize. It's 1.45. Okay. And the city's also responsible for insurance benefits. Yes. Yes. Probably about $500 roughly. It's roughly $500 either. 500 for single coverage. Per month, right? Yes. 6,000. Okay. Thank you. And we just for referendum. We had been taking that it's 3% escalation on the LPSS. Yes. Yes. Open. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Is that available to the office or salary for LPSS compared to? Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. So Arca's 55,000 is compared to 53,574 LPSS. Thank you. Thank you. What's on the floor is a motion to authorize me to amend the contract to provide for the budgeted SRO that you have in place today. Oh, there was my apology. Any lady public comment? We've passed it. Okay. You said here every year? I don't recall if Arcas goes up 3% every year, but LPSS does. Arcas does not. Okay. Any other comments? Okay. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraiz. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Cree. Ms. Chalvine. Yes. Motion approved. All right. 7.4. Discuss potential modifications to the Young'sville Police Department fund budget for an increase in vacation days as adopted by the Young'sville Municipal Civil Service Board. Council, I put this on the agenda tonight simply as an FYI to make you aware because the Young'sville Civil Service Board is allowed to make modifications to the leave policy, including paid and unpaid time off for classified positions in the Young'sville Police Department. So recently, the Young'sville Civil Service Board met and there was an adjustment made to vacation days. So I'm not requesting any action from this evening. I'm just letting you know that it may be something that we have to bring back at a later date for a potential budget modification if it's necessary. The change in vacation, basically there's a state laws, my appreciation, that officers have to get 15 days of vacation. And now that we're classified as a large municipality in the Louisiana Police Civil Service statute, so we were previously at 144 hours. The state civil service board made a modification to move that to 180 for one to five years of employment. And the other change that I see that took place at that time was administrative employees. Their vacation hours were increased from 96 to 180, six or more years, 144 to 216. So in essence, my appreciation of it is everyone is the same across the board with it now. It's kind of hard to quantify what that could potentially be, which is why I don't have a specific of you this evening other than just to share it with you in that that's an area that will monitor and see if it needs to be, if we need to make modifications to that particular line in the budget in future months as we progress further into the fiscal year. Mr. Bulljana. Yeah, I had a question. Chief, the vacation hours for the police officers. I was looking at the civil service laws compared to what our fire service law or I know ours is slightly different. We're at 219. This is 216. So I can understand the increase to be more compliant, us per the law. But I had called some other agencies in the area comparison to us. And no one that I found in the comparison to the far from as well, the admin hours is matching the officers almost identical as far as the vacation is every reason why. I don't. As far as the just the admin hours. Yeah, like they're basically it removes the incentive to be an officer. All together. I mean at the other point the hours of vacation being implied towards an administrative position is going to replicate identical to the officer. So your administrative position, whatever we're talking about, like a detective, right. There are eight hours, which is the reason we matched the time because if we had a situation when I got here where we had a detective that was an eight hour employee that went to patrol. Right. So that's why we just went 180 across the board. It's not about really incentive for vacation. It's the amount of hours that equate to the days that they want. In other words, like I said, let's go back. Patrolman is a 12 hour employee. Yeah. Gets 15 days. Yeah. 180 hours. We had one where we had employees swap. He went from patrol to patrol. Yeah. So that's why we just went 180 across the board. It's not about really incentive for vacation. It's the amount of hours that equate to the days that they want. In other words, like I said, let's go back. Patrolman is a 12 hour employee. Yeah. So that's why we had employees swap. He went from patrol to detectives. Now he is an eight hour employee who everything's changed. Now we have to recalculate his hours because he actually has less vacation hours now. So we just did it 180 across the board. That way it's the same. And it's not a it's not a change if they change positions. So would this be classified for an hour person that's post certified or eight hour person in general. Say that again. Would this be classified for an eight hour employee in general or an eight hour employee that's post certified. It's an officer like an detective who's person who is post certified. You classify into that or since pretend to an eight hour employee in general across the board. This was a eight hour employee across the board. Right. It's like a secretary. We get the same hours of vacation that someone who works shift work does. Right. Right. I call Bruce or Karen Crow Scott and do so on. And none of them of the admin secretaries and any positions within office. Registered of that. Like none of them. Everybody who in that position would get the same center two weeks vacation like everybody else. So similar to the fire chief or his secretary here. They get the two weeks vacation and then you get a lot of so many extra hours after that. I was just curious because I called around because I've never. I've never seen that. But also after doing some research it seems like the state law and the civil service law conflict each other. So it seems like even if state law says something civil service law. With our civil service work and this could come in and make up their own law and do whatever they want, which is kind of conflicting for us as a city council. So I'm just trying to. Understand this a little bit better. Sorry. Or are you mind coming up. For those who don't know, Lori is the head of our civil service. Or secretary of college. I did not know I messed that up. Are you doing good? Thank you. I did talk to one of the other members who's not here tonight. He wasn't in the air. Mr. Held. I guess I wanted to clarify what the intent of the three person board was. If it was to make sure that everybody in the department was at 15 days off. Or was it to make sure that everybody's going to get 180 hours? The intent of the board was to make everyone consistent. Their time is calculated by hours. And when they take time off is calculated by hours. And they had employees who were not just in the secretary or recourse clerk's position. They may work SRO. So if they're on patrol, let's say they start on patrol. And then they would move to an SRO position. They're losing over 40, I think 49 hours of vacation. So it would swap in back and forth. And it was just mainly just to keep time consistent across the board. I guess, you know, always crunching numbers. So my concern is that just ballparking numbers on Monday, when I heard about this, it was about 40 to 45,000 a year. Is what the city was going to have to pay when you have eight hour employees compared to 12 hour employees. And from a chief from head of the department, if you have someone going from one to the other, you know, the employee just needs to understand, hey, I'm either gaining hours or I'm losing hours by taking a different position or being reassigned position. This is taxpayer money that is frivolously being thrown out the window. And I was the one person I did, Dr. Mr. Held, he was under the impression it was we're proven the days, not knowing that there was a difference with the eight hours and 12 hour employees, probably about 40% of the department is eight hour employees, maybe 35%. 20, 20, 20, 20. 20, 20, 26, eight hour employees. Eight hour employees, right now, 20. And the rest are all 12. Oh, so it's more like a 70, 30s, but probably or something like that. I personally, what I was going to suggest to y'all, and I'm sure the other council members are going to have something to say. And it's not berating y'all or anything like that. I get what the intent was to make things a little smoother and easier. But this budget is the tightest budget we have. The tax can't even cover 60% of what this budget is annually. We have to dip into lace, general fund, other avenues, the LPSS paying for it, or a campaign for stuff. So my suggestion was going to be for the board, maybe hopefully to meet again and revamp. Maybe that motion to where it's a, we're approving 15 days. I'm all for everybody getting the time off. But administrative wise should figure out how to dictate the hourly of an eight hour time off compared to a 12 hour time off. And if they're switching from one to the other, that's going to follow on the chief of police, deputy chief. You know, whoever's handling that to make sure they're clearly telling that person, hey, this is what you're getting off. This is what you might gain. This is what you might lose. I mean, if someone's going from patrol to SRO, you got to take the good with the bad. You know, like, I mean, hey, you're getting a good, sweet gig, you know, working in a school, a lot less, you know, probability of, you know, gunfighter, other stuff, but you're going to lose a little time off. I disagree with the gun fight part. That's why that's why we're there. Well, you know what, Cody, I'm going to disagree too that, you know, 45 to 50,000 or more dollars being thrown out by a simple act is ridiculous. That's a simple fact of the line of my apologize. I've got kids in schools and I'm in and out of the schools all the time and I haven't heard of one gun fight at the school. In Young'sville. So I'm just leaving that. Should I suggest that the board that they go back to the original rules and only, um, change the hours of the police officers that work 12 hours shift. I mean, it's a part of the ground. Everybody is supposed to go from 12 days to 15 days in the department or is it just. There was no, the rules that we had before were set in place before I ever started working here. Yeah, this was set in place in 2013. Okay. So we had to we had to change to large municipality and the officer state examiner is the one that told the board us that we had to go to 15 days times 12 is what a patrol officer works. Took a long time to get, you know, all this back and forth with the office, the officer state examiner. But do I need to tell them that we need to go back to what the original keep at admin like it is and up up patrol officers? Well, I mean, my my thought would be that based on what the examiner's are telling you is that the 12 hour employees should be 15 days. Okay. So that probably should have been what it is anything else for any other eight hour employees probably needs to come via the chief to the council for a budget amendment. I think that's really essentially that's what it is. I mean, it'd be like Tim's department decided to say, hey, instead of eight hour employees, they're all going to be 10 hour. We're going to pay them a little bit extra without, you know, getting the budget, getting it approved. And I don't think the intent was ill will by any means by you three. I think you're just trying to be clean and clean things up. Yeah, because this started this started probably us working on the new rules maybe last August. So around that time, I don't want this to come as a I'm attacking you. No, no, no, I don't or that I don't agree with any of these people getting the time off. I just when I hear that it's, you know, everybody is going to be more of a hourly quantitative instead of, hey, this how many days you get. And you still get the 15 days if it's all across the board, but the eight hour employees are obviously getting less hours for the 15 days compared to the 12 hour employees for 15 days. There's a big gap there. Okay. And I don't know if it can go back in front of the board. Yeah, the way we have another agenda item. And look, I'm only one person speaking up here about it right now. I know Lindy said his part. So. Oh, you're in four. Let's see. Yeah, it's okay. We'll go to miss shop. Let's see. Just a second miss shop. Thank you. I agree with Matt and Lindy comments. Do we need a motion to request that the board civil service board meet to discuss this item? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I didn't like I meant this is other business require no action to discussion. But if in the event you want to discuss it in the next meeting, you're free to do so and put it on the agenda at the next meeting. Okay. Our next board meeting is not until October. October 31st. Okay. So we can put it on that agenda and have discussed the hours of just maintaining police officers, kids. Those 15 days. Right. Are we talking about 12 hour days for 15 days for 12 hour employees? Yes. Okay. I know that the SROs when they're not in the schools in the summer, they're put on patrol. But I don't know that we could justify enough to say that they're considered 12 hours employees because really they're whole schedule is justified on school. School hours. So I would keep it to the 12 hours employees just because that's just the standard customary. I know espera call all ago, but I think it's just the customary vacation days a lot of 12 hour employee. Okay. So I'm sorry. No, just what I have. So in the interim, we're not taking action on this. Kristen will not take action on either. That's just what I want to what I want to what I want to bring up. I mean, my appreciation of it is that civil service rules have the have the same effect as law. I mean, the states that you does give that authority to the to the young civil service board. However, I mean, with with that said, I did ask the state examiner myself. I said, well, what happens when? You know, how does this work now? Because I mean, I certainly want to be in compliance. And I think we, I'm sure I can say everyone we certainly want to be in compliance. I mean, there are there are new rules as we have grown in populations. So I don't think I don't think we can nor would we dispute 15 days, you know, for that. You know, and I think the way it's been and I think the way it still is is that it's tiered, you know, after that it's six years. You have an incentive as you work more out as you have a greater tenure. I think that's great. I think the concern that I've just heard individually from my colleagues on the council is that we either need to figure out a different way to keep track of occasion time within our system. Because there are examples of where, you know, someone becomes unavailable to fill in at a school and someone's coming off of patrol. It's a it's a very at times fluid situation. So there has to be something that's fair to the associates when they are moving back. I mean, perhaps there's a system within Tyler where where it could be the vacation. You aren't so many hours per hour's worked, but it would be not less than a total of the equivalent of what 15 days would be. So, you know, I don't know. I don't know the system. I do know that it's a frequent conversation within the office when someone's fluctuating between patrol and eight hours. I think I think the issue here in part is the fact that the majority of the department is working eight hour eight hour shifts now. So I think that's what brought the concern not necessarily or not entirely the difference between administrative. We're referring to administrative because that's how it's set up in the previous rules that just kind of got carried over. I think the concern that I heard was more of its majority of the department's eight hours. So why does that matter? The only reason it would really matter would be if someone really, you know, departs the department and there's a payout and you're getting paid out the equivalent of 12 hour, 12 hours days when you may have not really worked that. So state, state examiner office. I mean, they are there is a tool. I think they recognize that it's, you know, the rules of civil service boards are do you have the effect of, do you have the effect of law? I mean, ideally they're they're worked in conjunction with the governing board that's doing the budget to work hand in hand to some extent, you know, recognizing the position that they have and they are looking out for, you know, their, their task with civil service board does have a lot of a lot of responsibilities and a lot of, you know, a lot with it. Brought them to that point was and if you just leave out secretaries and records clerk and just keep them at what they are, I think it was just a huge morale decline whenever you you may not want to go to S or but you get put there you might not want to be in traffic, but you get there and you come off the road and you go to those positions. You're not only lose. You're you're getting an eight hour day, you're only losing eight hours a month in hours of pay, which are taking almost a 50 hour lick and vacation benefits. So, so I mean, Mr. Ponte answer your question and I'm already thinking ahead because I mean we like tomorrow is a payday so I've had to make decisions on how to handle situations. So, so a real scenario that's that's happening now is we have we have some some members of the department that if I don't make the adjustment for them to 180 they're simply not getting they're not getting paid. I've already made a decision to do that to be in compliance with state law. So, you know, what how do we do this, you know, moving forward? I think that's that is a question. I mean we have I think I've taken I think we've addressed the immediate scenarios that I that as I appreciate them. But I'm sure I'm just not thinking of all of them, you know, throughout this or. Hey Laura, is it possible for y'all to have a emergency meeting? Is that does that I mean I don't know I know Mr. Hell is not here. Special meeting. Okay. And you know I mean again it's if that's possible then maybe y'all can act on it you know a little quicker to reclareify the intent you know exactly what it is. I mean we do it all the time. You know we make a motion is it shall or should you know those can be taken very different you know how you make motions and. The other thing is like the mayor said I know y'all usually email his office on anything that happens on y'all's agenda. I would I would suggest and this is just my suggestion if it's anything financial implication please copy every council member or maybe Nicole where she can disseminate to all of us. That way we're releasing the loot on it. You know I don't I think we've talked to y'all more in this last six months a year than I have in the 10 years I've been on council. I think you are doing you know a great job which I'll do. I know it took a lot for you to get up here and probably talk and go back and forth but uh yeah I mean if that's possible that that would be my suggestion is try to have it quicker and that way it's a little easier for the mayor's uh for the payroll. I mean just because I mean my members of my team here Kristen are you are there scenarios that I need to like better you're going to hit me with tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So essentially we're going to. Yeah. So essentially we're going to pay the one eighty two. Well which is. I think we can handle scenarios. I mean in the meantime and if given the opportunity I'm going to always I'm going to air on what's. There's a law there's a rule passed. We do have funds in the budget we would that would require a minute later so I'm going to I think I'm unless I'm direct that otherwise I'm proceeding the way it is. If the civil service board decides to take a look and revisit it. I think we would we would sounds like we would welcome some of that and maybe if you if you do before the next agenda maybe it can just be on there as a hey just heads up it's been taken care of or this is what's happened by the three panel. Whether you all come or not to that I mean I think it's just more of an update for us. Okay. If that's happened. Let me let me take the opportunity to ask for any any public comment I think we've heard from the council that wants to speak. Certainly open the floor if there's any other comment. Questions. Yes sir. Thanks for it. Thank you. How you doing Mr. Lemberton. Sorry. Hurry up. I'll be brief I'm not as familiar with civil service law because my background is going out of the sheriff's office. My appreciation of the civil service laws is that the state examiner can give you advice give you direction. I don't think that there's any action they can take to compel you. Obviously if it's civil service law then someone could pursue enforcement of the civil service law. It's just from my experience and I don't know young's the old PD's policies but it just seems to me that it will be a much simpler process. If vacation time is converted to hours, regardless of your assignment, whether you're a 12 hour employee or an eight hour employee, if you get next number of hours based on your cost of your tenure, then irregardless of whether you're in an eight hour position or a 12 hour position, you're going to get compensated for that number of hours annually. I think when you offer days, and is that a matter of policy? No, I'm not sure. The reason it's going days to hours is because whenever you read the state statute, the state statute specifically says 15 days. So we're not implementing the days, the state statute says days, we in turn have to break it down to hours for those employees who are eight or 12. So that's not a labor law issue though because one employee has been in fitting form from more compensation. And that's what exactly what Laura was explaining. Whenever you read the statute itself, it says any employee after one year of service shall get 15 days, which is then when we in turn have to dictate it as are you a 12 hour employee at 180 hours or you ate an employee at 120. We're given the days and the statute, not the hours. I give you a complete. If it shall, shall can be objected in a quarter of law or maybe it should be addressed. The ledges laterally shall shall shall. Yes, shall is now. Yeah, regardless. I mean, I don't know that I don't know the limitations. I mean, we have a pretty sophisticated system. So I just don't know if there's a way to. We're open. Look, this is a, this is a result of becoming a large municipality. I mean, this is a, this is I think just a question that. That right now, this is the topic, but I mean any other agenda item that we have tonight that we're discussing is really how do we scale our growth and how do we do it? And so, and I think the challenge is really because the department is becoming more heavy on the other side. I think everyone wants to be fair and equitable. Sure. You know, to everyone's just how do you do it? I think if you. I think that's probably just what my colleagues are saying that, you know, rather than just simply asking three, three members of a civil service board. Those are public meetings. We, anyone can go to them. And I think that's perhaps the opportunity that, you know, we should test those that are responsible for. I think that we should be able to do things that are going to determine the determination with that I would encourage if should they decide to meet again? That, that there's input because I do agree when there's more people, you know, that there's gotta, there's gotta be a solution that would probably be fair, you know, to everyone. But I do think that this one has come from. It didn't just drop from the sky. I mean, there's obviously been thought that's been put into it, you know, for some time. So. Yeah. Well, I appreciate the opportunity. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Any other comment? All right. Then we'll move on to the next agenda item. Lori, thank you very much for coming. Kristen, thank you as well. Resolution, resolutions 8.1, resolution 2024, 14. A resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute on behalf of the city of Youngsoal, the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, an act of substantial completion from J.B. And to the completion of a contract for the Youngsoal Sports Complex face to. Dax is here in us, steward from J.B. Muta. Feel free to come up. I know Dax put a. Has some information on your at your desk now. I'm on you had a question. So much on question. Oh, okay. I'll keep that in mind. Good evening. So I'm assuming you'll have a new agenda packet to let it at a road. Just a little quick. A couple of key points. Excuse me. Oh, my letter. We had a final inspection on the project. And by the way, this is a steward bill with J.B. Muta, who is the lead contract on the job. So thanks for coming steward. We had a final inspection. We've had several inspections. A project like this has many different elements to eventually get a punch list that's 50 items, down to 20 items, down to 10 items, until a point where we feel comfortable. Where we are tonight. But we had a final inspection. This past Thursday, July 25th. Several individuals walked the site. And as such, after looking at the punch list, how if you'd kept dwindling down myself, the other design colleagues, we have our sub consultant, Poche, who is the architect on the concession building and the amphitheater stage, as well as David Carroll, who is our electrical engineer sub consultant on the job. We felt that all the major items of the project have been sufficiently completed for the projects intended use along the city of Youngville to assume a session and begin occupying the premises. I will also add that on August 2nd, we met with the Louisiana State Farm Marshall, walked the site intently. And they gave us an acceptable for use occupancy. So that was the green light. So that was good news. In the pocket, we have a punch list. And that punch list is with the nice weather we're having the last day, the punch list has dwindled down to, to hurt anything. So that punch list had a value of about $68,000, which is only about a half a percent of the total project costs and their minor items. I will tell you one of the items in particular is about $24,000. It's just a piece of equipment that goes behind the stage for some of the power that's just, it's supposed to be coming in in the next. Day a two, it was an eight month lead period, so it's coming in and JB moved all certainly. They sell a couple of things to do, but the project is very polished. The only thing that we were kind of waiting on is what we call the cleaning in terms of pressure washing. And as I discussed with you, Mary, we kind of want to wait till we, till we, till maybe we have a grand opening or ribbon cutting, that way we can do it right before. Right now, a site like this was challenging is there's so much open dirt areas, fill out a bit of words that we're trying to get the grass to grow. And we also not getting rain right now. So that's something that I personally can live with because I read the project, look very polished when the public begins to take, take use of the facility. But a, a, a, a, a concessionaire has already begun to put all the equipment is in there virtually all the equipment. They might have a piece here there, but so they are beginning to occupy the space. So, so yeah, any questions that you all may have. I have the punch list. Many of the items I just noted tonight are done on the punch list because I went there again this morning. So any questions? Well, that doesn't surprise me with JB Moot's. Well, the weather has cooperated at the right time in the last two weeks or so. They've made a great effort. You know, on a site like this, we had a lot of concrete and I'm surprised we didn't have as much problems with cracks. Just, you know, but where we did, we did six and it's been, it's been a great process because that, you know, when we made these walkthroughs, you know, they, they, they saw cut it, saw cut, excuse me and removed them. These are the amount of concrete panels and with no conflict. So again, you know, thanks to JB Moot on their subs. It's been a great process. So, yeah. So we're requesting approval to theme the project substantially complete as of yesterday was the date of my recommendation. Turn it on later. So kind of some own motion, but I want to give Stuart the opportunity if you want to say anything. Yeah, I think that's a pretty good job of filling your in, but I want to thank you all about the church for the opportunity. We can get to that. I want to thank you all for the opportunity to work with your own sports complex. You'll be a great partner on it. And like that said, we're still polishing it up and we're going to continue to polish it up and make it as nice as we can. And even after we leave, if you'll need anything, we'll be around to help out with it. And the church is doing great to it. Just walk it this afternoon. It bricks are going up us out today. So church is on schedule and it's going to be like a really nice architecture feature to the city. I want our community to go walk inside the church. And what was amazing to me was it feels like it's twice the size of what you see the inside. So it's a really neat use of space. I was taken back by the size inside. And I had to go back outside and look at it as an away. And that's pretty neat. So great design. Well, thank you guys. Simone, I think you had a signal to motion to first substantial completion and the second by Councilman Barraz. Any council discussion? Any public comment? This is for to start the to deem the project substantially complete. So, you have to know public comment. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Barraz. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Miss Gerrero. Yes. Miss Cree. Yes. Miss Shampon. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. Thank you. And thanks, guys. Ordnance is for final adoption. Tonight there's one. A 9.1 is ordinance 49 to 2024. In ordinance of the city council. The city of Young Zoo authorizing the mayor of the city of Young Zoo Louisiana to execute a franchise agreement with that most energy corporation. Motion. Is it for sale? No. Motion approved. Motion approved. I will buy. Volgiano, second by Romero. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Yes. Miss Baraz. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Miss Kree. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. golf carts and slow moving vehicles. I can tell you the highlights of it. I'll give the chief an opportunity to speak to it as well. As Council as you guys know, and as the public is probably aware, we're really probably at about the 10-year anniversary of the city's ordinance pertaining to golf carts and slow moving vehicles. And I know there's a difference, or maybe saying it wrong, slow moving and low-speed vehicles. With the proposed introduction, the proposed introductory ordinance does is removing any reference, or any regulation to the slow moving vehicle, or the low-speed vehicle, and really just referring to the state statute on that particular component. And it's narrowing the focus of our existing ordinance to be one that's really focused on golf carts. Reason why golf are the slow moving vehicles or the low-speed vehicles, just because I don't know the right one. Those are generally able to be licensed by the Department of Motor Vehicles with a license plate. There's a then number. There's a state statute dealing with regulations, components of that. And as you all know, I mean, this current ordinance put, imposes, extra-regulate regulations from the city that require a home visit to inspect the vehicle. You've recently changed that to extend that to every two years. But from my perspective, at least, we're just removing the regulation on the vehicles that are permitted by license plate, VIN numbers, et cetera, by the state. So the ordinance is set up for you tonight, really, just references that state statute. Yeah. So I put a copy of the state statute. But we've been advised statute 300,000, which completely speaks of actual low-speed vehicles, which a purchase says a regular vehicle. City gets the tax on it like any other vehicle they purchase. It's registered, inspected, and opposed to the same standards of your ordinance as far as license, driver, insurance, regulations, and everything as far as I can. So all this would do would be removed that low-speed vehicle from the ordinance currently. Allow that to be completely governed by the 300.1, which is specifically for those vehicles, but still keep the spirit of your ordinance allowing your golf courts that meet the actual regulations that you guys put in place to continuously ride it and hold to those stipulations. Like he said, the low-speed vehicles get a little more freedom as far as crossing in certain areas, but it's all dictated in the statute. And it's very clear and concise on everything. And then the golf courts, again, is an actual vehicle that is not meant for the road that is actually prohibited in the state statute from being a road unless, in that statute, a municipality creates an ordinance such as you guys did. OK. Thank you, Chief. Mr. Ameri. And you might not have the answer now, but do we have an idea how many slow-moving vehicles we have registered in Young'sville? I know not all golf courts and slow-moving vehicles are registered, but I don't know. But I'll look into it tomorrow. I don't know if there's an easy way for us to pull that. I'm sure Dawn can probably go through her reports. I don't know if there's a way. I don't know her tracking of them. I can see how piggyback Rookwood could also take those low-speed vehicles who were going through in the top process of registering like a vehicle, get a inspection sticker, to not have to get an additional fee of a... Just trying to separate those. And the only reason I asked is I'm curious because now that we're potentially going to separate the two after about six months seeing how that happens with these vehicles crossing in certain areas, because the one area I've always envisioned allowing any golf cart is where Sherwin Williams goes to T-Mobile, I guess. Is that right across? Verizon, sorry, Verizon. Yeah, right there. Speed limit being reduced, crosswalk, now this is going to give us a little eye-opening, seeing the slow-moving vehicles that are similar to golf carts. And being allowed to do it, just in my vision of looking in the city, since I've lived here, I think it's mostly the golf courts and not I'd even see a ton of slow-moving vehicles. I think it's very hard to see. And I think the state law dictates that you can't just cross a road. I think you have to cross it in intersection. At an intersection? Yeah, and that is an intersection. That's a street there. This is not an intersection. That's not an intersection. That's a cross in the middle of a median. It's not an actual roadway intersection. Right, it's specific in the statute. As has to be at an intersection, I'll give you a quarter of a mile, I believe, to travel in that. So yeah, that's not considered an intersection. That's just considered a crossover on the medium. So they still couldn't cross that. That's the statute. Speed also. Yeah, speed of the roadway. I'll support it probably. I'll know. I'll reduce in that speed. Yeah, that's right. You can't be. I think I understand your point, though. It's that perhaps there's other potential, other modifications. I haven't become, I haven't familiarized myself with newer rules on golf cards since we did enforce, since we adopted this 10 years ago. But if there is more allowance provided by the state for a local government on those vehicles, then perhaps you do have the opportunity. I don't know what they all are. So all right, any other council comment? Any public comment? We don't have motion. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm motion. All right. I'll second. All right, motion by Ramero. Second by Volgiano. Any public comment? All right, no public comment. The statute is called a vote for introduction. Ms. Barrett? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Ms. Shalvan? Yes. Motion approved. 10.2. Ordinance 493-2024. Ordinance of the City of Youngsoil, Louisiana. Authorizing the City of Youngsoil to sell certain, immovable surplus property located 3014th Street, Youngsoil, Louisiana, which is not needed for public purpose. I'll move. Okay, motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Ms. Creed. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? There was a water well previously at this site that was, we've abandoned that water well several years ago. That was a shallow well. And now that we have three new wells that are deep water, that are going to be feeding our new water plant, we really don't have a need for it. So we're just looking at the process to surplus immovable property, because as you know, we'll have other properties that I think will have the same opportunity for. That the city owns. So, all right, Ms. Creed, a Joe comment or no. That was just sorry. All right, any public comment? Did I have a motion? All right, Ms. Giger, is called the vote. Ms. Barras? Yes. Ms. DeBagiana? Ms. Romero? Ms. Creed, yes, Ms. Shalvan? Yes. Motion approved. 10.3 Ordinance 494-2024 in ordinance of the City of Youngsoil, Louisiana. I'm in the chapter 24 utilities, section 24 110, building sewers and connections relative to sewer specifications. Terry or Susan can tell us what we're doing if you have life, but if you have any questions about it. Thank you. So Amanda, who does locating for Youngspell, she was having a lot of problems locating the forced mains with how we were calling for it to be traced with tracer wire. She couldn't pick up the signal. So she did all the research in conjunction with CG Logan and they found this marker system that they felt would work really well. And the developers don't seem to have a problem with the cost of it. So we're recommending we put it into the ordinance so that it's a requirement of all the developments. I think Susan, Amanda, I apologize. I didn't know that you proposed anything that you like to add. I'm not going to be in the summary of questions like that. Yeah, the long one. The utility team works hard to ensure that all the lines are marked properly out in the field and part of the big component of that is ensuring as we acquire new infrastructure through private development that everything's marked properly, preventatively, to save issues potentially in the future if they go out in the lines. The accuracy, a lot of prevention can go into place before we record the final plots. So, Mayor, one thing I'd like to say about Amanda, she's real inter-work and she takes the prodding what she does and does a really good job in any time that information is needed. She has it, so my coos out. I agree. I agree. Thank you for bringing it forward, Amanda. All right. All right, motion by Mr. Romero and second by Ms. Barras. Any discussion, any public comment? Okay, Ms. Kidjury, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Cree. Yes, Mr. Romero? Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Barras? Yes, motion approved. Are you playing good? All right. For announcements this evening, I'm going to yield my time initially at least to Haley, to update us on an initiative she's been working on. Yeah, thanks, Mayor. So, I just want to let everybody know about an event that we've been working on in the Mayor's office. August 30th through September 15th, we are going to be doing each suite restaurant week. So, we have, we've already got about 12 restaurants that have signed on, and I expect a lot more of the deadline is Monday, so I expect more to come. But basically, we're going to ask everyone to get their little passports out, which I'll be providing closer to the event, and you're going to go around and visit our restaurants, eat in our restaurants, and we've got some great prizes, all of the restaurants are contributing gift cards that we will basically after you go get stamped at a certain number of restaurants to be determined, based on how many we have participating. You'll turn in your passport the week after, and we will be doing prize drawings for gift cards for all of the restaurants that are participating, as well as we are very grateful to the Chidamatcha Tribe of Louisiana. They have donated a complimentary night's stay in Cyprus Bayucasino Hotel, along with a $400 gift card to Miss Celestor's Rest Stake House Restaurant. So some great prizes, and it's a great way to get out, support your local businesses, support your local restaurants, and eat sweet youngsville. Thank you, Hilly. All right, look forward to seeing that rolled out. And there is information already on the website, eat sweet youngsville.com, and then you'll also see lots of stuff going out on the city's Facebook page, and you'll see stuff going up into businesses, hopefully, in the next week. Thanks, Hilly. All right, Pam. Yeah, well mine's not as interesting out. Get to get to the side. Nobody's gonna get a prize, and nobody's gonna get to eat, but you will get to travel faster and safer in the future, so that's what I can do. So Highway 89, I'm sure you guys are noticing, they've knocked down some of the cane, they're preparing to do some, start doing the drainage on the east side of Highway 89, and then they will be paving on the west side, the temporary road so that we can shift traffic along. 75% of the drainage has been done on the fortune road roundabout, so there at the point now, it won't be long, you're gonna start seeing the parts of the roundabout come to light as we start shifting traffic. I do wanna remind people again, it is 35 miles an hour in the speed limit within the work zone, so please get the word out, so people could slow down. We have guys working, they're right at the edge of the road, as you've seen, and let's be cautious of our construction workers out there. We are also starting the Giatek for the Highway 92 Prescott, because we've been working on the design, and our Giatek technical engineer is gonna be in town, working on getting some Giatek technical borings for our payment design on 92 Prescott, Shemet Agriab, and also our Anselm Kooley Regional Detention Pond on the detention pond, the Giatek, and the shovel test archaeology is what's left on that project, and we are waiting to hear from the Corps of Engineers, and on any wetland issues we're trying to avoid. So that project's in pretty good shape, LaRuvia Road, final plans will be going in, they are signed and sealed, and gonna be going in on Monday, I just have to get the Mayor and I both need to sign the title sheet, but I wanna make sure nothing was changed before we sign that on our special paper, and so that we can send that in, so that is still on track to be bid in December. They've gotta get all of their money moved, and what's important is yesterday, I went to the Transportation Technical Committee of which the MPO did move funds from the old highway 89, we had some highway 89 funding in the MPO, but highway 89, as you know, as Mr. Borrell just said, that's being funded through Capital Outlay. So we had sat on that money, if you will, so nobody else could take for a project that was equal to or worse than the highway 89. We did need additional funding for LaRuvia, and that's being moved. So Councilman Shalpine, if you need to go that policy committee, we need to make sure that that vote gets finaled. So the Transportation Technical Committee moved, but whoever is going on behalf of the policy, make sure you vote for that money to be moved in the tip. 2024 roadway improvements, they've done patching and overlay on hawk. They are at the Lesco Crossing, they've got the subgrade, they're trying to dry out, they've already stripped everything, bringing everything to grade. So by next week, we will be doing the base work on the Lesco Crossing. So that's moving, the weather's been very cooperative, so that's moving real quickly. And then of course, the next road would be NESPKS force for overlay. And that's what I have no price. That's exactly right. We have a meeting with DOT tomorrow to discuss the utilization of some more credits, so we're trying to cash them in. So yeah, so Susan. Sorry, Susan, I should have asked you to stay out. So the Wastewater Plant, we have received the EQ approval, so we're gonna seek the water system authorization to bid, and we'll be going out to bid on that shortly. On pump station four, we are setting up the pre-construction meeting, so that's gonna be happening at the end of August. We received bids on pump station three upgrade on Tuesday. And the water plant, the notice to proceed is effective. Monday, they want to get started right away. So the estimated completion date is in September of 2025. The first thing they're gonna be working on is the ground storage tank, which will be right up on my various street, very visible. And the survey is underway for the Sugar Mill Pond pump station upgrade, the first phase, which is the force main. So that's it. So we'll be bringing pump station three award to you, hopefully at the September meeting, and then Wastewater treatment plan before the end of the year sounds like that. Yeah, potentially. Yeah, probably, probably bid at late September early October, I think. Okay. Yep. Any comments or questions, Pam or Susan? All right. Thank you. Tim. So far, sports programming, Sugar Beach volleyball that don't lead continues to summer lead continues. Our girls indoor volleyball will start practice. We had about about 64 teams for indoor volleyball. F and A football will start August 26 with about 78 teams. Our adult softball league will start next week with about 94 teams. And at the 10th of center, all the programming continues, but I think it's going to be maybe our fourth collegiate tournament. We'll be held September 13 through the 15th. It'll be you. Minnes will host two lanes, Southern Miss and a fourth team to be determined. And then for us, the, you know, the expansion, we're going and our maintenance personnel going through all the training for, you know, the HVAC, the building, the school boards, the lighting. And just a second, which you said, Mary, about JV Muteau, how great it was to work with them. And of course, always, you know, that's also. Yes. Absolutely. Yeah, with regard to the, with regard to the amphitheater, we are excited to be hosting the, the rotary clubs, up, patch at the park. Yeah, patch at the park. I forgot Jamie's our rotary president. Yeah, so we're excited about doing that. We also have some exciting things that we're looking at doing into the spring. And we're having conversations about the possibility of moving a spring and fall concert series. You know, there's any particular type of program that the public would like to see or activities. Doesn't necessarily have to be music-related, community-related. You know, could be, we've had inquiries for things like yoga, for food truck roundups. I mean, just a, just a variety of things. So what else? And that's the idea. OK. What do you want to do? Yeah. So anyway, we're open to certainly feedback about that, about how we can layer in programming that would be beneficial for your families. So all right. Thank you, Tim. I think I just had one other comment. August 27th, the council and I are calling a special meeting. And that is to, you recall at the last, our two council meetings ago, it was me, sorry, 27. It's a solicit feedback about the downtown area of Young Zville. We've had, in our opinion, a lot of wins, you know, lately in this particular area from St. Anne's Church, as I commented on earlier, to the downtown streetscape improvement, to Foster Park's ownership transition to the city and that revitalization, to, of course, the police and city hall, police prominent city hall here. And now we're having, you know, the connectivity to Fair Haven, Foster Park. So as you, as you, if you follow the council meetings, you know, we've had some development interest in that particular area of our community recently. So the council and their wisdoms asking questions about what's the best way to see, you know, that area developed, I mean, should it be limited, you know, it's a single family residential, should there be density, you know, new density requirements for getting a lot of interest in town homes, tryplexes, things that nature. We do have an ordinance that governs density, which would be, you know, townhouses and duplexes and things like that. But it is really a unique opportunity for us to, for the community to share feedback about how they would like to see that area developed in the future. So that's going to be, I think it's a Tuesday, August 27th, at 6 p.m., I don't believe, it's, while it's a special council meeting, I don't think we're intending to take any action that night, but based on feedback that day, the council will take it and perhaps do some, you know, do something in the future related to how we govern. So we're govern that area. Any announcements from the council? Chief, anything on your answer? Just, I think everybody's happy to have their kids in school. I am, because my grocery bill went down. But with that comes, you know, we're going to have offices in our school zones, moderner speeds, we ask everybody, leave early, give yourself enough time, and hope is life's hectic, but we need these school zones to slow for our children, make sure they're safe, not only in the school zones, but in our neighborhoods, we have kids waiting for buses that are on corners, we have groups of them, and a lot of areas, stop signs, this is solid poll. We just make sure we're doing the right thing for our children, make sure we're keeping these vehicle safety rules, texting and driving, all to a minimum. We have a lot of kids out every day, crossing roads, walking to school, like I said, as well as bus stops. So I just like everybody to keep that in mind. I mean, thank you, sir. Mr. Amerin. Yeah, I just wanted to thank Tim didn't talk about it, but all the World Series events we had and everything. I know we were at the breakfast for champions, which is probably your most prestigious event that we host, and the flattery that the mayor and our table was getting from China and Mexico team and stuff, how catered to them, and I mean, it seemed like everything went off without a hitch, so I commend y'all for continuing to do that and make it so great. It's phenomenal, it really is. And then the only thing I want to say is, to the three gentlemen that qualified for City Council and the three gentlemen that qualified for two places, good luck. I know you got a lot of work to do and hit the ground running hard, but good luck to y'all. All right, Terry, anything, any other council announcements, any comments from the public? I'll entertain a motion to adjourn. Motion by Mr. Bulls, Gianno. Second by Ms. Barras. All in favor? All right. Thank you so much meetings adjourn. Have a great evening, thank you.