fine. We have those in the units now but the in-car camera and body cameras come tracks to get under business all together. And specifically with the taser weapons that are included on this quote it does activate as soon as the taser is pulled from the holster which is a shift to what has historically happened which can help the police department to measure true de-escalation of situations just because some things pulled out doesn't necessarily mean it gets utilized. And so all of a sudden you'll have all of that data at your fingertips on how training is effective and what exactly is happening on the scene because all cameras will turn on. There's also a bracket that will go into the duty weapon as well. So if a firearm is pulled cameras will automatically activate not just the taser. Awesome. Okay. So I don't know who's in the best position to answer the question. How much are y'all asking for the budget to be amended? Do you have any thoughts? Just do the full amount for the first payment. I see one of them's not due to a February 2024 but you can just carry over for next year's budget is the 269 269 896 dollars and 90 bucks. Correct. Correct. Would these new numbers yes? What's the difference between this budget and the next budget? Like how much how much would carry over? The whole amount. The 269 on? Yeah. Okay. So the 138 plus the 94 is the 232 but what's the difference? 222 is the 232. The 138 91331. I included the 138 and the 23. Those are both 2023 plus the next year of the 107. That gives you the 169. That's cool. We're going to show fun. Yeah. What is our current budget for this year? What was our current budget for this year for this this type of equipment that's not working? Right. And I'm sorry. I probably didn't clarify myself. What did we pay last time? What was that budget item for the budget that we spent last time? Because this one's going to be 836,000 total. So do you know what the total was that we spent prior to this? Right. And then we had to purchase our own servers and then pay CBM to how much it now we won't have to do that. Okay. This is combined. It's not with contracts. Were they? So now this is everything. This is everything on the one. So you'll have everything in with one agency. I don't think you won't have as the red or which is still with them. Okay. And just wonder if we have their tasers now. We have the tasers now. So. Now y'all, do we turn those in when we switch over? How does that work? I'm currently from all of you with the TASR. Right. Because there's this compatible. Okay. Yeah. So he has discounts on there to effectively buy back those tasers to