different things to want to drain it away, but it's going to have, I think if they put stuff in there, the, the, the variance for that five feet is not a problem. If in fact, everybody understands what they can or cannot do in that five feet, does that make sense? When you have 20 feet, you have a lot more room around to collect your drainage if that's what you want to do, but if not, you just have to make sure all your drainage goes to the center and that nothing and it's just a, it's like a five foot green space, basically. So just, I guess, just to be more succinct, I think, in what I was trying to communicate to you early right now, the ordinance for low density is 20 on all four sides. Correct. What your developer here is asking for us to reduce the rear setback to five and to reduce one, the north side setback to five in the south side setback to 10. That's correct. There's no, there's no change on the front because I mean, you would, you know, yeah. That's correct. You are correct. And I'm sorry, I bumped that off, but then you want to, do you want to go or do you know? I was on the McLellan townhome. I do not. I don't want to either. I can't. I should ask that. That's been several years. No, I hit the wrong, but okay. I'm recall that being like 10 or something. I don't know. And that was prior to all of the 14 miss ordinance. That was prior to your ordinance. And so at that point in time, it just was back to what we had before, which was five, two, and twenty. So again, do you need thing on that, unique thing on that parcel was really only had one. I mean, you're bordering a public street on three of the four sides of the Avenue A development. You're just, you just have the one property the daycare. That was really the only one. Yeah. Okay. That's what I thought. Okay. Go ahead, Chandler. I'm sorry. Sorry, Miss Baryze. I'm sorry. I was just, I think you kind of handled it with the drainage issue. I was having questions about we are still going to require drainage. Oh, absolutely. That's correct. Do we only ask neighbors or adjacent property owners if the lot is subdivided to come and speak publicly if they're for again, that is, yes, man, that is the that is the process today. So it would be, nobody, and nobody knows about this. Well, they know when received a special invitation relative to this. If it if it goes to be subdivided, and I understand what you're saying, like, and maybe that's something that if I mean, we can, you know, I mean, in this scenario again, I don't mind doing that, you know, like basically where we look at like