anymore. But that the three positions that we're trying to fill now again, y'all approved that last year. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, it was part. So so I guess back to what I'll talk about is so obviously three positions, fill them. Y'all fill them, let's say in a week. I know that's realistically not. But this particular officer is wins his reinstated. Bring savings back and it shouldn't affect the budget any kind of way at all. So so I think so I guess if I believe what I'm understanding from you is that you believe there's four open positions today. If with the fourth being the variable about the person that's on appeal. Probably. That's correct. Right. Council would perhaps I would recommend is I mean our our HR director's not here, but what I would recommend is I think I understand your concern if the concern is just a roll current open positions into this budget, but not any new positions. That's something that we can clarify. We can clarify that administrative. I think you understand your intention. You want to make sure that if if that if that position on appeal is one of these three, well then it's two if if it's if it's separate from this that it's yeah, I understand both both positions and that's really why I don't I don't have any reason to know that it's other than this, but we can we can have you and I just wanted to make sure that you understand what was. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So yeah, I'm in my additional motion to allow the feeling of a three vacant positions with no additional staffing with the exception of our. With exception. Yeah, that was part of the one. Exceptions. Yeah. Any council comments or discussion related. Thank you. Deputy Chief. Okay, just I guess maybe a good time to invite any other public comment at this time. All right, so this budget just for clarification that we that we prepared and presented to you has three positions that are being rolled over. There was a request for seven new positions. Well in this budget of request for five new positions, the department's request was seven and then there'll be in the nine vehicles. So what we're asking for is to we're leaving the salary increases are that were proposed are built into this plan. So what we're doing is removing the new positions with the exception of the rolled over positions and adding the additional SRO. So does that sound like we on the same page with it? All right. Is there any further comment? Any council comment public comment? All right. We had a motion and a second mischordery. Please call the vote to the budget as amended. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Michelle Pine. Yes. Mr. Leneu. Yes. Mr. Pogion. Yes. Motion. I just like I guess let me just make a comment about