you'll have to use in the garages they're unique floor plans that's going to break up the monotony. These are larger lots also so that's some of our you know kind of thinking you know in the back and big great great questions. Thank you mayor and thank you for you service. Thank you. Mr. Ameri. I don't know how you all feel about it but can we push to 7.3 and just add this a lot into that bulk of all the other locks. That always just cleaner for you guys I know he's on the agenda but because my lot is a corner lot. I just noticed that I want to zoomed in on my camera so I mean it would be bulked in with these all the other ones. Yeah I think we just need to amend it to add his lot number 10 lot 10 to that motion. Okay so he's want to let's item die and find it. Is that okay? Yep okay. All right so we'll move to 7.3 7.3. Okay. Okay we're going to just note that it's dying for a lack of action. All right. Okay. Mayor I like to make a motion on item 7.3 to approve the variance for all of the lots listed and add a lot 10 to that list of 13. Oh now it'd be 14 homes. All right thank you Mr. Mayor. Mr. Bulljano seconds. Any other council comment or question? Any public comment relative to the relative to the request. This is for sable south which is the newest phase of sable palms off of Young's Ohio way. That's on the south side of the existing development. There's already I think the first or second house being framed along that development right now. All right Ms. Barris. I just have a question. The variance that the ordinance I should say was this ordinance put forth while this was being built. Is that why we're having to. I don't remember the exact timeline of it. I mean this was a the language was on the preliminary plat letter. I think it was just a miss. It was something that probably I guess it was a missed opportunity where the developer wasn't aware of it at the time. When he sold the lots. I think that's why he was a little bit more than I expected. Right so that therefore then his builders weren't aware of it. The lots that are remaining here all of your traditional lots. I think they're like 80 by one for me there. They're going to be much easier to be able to. Yes to be able to achieve this. Ms. Champagne. Yes and also the developer was someone that had developed in the city prior. Yes so they were used to develop it wasn't like a new developer coming in. So they were used to develop it. Yeah that's correct. So all right motion second is there public comment. All right