water sewer infrastructure. That's why I said that. A hundred and sixty thousand dollars goes go far away. It does supply two full-time people within an agency and goes goes quite a substantial way but I think the goal of that was to levy the funds off of the general fund being that we're considering so many matches to over a dozen projects across the city over the next five or five or five years. So I'm well understand your vote of no. Your lack of explanation on that is incorrect and a hundred and sixty thousand dollars is a substantial amount of money. Also when you build two thousand new homes in the city they're reassessed every four years. So the two thousand homes that are built this year you won't even see the funds from four years from out that five. So that's incorrect. You wouldn't even see you wouldn't even see those dollars for five years and what happens today in five years from now are drastically different and a growth of a community. But I appreciate I appreciate your explanation. Yeah and I'm going to disagree with you because the minute you buy piece of property in Yumsville you start paying property taxes. It's not the same as you build that in a home and you build a home. You paid the same amount five years from now that you did when you bought it because I didn't I didn't pay the same amount of property taxes that you that I built it for five years later. Well I think and my vote is for the taxpayers of this city. I'm the one who made that up. My commitment that I have always said I would not increase taxes on the citizens of our city and I don't think a hundred and sixty thousand dollars a year that the city is already supplementing ten times that amount that amount and we'll continue to supplement with the growth of the city that we have that it was that it's an uncalled for increase on our citizens. And I do appreciate you Lindy saying that you work for the fire department I wouldn't expect anything else. Mr. Ramirez. Yeah I mean I looked at this from a six to seven thousand homes in Yumsville about twenty dollars a year per home inflation is a reality it is what we're dealing with unfortunately. I am not for overtaxing or anything of that nature but unfortunately we live in a place where taxes are required to pay for things and if we continue to bleed the general fund for police and fire at some point in time something's got to gonna have to give. I'm all for and I agree with some own we have paid both departments what they needed given them what they needed. That's kind of what you know we're voting on a millage not really a dollar amount per se but I don't know that was