patrol? It's not a patrol officer. So you're going to promote this this position. At this point, they'll probably be a patrol. It we don't have any exact person that we're going to be there. We're still working on the dynamics of it. But we it is going to be from within the department. So you still have to come back and get another. That'll feel that you still have to feel enough. That's correct. This is appropriate $48,000. So I guess my questions for Catherine. Catherine 48,000 would be salary. Yes. So do you have a exact cost of what the what this position will cost? Because I know we have amperes, which is 36% and I in June, I think it's going up to 30. It's 33. It's going up to 36 and June. So almost 36% for amperes. Social security is 6.5%. We have costs for insurance. Do you have a total cost on what this budget item is going to be? This is going to be close to about $75,000. Wouldn't you think without without without uniforms and training? Will they need any other training to be so urgent? It takes this spot. No. Because if we have people with with the experience already that we won't have to pay for any training. The base salary of 48,000. So we have a total of $8,000. Impers 33.9 currently. Yeah. Is that correct? 16. Social security is 6.2 is what it's currently, which is $2,900. I believe my math insurance. Cope is $485. HSA is $420. So that's kind of the numbers on that. It will be close to about $770. Between $70 and $75,000. Both. I can send like the exact number of. Total cost. I'm trying to get a total cost for an employee. I'm trying to get a total cost for an employee. I'm trying to get my benefits. The person that you have, that you're going to promote into this position. Do you know what the salary is now? I'm just trying to get a difference in pay. I'm not sure exactly what their year experience breaks down on the scale. probably about five o'clock. Okay. Going to leave. All right. Thank you. I have this outfit right now. All right. Thank you, Ms. Champagne. I'm sorry. Okay. Mr. Volgiana. Sorry. Catherine, the regardless of the funds with its $40,000, $75,000, is that funds that we're going to be pulling from the within their budget or is that going to be pulled from the general fund to surplus that current budget? That would be currently from the police budget. I mean, we're not fully staffed as it is right now with the police. So if they were fully staff, we'd have to allocate for that additional. But right now we're not fully passed. Okay. So I guess if he fails those other positions at that point, we'd have to revisit. We'll look at that during budget time. Okay. And she did you did