public works department will be maintaining. And if it's simply a drainage project, if it's simply a drainage pond, there's no reason to have it manicured, there's no reason to have an aerator. So, I hope this wouldn't come to be the option, but we could close it off at the Stubbad Street and run a fence all along it. And frankly, I think it would just be a wasted space of dual purpose, wasted space that could present dual purpose. And talking to some of the neighbors in the neighborhood, I understand the concern is, you know, security, having kids hang out and play back there, up to no good, increased traffic in the neighborhood. I think those are valid concerns. I do agree those are valid concerns. I do think though that those are things that we can monitor, that we can manage, and that we can get through. You guys have a beautiful neighborhood in Fortune Hills, and I certainly don't want to think that would be disruptive or destructive to it. I take a lot of pride in it. We re-developed, rebuilt the front entrance, so that way it wouldn't, you know, hold water and things like that. And we want to continue making investments. I just see this as being a great opportunity to really continue, expand parks and reg by having a satellite park on the north end of our city. Because I know, you know, in talking to Pam, you know, our engineer, she lives off of Fortune Roads. She said, you know, she and a girlfriend, you know, may like to go and walk around there. I've been trying to get out there a few evenings just to see kind of what's happening. I went out last night and walked around it. Today we cut a ribbon on a drainage project. We did not open a park. I do think though that if you'll allow us to, we would like to put together a plan of how this space could be utilized as part of the parks and recreation department with clear delineated rules. And, you know, proper signage and security. I was asked if we would have a sign in front of the neighborhood. No, absolutely not. You know, I don't think there's any reason for that. I see that this may just be a place that, you know, somebody may choose to go from your neighborhood to walk their dog or somebody from Atlas Road across the street. So, anyway, with that, with that being said, I mean, I open it first to probably the council if they have any questions or concerns, you know, here. And I invite the public to give us your concerns. And again, we don't have to do anything with it now. But again, I think, and I'm sorry that our parks and recreation director is not here because I would rather you hear it. You know, from somebody not just me, I think Tim