you you you you or All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Youngsville Municipal Complex. Today, Thursday, September 14th. We welcome you to the regular scheduled September meeting of the Youngsville City Council. For our opening, I'd like to ask Pastor Joe Cormier from 1st Assembly Youngsville to lead us in the invocation. And if you please remain standing, our pledge this evening will be led by Councilwoman Champagne. Pastor Welch. Thank you so much. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this wonderful day that you've given us, Lord. I thank you for this opportunity that we have to come together as city leaders, as city officials, as citizens of this great city of Youngsville to discuss and deliberate the business of our town. So, Lord, I pray that you be with us. Lord, bless us. Bless our conversations. Bless the discussions. Lord, I pray for unique ideas and vision to be cast from this city council meeting. Lord, I thank you for all of our council members, for our mayor, for our chief of police, for our fire chief. And for all of those who served this great city, I pray that you bless their families, that you keep them in your care as they minister to us, Lord, every single day. So, Lord, we just give you this time when we give you this meeting. And we thank you for it. And we pray these things in the matchless name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Legislative minutes. This is like a United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God and individual with liberty and justice for all. Mr. Col. Nicole, please call the roll. Mr. LaNue, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, absent, Mr. Sanesbury, Ms. Jean-Bine. Here. All right. Thank you, Nicole. Have three different persons to address the council this evening. I'd like to first welcome back Mr. David Wei, who's going to be addressing the council this evening to announce his candidacy for district judge division L. Welcome back, David. Nice to see you again. Thank you very much, Mr. Mayor. Thank you up to all the members of the council for having me here tonight. And thank you to you, the members of the public for being here tonight. Again, my name is David Wei and I'm a candidate for district court judge in Lafayette Parish. This is a district that basically is everything south of the interstate, more or less. And it, it, it, it carves out a little bit around the throughway, but it's a, a big chunk of Lafayette Parish. A little bit about myself. I've been, I've been living here in Lafayette since the mid 1990s. When I started practicing law here, I'm married to my wife, Missy. We've been married for 26 years. We have three kids. And I spent a lot of time out at the Youngsville Sports Complex with my youngest, who was a big