If it was to make sure that everybody in the department was at 15 days off. Or was it to make sure that everybody's going to get 180 hours? The intent of the board was to make everyone consistent. Their time is calculated by hours. And when they take time off is calculated by hours. And they had employees who were not just in the secretary or recourse clerk's position. They may work SRO. So if they're on patrol, let's say they start on patrol. And then they would move to an SRO position. They're losing over 40, I think 49 hours of vacation. So it would swap in back and forth. And it was just mainly just to keep time consistent across the board. I guess, you know, always crunching numbers. So my concern is that just ballparking numbers on Monday, when I heard about this, it was about 40 to 45,000 a year. Is what the city was going to have to pay when you have eight hour employees compared to 12 hour employees. And from a chief from head of the department, if you have someone going from one to the other, you know, the employee just needs to understand, hey, I'm either gaining hours or I'm losing hours by taking a different position or being reassigned position. This is taxpayer money that is frivolously being thrown out the window. And I was the one person I did, Dr. Mr. Held, he was under the impression it was we're proven the days, not knowing that there was a difference with the eight hours and 12 hour employees, probably about 40% of the department is eight hour employees, maybe 35%. 20, 20, 20, 20. 20, 20, 26, eight hour employees. Eight hour employees, right now, 20. And the rest are all 12. Oh, so it's more like a 70, 30s, but probably or something like that. I personally, what I was going to suggest to y'all, and I'm sure the other council members are going to have something to say. And it's not berating y'all or anything like that. I get what the intent was to make things a little smoother and easier. But this budget is the tightest budget we have. The tax can't even cover 60% of what this budget is annually. We have to dip into lace, general fund, other avenues, the LPSS paying for it, or a campaign for stuff. So my suggestion was going to be for the board, maybe hopefully to meet again and revamp. Maybe that motion to where it's a, we're approving 15 days. I'm all for everybody getting the time off. But administrative wise should figure out how to dictate the hourly of an eight hour time off compared to a 12 hour time off. And if they're switching from one to the other, that's going to follow on the chief of police, deputy chief. You know, whoever's handling that to make sure they're clearly telling that person, hey,