permission. I think permission from the Administration for special event purposes does that sound about right? So that way because as an example we have You know where we are we're already when I Barely through the last holiday but we're already planning Fourth of July And so you know food trucks there. I mean the intention here is not to do anything disruptive. I mean we still want to encourage Special event, you know food trucks. This is really more driven towards More permanent. I think to what Mr. Stanzer was alluded to like more Something that's not there for a special event and then actually the expansion area the sports complex where designing To where the Plaza area near the amphitheater will have hookups for food trucks so that we can have some rotating You know rotating vendors that may come in and out of there and I guess The paper was going faster than Great question All right, was there any other public comment related to this? All right, Ms. Gidry please call the vote on the introductory ordinance mr. Romero. Yes, mr. Stanzberry. Yes Yes, yes, yes, mr. Volgiano. Yes, motion first. All right. Thank you If it's okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna maybe discuss Something Tim's not here to see but I'd like to just maybe get you guys up to speed on the sports complex And where we are on it as y'all know we've been We've previously acquired a property for the expansion of the Yomsel sports complex I have in front of you. We've been working through numerous revisions iterations and things like that to to To get us in a position where we can move forward on the sports complex expansion We presented a master plan as you know which consisted of An amphitheater using the dirt from the nearby drainage project. It consisted of four high school collegiate size fields full full turf larger size larger tournaments more youth athletic athletic play more Tournaments to drive economic development. It also consisted of a pickleball area cornhole area parking Concession building restrooms. Those I think we're the biggest things there We're ready to are we nearing the position where we can move forward on the first phase of that Because of cost budget items that first phase what we're gonna be Preset what we would like to propose is that we still move forward with the amphitheater Which as into is originally intended That outer ring if I'm looking at the stage that outer ring is going to be right now. It's designed about 18 feet and height on the outer ring And then there's some Concrete steps. I think three rings of concrete steps big area in the front I think we're still talking about the full size about being 110 yards From left to right Stage is a little bit downsized There's still a stage a platform. It's not really a separate building there But it's it could be