this does is it's basically removing the young zone regulation if you will on slow moving vehicles and it's just a faulty to state law on those type of vehicles so you know if you have a slow moving vehicle and are following those components of state law then this would negate the need for you to get it uh... inspected by the city of young so we've had one revision on this ordinance earlier maybe it was this year last year and that was just the frequency of inspection it was an annual inspection now it's every two year inspection so there's been a step in the past you know of the 10 year ordinance to basically make it easier the registration process is online things of that nature so if you have a slow moving vehicle this deregulates it as far as young so it's concerned it just really puts uh... i mean your applicable laws just subject to whatever the state law is for golf carts there's really zero change the way it's written today if you have a golf cart well except if this insurance provision which is just putting it in tangent with the state i do agree it's something that comes up you know often i mean if that's something that the council wants to consider in the future i mean i would suggest maybe we just take a you know kind of a comprehensive look at by where you would want to see those because while we're thinking about like field crest you know bisonic and uh... you know the other one i hear is um... uh... oceans like from sugarmote pond to the sports complex across Savoy um... you know so i mean there's probably other areas in in the community that that may be applicable and i've also asked uh... mr. tron to just look to remind refresh himself uh... or not refresh himself to educate himself i guess on you know should that be the desire of of the council at a future meeting you know are you in conflict what would be required in things of that nature because i tend to remember that when we did it in the past there was something that was regularly the state's provision was you can only have those you know stat you can only have a local rule related to golf carts if it's not in conflict with it i struggle to find it now so that's why i asked you know way to just review it on our behalf um... to let you know what could you do if you wanted to do it so but i do agree this is a good step i mean as we're getting more golf carts i don't think you need somebody from our office to be inspecting your slow moving vehicles so it's a deregulatory step to where we can just put the focus on golf carts so is there any question or