about that route and before we engage a firm, a declaratory action would probably be the best route because what you've presented today is not binding law. I feel confident we can do it. I understand the Chief's Council believes otherwise. So let's let the Court of Law decide. Let me just make one response if I could. In terms of, you know, I recognize that in a Court of Law as we were taught in law school, I realize that in a Court of Law, a district judge presiding over the case, if the Attorney General comes in and says, this is what Louisiana law says, the judge has the full discretion to make his own ruling on what the law states and what it means. In terms of my practice as a former City Attorney, if the mayor asked me a question to everyone bark on a certain course of action that I wasn't concerned about, I realized, you know, I would send a letter to the Attorney General and I realized that the Attorney General opinion is absolutely advisory in a Court of Law. But as a City Attorney, I never felt comfortable if the Attorney General of the State of Louisiana said, you should not do this. I never felt comfortable taking an adverse course of action to say, well, the Attorney General is recommending that we not do this, but I George Knox in attorney am telling you that it's just an advisory opinion and I think we should proceed. So that would be my own comment. Appreciate your perspective about the advisory nature of the Attorney General opinion. I think I think people will want to do that. George, you've had your three minutes. I'm sorry. Your three minutes expired. Okay, so you all already have a copy of this opinion. Yes sir. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Knox. Thank you. Thank you for the time. Thank you. Miss Amy Vietar, are you present tonight that you'd like to address the Council? Yes ma'am. If you'd like to come up, how are you to see me? Hello, I'm Amy Vietar and I'm terrified to have to tell you someone else. You're fine. Thank you for being here. In 2018, I moved to Youngspeale to Borscht, Ma'am. Going back to college and I met Mr. Ricky Boudreau at 12 o'clock at night because the library had kicked me out. I didn't have internet and I had to upload my test paper, which I made a hundred on. That night he told me I shouldn't be at the sports complex because I was a single mom and a single woman and he gave me a cell phone number, private cell phone number. In 2019, I went to the sports complex again because he put on a he put on a thing for the youth and he once again gave out his private cell phone number. So everyone there had his private cell phone number at