right after we can kind of regroup in. If we need to do it another time. I'm going to have all day. Perfect. I think no. I mean, other than all design components are finished. So we're completely in the construction mode. Just a reminder to the console that this particular project delivery method is the contract manager construction manager at risk of project delivery process. So one of the key points right now is we're trying to align the the guarantee maximum price to lock that in. We built several we're we're continuously are working towards drainage right now. And getting dirt in the proper place. So we got water sewer drainage going on right now. As far as from the office side, we have a ton of submittals that are coming in. Where all the way from the submittals for the backstop netting to submittals for different all different kind of function. So we're proving things where we're working through things that are not meeting our plans and all those little administrative things. So it's a lot of components on a sports complex like this. So there's a lot of different elements that need to be reviewed and making sure they're aligned with the plan. So it's been a good work in relationship. In this process because it is a little different than I've ever been accustomed to and doing typical design bid bill jobs. So great so far. And you know, I guess this is a great time to not be getting a lot of rain selfishly because it's allowing us to get dirt and dig. You know, put our pipe in, put our drain and gin. But there'll be a point where we need some rain when it's time to start planting grass Terry. And then when that point comes, it will be done with, will be finishing the sports complex. So, anyway, that's it. That's an update. Any questions? Get with me. Yeah. First off, I want to tell you about thank you. I know we don't really see you guys more than other meetings. You know, both behind the scenes, grinding an out day and a day out on this project. Some of the residents of, I've just spoken with just one of the next big steps that we're going to see visually when passing by. I guess that's there, you know, envisioning is this whole process begins to grow. Yeah, right right now it's, it's hard to see what's going on. You see a lot of dirt out there, but you know, installing pipe is going to, it takes a while. Just one thing to mention too, we're still aiming for, you know, late spring, early summer. It's a schedule for next year. You're going to see water and sewer going in, but nobody's really going to see it unless you go walk around. And then once that's done, that's when you're going to start seeing the roughening and the plumbing roughening phase