one was 97% felt they were heard and listened to so it really gives us a feedback on how our officers are doing in the field and in the end you'll see it actually the comments section where people can put actual real life comments to feedback for that 94% felt they had their questions answered this is all important I love whenever people call my office and ask me a question because they didn't understand maybe what was going on the call or after the call they have more questions so we can explain that to them this just gives us training tools for our officers to go back and make sure we're explaining things properly. So we get feedback like this again just to show you completely anonymous it just gives us a date that it was put there this is some actual comments that were given by our citizens on different calls that our officers responded to it gives us silent accolades we can give to our officers of good things that they did we get negative ones to that can possibly come in and that also gives us the tip you point to sit there and say how can we fix ourselves I believe that's the last slide so that it just like I said just an overview of what's the common you see these text messages if you want to see it. It becomes from my nine year accident again I'm going to put this out on social media make sure that we can reach as many people as possible so they know what it is it's not a scam it's really just something to reach our types of citizens keep them involved in our police department and constantly give us an overview of what we can do better or what we're doing right so. So chief audience for this is someone that's had a call for that month. Yes so the audience of this is anybody who calls 911 or calls this request for certain any request for service the police department gets like I said minus some. Particular call we exclude it just to you know if it's a serious critical incident you know again want to re- victimize anybody that was involved in something serious and critical so. Thank you. The other any other announcements. All right if there's no other announcements as their emotion to adjourn. All right emotion by council member Romero and second by Ms. Barras. All in favor please say aye. All right. See unanimous aye. Meeting adjourned have a great evening. Here I thought he cursed it because it's always sitting down and lunch is like.