Stan Sparry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Volga. Yes. Motion for it. The agenda item 8.2 resolution 2023-10. A resolution authorised in the mayor of the City of Youngsood execute a cooperative endeavor agreement for ARPA Water Sector Program Grant award in committing to the local match. May I make a motion to please? All right thank you. Miss Champagne. Second by Mr. Volga. Any comments or questions from the council from members of the public. This is we did receive a $5 million grant from the Water Sector Program and hence the reason that we're moving forward with the CEA the cooperative endeavor agreement. So this is for the Water Sector Program that Susan's projects will hear about during her updates. So if there's no public comment Miss Gidry please call the vote. Mr. Stan Sparry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Volga. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion for it. 8.3 resolution 2023-11. A resolution authorised in the mayor to execute an intergovernmental agreement with Lafayette City Parish Consolidated Government concerning the Flushdin and vacuuming of drainage infrastructure. Motion to move. All right thank you Mr. Romero. I'll second. All right second by Miss Champagne. Mr. Boudreus here from Mayor Giller's office said I want to meet a reminder one that this is at no cost to our taxpayers additionally in Young'sville. This is a cooperative agreement where the parish government is going to be using their drainage dollars to assist with vacuuming and flushing of drainage culverts as directed by Terry and his team. All right any public comment? All right no public comment Miss Gidry. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Volga. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stan Sparry. Yes. Motion for it. All right thank you council 8.4. Excuse me. Yeah 8.4 resolution 2023-12. A resolution authorised in the mayor the City of Young'sville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement for the Louisiana Watershed initiative out of YOD design support program. DSP Anzlem Kooley detention pond project. I'm going to be a little more excited about this one. So but I'll wait for your motion. I'll motion. Thank you Mr. Volga. Second by Mr. Romero. Not too long ago a couple years ago councilman Stan Sparry asked me the residents want to know when you're going to do something on the Anzlem Kool. You remember that night? I remember walking it twice. Yeah I remember walking it with you too. Anyway three main drains of Young'sville. You know we got we got one we got another one and we have Anzlem Anzlem's on the east side no west side of our city it ultimately drains to the Vermillion River through our master plan efforts through the HMGP program. We were successful in getting 100% funding on regional detention projects which you may have noticed are underway on the LaSalle Kooley on Bayou Park Purdue but we did just some public private partnerships along the Anzlem only the Veterans Park the dog park. We made a lot of modifications to