we'll go ahead and move on to agenda item 2.2 and we have a guest here this evening Mr. Walter Campbell and he's here to announce his candidacy for Lafayette parish successor. Good to see you Walter. Welcome welcome back to you. Thank you Mr. Mayor and thank you Council. What a gorgeous place y'all have here. Thank you. I was saying it was the nicest parish council building in the whole parish. It's wonderful. So good for you guys. I'm proud of it. Folks, my name is Walter Campbell and I'd like to be your next Lafayette parish successor. If you'd like to learn more about me, you can certainly do that on my website, Campbell, or Cesar. You guys mind if I turn my back to you? Whatever you're more comfortable. Thank you. Yeah, I just probably want to make sure the microphones picking you up in case someone's streaming, which we think there aren't. Thank you. So I'll dispense with a little bit about me and my family, but because I love telling that story, but I've been in real estate for almost 25 years and I've served our community in numerous civic and appointed positions in Lafayette parish. I've served with the Lafayette Habitat for Humanity for 17 years. I've served with the Boy Scouts. I've served with Kiwanis of Acadiana. And I've served I currently serve with the Salvation Army here in Lafayette. And I've also been the president of our Board of Rilters here. I've been involved statewide in the Louisiana Rilters Board. I've been after our current assessor, Mr. Como, about 15 years now about my interest in this role. So this is not like something that just popped into my head. And for the record for anybody who's interested, I have been a registered Republican since I turned 18. And this is not a stepping stone opportunity for me. I want to be elected. I want to remain in office for as long as you'll have me. So I do not seek an executive level or legislative level part of government. I cringe at the thought of that. But I can tell you that I'll give you my, you know, 25 years of real estate experience, along with my desire to help my community in Lafayette parish, meld that together to be the best assessor that I can be for you all. In addition, for those who are interested, I'm a veteran of the U.S. Air Force and of the Louisiana International Guard. And there are a couple of things. Do you have a timer on me? Because I have just a few more minutes. Thank you. Some things I want to tackle once elected. Number one, technology. As a realtor, there are title attorneys, abstractors, appraisers. You name it. There are numerous people that use the tax assessor's websites all the time. And number one, it's filled with errors. I'll tell you this. The data that the government has, it's our