managers across all the state agencies in the last 40 days I'll just say that I've probably seen more responsiveness than ever in my 30-year career of doing work in Louisiana. All right any questions for Pam or any concerns? All right thank you Pam Tim since the microphone's already on there you want to just go ahead yes thanks Mayor our baseball and softball registration closed will be having player evaluations on Saturday February 17th Bitty basketball regular season ended and now they'll be moving into all store play. Southside soccer has started practice here and at Foster Port and they will start game their game weekends on the 17th of February. We've completed the morning growing rotational this past weekend with 23 you know Juco and D2 women's fast pitch teams and of course the Mordegro Mamba alternative will take place this weekend the only game change so far is southeastern and University of Wisconsin from Green Bay is playing tonight at seven because they traveled so far they want to make sure that their Sunday game would be played tonight. So there's single day tickets and weekend passes and you can get on our website youngzo sports complex.com you know for tickets for the tournament. Perfect all right thank you so much. Let's see Dax is stewing no no pressure obligation we have your report but if you'd like to. Okay the question. The sports complex there's been a significant and stewards here with J.V. Muton a significant amount of workers out there there's been a lot of concrete placed over the last three weeks we were waiting for this time just a quick note a lot of the steel is going to be coming in it takes a long lead time so we've I think in two weeks we're going to get the steel in so we can start building the concession structure all the light poles have been coming in so you'll start seeing the light poles going up and so it's going well it's gonna right now we're projected to be late spring early summer that's been the conversation there's been a lot there's a lot of concrete in the amphitheater already so it's it's coming alive so that's it any questions. Yeah we are just for the public's benefit we are now seeking sponsorships for this new phase of the sports complex pickleball courts I think we're down to one of the two fields amphitheater that we also have sponsorship opportunities still on the inclusive playset so just throwing that out there because these are new opportunities if for anyone that has been previously interested for sponsorships at the at our set original 78 or site that may not have had the opportunity yet so Tim's office is handling that so. All right thank you. Thank you thanks appreciate it. Chief in the Jevonny thing. Good thank you. All right appreciate it. Let's see anyone else on my team Terry or set that