 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you upon each one of our lives, our families, Lord, this city, and the leadership that you put here. Well, we pray that you would just be in our conversations, Lord, give us wisdom, guide us, direct us, Lord, make us make good decisions that would benefit the entire community together. Well, we put this in your hands, we'll pray it in your name, amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the divine of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. One nation under God, indivisible with liberty and justice for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Spares, here. Mr. Volgiano. Here. Mr. Romero is absent tonight. Mr. Nyland. Here. Ms. Shalpa, here. All right, thank you, Nicole. This evening I have the privilege of welcoming Superintendent Tuchet to Young'sville, Superintendent Wacom. And I know you all have been very busy doing a lot of things across the district, but we're particularly proud of the work that's happening here in our community. And I know you wanted to share some of the highlights with the council in our city. So, Mayor and council members of the public, first of all, thank you for giving me this opportunity. First, I've given all of you this one pager, not for you to look at, but just to kind of just know that you can refer back to it at a later time. Something that is very important and all of you know the importance of sales tax and property tax as far as the city government is concerned, the school board in the same sense relies on a lot of this for operational funds. There's a very important tax renewal. It is something that has been passed by the voters of Lafayette Parish for 50 plus years. This is something that is $7.79. It yields about $20 million a year to be able to fund K to 12. It is a renewal that will take place. The election is going to be this Saturday. We've been going through early voting. We have kind of seen that we've had a low turnout. I'm just asking that you guys spread the word again. Look at the facts and again, I can tell you since I have been the superintendent for the last three years, I have been fiscally responsible and making sure that every single part of what this budget is about is going and putting it place to where it needs to, which is two things. One is putting it into the teacher's hands where we pay more for teachers than anyone in this region. The region goes all the way to Calcabashe Parish. And number two, we're changing the infrastructure that is happening in our school system throughout the district. We have portable buildings. We have things that we just, I just can't believe that a system of this magnitude that we've had when I took over and I can tell you we're changing that landscape and you will see it through some of those different things. But in addition before we get into that, I want to let all of you know that you're invited. I have a superintendent gumball cookoff. It's not tomorrow, it is going to be next Friday. It is in the morning. I know some of you have come last year, but please come by. This, we have over 40 different vendors that will be cooking. We raise money for all of our schools and it's for teachers and students and incentives. And all we do is we take all of this. I think we raised $100,000 last year just in that morning and we took that money and we split it between how many kids we have at those different schools and that's where the money goes. So very good event if you guys have some time to come and stop by. 2002 sales tax is something that it funds, helps funds, teachers, it is something that teachers are rely on to be able to increase their salaries. We're going to be distributing that to teachers at the end of this month. You can see that amount is $2,974. We have a building that we've kind of relocated students. We've actually built another school, the old Prairie Elementary on Ambassador Café. It's a prime location. You know anyone who was interested in that type of location. I mean, there's, I think there's over 20 acres of land, right? In that area that goes from that corner all the way to the back. In addition to that, LPSS is Magna Academy. Application is going to be open until December 17th. Our district calendar, anything that is going on, we get ahead of that. That is something that you can also view on our website. You could see that we have really launched and I want all of you to know this and this is what's important to you guys here is that when you are starting to promote the schools within this area, you can go to our website and it's called the LPSS Core Values. It's stuck right down the front page. You could actually point people to exactly see how the schools and youngsville are rated compared to other schools within this district. And you can just go and browse through it and you can say, all right, so how are our middle schools compared to Brusard middle? How is our high school compared to Como? And you can just point people in a direction and that is the transparency that I want to make sure that we have because people are always asking me, where should I send my kids? Well, here is a shot for you to just look at. We have actually graded our schools based upon those core values, which is schools that are safe, schools that have a culture, schools that have opportunities and schools that are actually growing. Those four things is what we actually grade our schools on. Again, you get let it grades from the state, but they don't tell you if people are actually being invited and people are being inclusive of a particular school system. And that to me is what the partners that I've actually engaged with over a year's time has said that we need to see in schools. So please take some time to look at that. I will tell you that all of your schools in youngsville stand out compared to other schools. Just take a look at it and that's where you can actually go. You can see that we are, we got board approval. Youngsville is going to be getting an additional wing. We are going to take out all of those portable buildings behind Gaulet and it's going to be, we're gonna build another 10 to 12 classrooms with restrooms that are going backside. Talk to the mayor about seeing if we have some additional funding. I think I've secured some funding to where we can actually try to get some more of those cars off of the road and get people onto our property. So we do have a plan for that. In addition to that, there are some, some much needed things that need to be done in Gaulet, as far as carpet. There's still carpet in those schools. We're tearing all that out. Wallpaper, we're getting all that. Youngsville middle was going to be getting a brand new gym floor also with bleachers. It's a staple of where people go us for as that school. We've done a lot as far as the, the appearance as far as that gym, but we just really need to kind of finish it off with there. And last but not least, I want to kind of come back to you guys and say that first of all, thank you for granting that variance and getting us into that stadium. Let me just tell you what has happened since you have done that. We have packed that stadium to where we now have a football team that is securing funds to be able to run its own program. And we don't have to worry about our kids going and play in St. Martinville or playing at Como. We have a band that is actually running concession stands that is actually taking in funds and making money. We have people that are coming into this community that are coming into our restaurants, so on and so forth. Guys, I will just tell you tonight, I'll be at, I'll be at Southside. I will be bouncing back from Southside to Lafayette High and Karen Crow at Lafayette Stadium. Having something like that, and you guys allowing us to be able to get that thing open. But I did say to you that I would work my tail off to get that parking taken care of. I'm here to tell you that there is going to be a million dollars worth of parking lot that we're going to be adding to take care of the issues that we talked about the last time we came for the variance. So I want you to know that again, all of these different things that we're doing, I am trying to improve. There always needs to be a public choice for a particular city. And I can tell you this right now, you guys have a really good choice. We have great schools here, and I can tell you that when we start looking across other school districts that these schools really stand out. So again, thank you guys for again, always allowing me to come and being a part of this. If there's anything that I can ever do, you guys have my number. My all means, if you can show up for the Gumball cookoff, we're going to be having our principals and our instructional leaders and I have mayors and I have city council members from all over that are just going to come. And it's a good time to be able to show that particular time we're going to be having our kids from our different Magnaut Academy's playing music. We're going to be selling their art. They're going to be doing a lot of different things. I mean, it's just a good time, a half a day, and then we're done at noon as far as that is concerned. So any questions for me on any of these different things. And again, I didn't go over everything, but you can see there's a lot of different things that we're trying to do within the school district. Superintendents, I don't see any questions from the floor, but thank you sincerely for your leadership, your cooperative spirit. I know that Haley and I interact with you regularly and appreciate everything that you're doing for us. And I thank you for giving us the update tonight. And if y'all can just excuse me, I'm going to run out, I'm going to go run to Lafayette High and then I'm going to run down here because southside is closer to my house when I finish up. I'll go. Thank you. Thanks for being here. All right. The gen item 4.1 approval of the September 11, 2025, meeting minutes. Emotion by Council Member Boljano and second by Councilwoman Champagne. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Okay, in the schedule, there's no public comment. Please call the roll. Ms. Perez? Yes. Mr. Boljano? Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. It's the roll. Mr. Boljano? Mr. Nyland? Yes. Mr. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Perez? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thanks. 5.1 approval of the August 2025 finance report. All right. Emotion by Mayor Protin, Boljano and second by Councilman Barres. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Okay. There's no public comment. Miss Gidry, please call the roll. Mr. Boljano? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. in a variance to section 105, 7, 3, B, 4 to allow encroachment within the utility easement along very him drive for a proposed building addition located at 115 Guarzeny Lane. So this is a business expansion which we're thrilled about in our community. So Mr. LaFlaur, thank you for being here, sir. Good evening, Mayor Ritter and Council. Thank you for the opportunity to be on the agenda tonight. I'm Chris LaFlaur with industrial safety solutions and with me is our builder, Mr. Obey. ISS has provided safety consulting to the all in gas industry on shore and in the go. Since 2005, we operated out of Chase Tower and LaFlaur yet till 2018 when our owner Ray Flore has purchased 115 Guarzeny Lane and moved us there. We've grown significantly in both operations and staff and now need additional office space. According to Remain and Young's Bill, we decided on an addition on the Brahms Drive side of the building. Our original interpretation was that we could design the addition to five feet from the property line and began work with Mr. Obey and Mr. Broussour. We later learned that our plans would extend approximately five feet into a utility easement which ends ten feet from the property line. We met with Mr. Hutzbeth, Mr. Noel and Ms. Grande to disclose further he was suggested that we request a variance and verify that the utilities are not located beneath the proposed addition. A detailed survey was conducted by Como Engineering page 30 of your packets. Confirms no utilities lie beneath the proposed addition. A fiber optic line runs roughly four feet from the edge of the addition and a waterline runs about eight feet from the edge, neither located under the structure. Accordingly we respectfully request a variance allowing our addition to extend five point two feet into the utility easement at 115 Guarzeny Lane. Appreciate your time and consideration and happy to answer any questions. All right, thank you Mr. LaFlor. I know that we took a little bit more of a look at it today. Are there any concerns? There's no other thing to look at. The waterline is still going to be away from the building. My concern is if we ever have to excavate for any kind of leakage or where's adjacent to that footing, how close is it and will it disturb the footing and you have to stop? About eight feet from the bottom. Yeah, so depth of line, I'm not sure what it is. So the deeper it is, the water you have to go with that opening. But only thing I would say is if we could get a whole harmless as far as far if we do digging and anything is done to the building as far as for the foundation, we would not be responsible because you are within that. I think that's a reasonable solution. Okay, we certainly want to work with you and probably, I don't think we had, we didn't do any hot hole in there to see exactly where we are. So when we probably decided on a bonnets accolade, if that's okay with you, Ms. Barres. Do we know if there are any plans to put any utilities or anything at any point in the air? The city doesn't have, we would just really have water and sewer and we don't have any plans of either in that area. And the utility easement does allow, it could be fiber, communications, it could be anything. But I mean, it's up to us to prescribe the width of the easement. Am I correct? That's correct. There's not going to be any plans for sewer. I mean, we already, I mean, it would be really hard to get sewer back to our sewer plant just based on all the coolies that we would have across. And we already have water and it appears like water is on both sides. So they are corner lot and it appears that the water is on both sides. And so, so originally everyone thought just the front, but in the other side, it's actually in the right away, but you do have a 10 foot utility easement. So I don't see that we would need anything additional, especially in that area, everything is already, it's pretty much for the most part built out, which is why the gentleman needs to add on where he can add on. There's not a whole lot in that industrial area. I don't see anything else as telecommunications. They can bore all of that. And that's all small. They don't have to do that. We did check and there is a cox box. And based upon the location of the cox box with the water, the water should be pretty deep because otherwise the cox box would have either. When we went out there again today to look at that marking. And so I think it must be, it's a minimum of four feet deep there because otherwise the cox box probably would have hit it. All right. Any other comments or questions from the members of the council? Mr. Boljano. I'll make an emotional move. All right. All right. A motion by Mr. Boljano. All right. Second by Mr. Nile and Ms. Champagne. Yes, ma'am. Is he a provenee with the amendment of the whole harmless? Yes. Well, that's good just for us to clarify. I mean, your motion is, yeah, it's for us to move ahead with getting a whole harmless. Yes. Okay. I'll second to that. Yeah. All right. Great question. Any other council comment? Is there any public comment relative to the request? All right. Ms. Kidri, please call the roll. Mr. Nilem. Yes. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Boljano. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. And Mr. Flores and the entire team for continuing to do business with us. We're proud to have you guys there. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. 6.2. Mr. David Robachos requesting a variance to section 107-9-4 to allow for a reduction in the driveway with and radius for a proposed apartment building to be located at 110 oceans Boulevard. Mr. Robachos here. Okay. I can share a little bit more context here. Council, this is something that you recently saw earlier this month for for plat approval. This is the lot that's directly across from from water view apartments on the oceans drive. It's located just to the south of LeBord, therapy. And this is a three-story building. It's two and two, you know, the two apartment units on each floor. On the back of the on the back of the request of the agenda item 6.2, you'll see the site plan. And on that site plan on Harbor Road or what will be, I think Harbor Road is stubbed out there, but Harbor Road is going to eventually continue on the south side of the sure more pond lake to kind of loop around to the existing harbor drive. That's currently off of can you think of the name of the street. Sure, drive. Anyway, the driveway that as you can see in the illustrations 26 feet, we have an ordinance at the minimum width of a driveway is 36 feet. That was driven at the time largely for fire trucks. It was a request of the fire department. But I did speak with chief for a vet. And he indicated that he was fine with the with the plans as submitted before you. So he's here. They can answer any questions on it. I find the request to be reasonable, you know, as well. Thank you, ma'am. I actually met with the property owner this week out there. So I could get a gist of what he was asking, you know, with our new T and D ordinance. I just want to make sure that it stayed in compliance with that. My main question was, are we losing any parking spots on the interior because his parking lots could be in the back of the apartment complex. He said, no, they're not affecting. It's only the entrance to chiefs here is what he stated. Also asked him if he was going to come for any other variances when the building got started. He told me no. And he did say he was the corner. The corner of the property will be commercial on the corner of oceans and that's dumb out. It does future commercial for him. So I did meet with him. I moved to pay us the motion. All right. Thank you. Is a motion by councilman Shumpan is there a second on the request. Mr. Bulljano seconds any council comment. I'm not sure if the public comment relative to the variance. Yes, sir chief. The reason for that audience was the land inside of our old ladder. I knew it was a single action. Okay. Okay. We'll keep that in mind as we look and we. We anticipate some of these things when we in pre-development meetings. So if we see that there's any scenarios where. 36 maybe a little overkill. We'll keep that in mind. Thank you chief. Any other public comment. All right. No public comment. Ms. Gidry. Please call the vote. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Miss Shumpan. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mr. Bulljano. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. Great. I'm six point three. Mr. John Harvey's requesting. Two variances for the subdivision of a parcel into two lots located at 100 Eugene Street. The first is the wave section one tin four. I be one to eliminate the requirement of the lot size and then two is to wave section one tin four. I be two to eliminate the requirement of the lot with. And as you know, there is. Our subdivision of property requires a 65 foot minimum with. Without there being any incentive points that was largely. Written in the ordinance for large subdivisions of property. We're using that ordinance as the standard for any subdivision of one parcel into two. You have approved similar variances within this particular area, which is why we brought it forward for your review and consideration. And I believe Mr. Harvey's here as well. Yes sir. Good evening. Thank you for having me here. I think what we're proposing is the best use for this property. I know that city. The city has traffic issues and we certainly don't want to add to that. So we would like to have two lots there so we can build two single family homes. These are two minimal requests and we've had similar ones in the past. Yes sir. You own the property as well. Is it fifth in church? Yes. Okay. And we'll be getting started. No, not very soon. We got our permits last week. Okay. Mr. Bulljohn. The rear of the property is what is what touches foster park. The rear of your property but sub to foster park. I don't think so. No. You're cheating first. Sorry. This is the lobby that the last time when he brought a foot street. Yes. Okay. That was at the well here. Okay. Yes. The proposal in your packet. You can see Mr. Harvey submitted that actually he did give us more than what we would normally have at this stage. I think just from your from previous conversations we've had at council meetings. Within your packet you can see two two iterations of what that those two single family residences would look like. I think for two cars. It's a single family single car car port but there will be plenty of room. So that they're not parking on the street. Right. Were you going to split any ideas of split the um I guess the driveways it was going to be both both entering on the first street or were you going to split them to where it was one of the Eugene and one of the first. Both of them on the first first. Okay. I have a site. I have here as well. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. You got that. Let me shut up. Yes sir. I see the width that you're asking for 60 feet right. Well 61 feet on most correct and I'll know I'm 65. I'm going to go to the north. And what are you going to do with the front property? What are you doing with that one? Where you clear in the house or we're going to build two houses one one house on each line. Right right now there's nothing on the property. Right. Nothing on Eugene but there's still the house on Avenue B. Yeah. Right. Not on this. Not on that portion. I'm not. First street. I saw trees. Yeah. Of course. It's not okay. I'm good. Thank you, Mayor. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. The property's address on Eugene but how I would better describe it is if you're driving down first street into into foster growth. If you're if you just stay on first street instead of taking the curve. Okay. And just go straight. It'll be on the right hand side. I would assume they need. They'll need another address. Right. I'm going to have both addresses on first. Okay. All right. Thank you. I'll make a motion so I grab the variance. All right. This is a motion by Mr. Volgiano. The second by Mr. Nylon. Any further council comment? Any any public comment? We would welcome any public. Yes sir. You're welcome to come forward. Thank you. Yes sir. How are you doing? All right. Thanks for coming. We have concerns about building stuff there because we do have a water issue which I've been dealing with. I even think I messaged you one time about it with old drains. So the more they're going to build off with this light. We're going to start having more problems with water which I've been dealing with for about four years. I've been able to know about it too because I've been calling and still. And it's just. It needs to be tended to I believe they cut the trees down on that other light I was talking about. That's where that drain is busted. A lot of that water from the neighbors supposed to be going that way. But I've been taking care of that grass and forcing that water to go to them other drains in the front. You think that this could be resolved by by the grading of the property. I don't think so because of the way the drains are in the color. Can't terror came over that guarantee within four years he knows he came there a bunch. Yeah and I keep getting an answer and they don't get in touch with me. He can tell you how many times I call. Yeah that's what we don't have a servitude I guess they laid pipe years ago in between the lots. And there was no servitude ever done that actually comes across and then it ties in from Eugene to the channel next to the park. So it's between the dream street and Avenue or first Avenue. Yeah yeah yeah and I mean that water we'll fill up to the top of the covers. And the property they trying to show with him that should be an easement. That's the thing we kept dealing with. Remember that should be an easement if they got to do any work that's about my kept having with the man's this. Would is would an easement be beneficial on this lot I'm going to pull up this property just to understand it better. Any anywhere is there's old drain is that we don't have an easement if we can get one yes. The problem is years ago that it either the state or somebody ran pipe in there it was obviously not a home on that part because it's big pipe. Yeah that was a big deal. But there's no servitude we look through the I mean everything we could think of to see what a servitude and it's just old. Oh catch basins pipe that that's just you know. Yeah it's made out of bricks and then trees they just cut them trees down that guy in the lot. Yeah that's open now. Mayor on the plat the drain the drainage and let's are shown on the plat which is kind of how the the drain if you go to the. I see. So you can run right along one or two it's all on it's on Mr. Henry's property. And every time carry on going I was going my wife I said it got to have an easement you can't go on nobody's property. So that can be a platform let me ask this a week. I'm tearing I have a dread have talked about this and our limitation I'm sure as these explain to you as hard. It was about having an easement but I'm I'm curious now I mean let's take the opportunity to get a proper drainage easement. Yeah because that house that's sold in the front that's house that's the harbor you know what we're talking about in the. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Can I come up there? Yeah please. So it's on the other lot over here. So it's on the tree with the right there. The other lot of the live deal with that house. But all that water has to come here. He probably seen it already where you see my kept the grass out. That's where all that water is locked down. And we got your doctor in the rear of the self. Yeah. Yeah that's it. So it's on the side. So it would be a little bit more than else. It's on my back neighbor. So. So. Well. I don't. I'm. Yes. The fact that. Yeah. So. If you'll. If you'll allow we have a civil engineer that I can. We have two. Actually. Three. Several. Yeah. Our limitation is just that. And we just can't work where there's not proper use of this. But if we can solve that as well, Pam. Correct. So I would. Item number 12. When it's going to come to plow approval says that any additional easement. That's our standing. Any additional easements that may be required as we're looking at the. I'm going to have to see because right now if it is something that. Has to be fixed or if it has to be moved right now, it's at an angle. So we would request an easement to where public works would be able to get in at an angle. But it may be one of those things where let's look at where the issue is. And if you're having to fix the issue, it may be one of those where we straighten it out. While we're at it to be able to hug. So I think that if you guys give us that you know if Mr. Henry. And of his plat, one of the things is to consider is that we need to take care of that drainage. But we have to also have the proper easements as it moves forward. Because it's not going to do any good for the two new houses. Right for the general here. So it sounds like it's an opportunity to fix something that we have not been able to fix in the past. Mr. Hargrave, if we take a look at that. Pam's absolutely right. This is what we consider preliminary. Well, this is a variance request. And then we would get into the into the preliminary. At the plan preliminary plat as an extra. And she's absolutely right. It's no different if we're doing like a 60 acre development. We there has to be a little bit of a study. And before we actually follow the recording of the subdivision. Yeah. Because see, I was actually cutting that grass and keeping that part up so that water can come out. I know he owns it. I know who he is. I don't want nobody to come over and say, what you doing? Right. Actually, we don't know the answer. Yeah. Oh. What's the reason why I'm doing what I'm doing? So the house that's on the corner where they're doing a lot of the clear and they just cut some trees. I mean that this easement we potentially may need to get it. So I guess what I'm saying if it's the council's desire to move ahead. When we get to the preliminary plat comments, we may need a condition at all and getting a plat or getting an easement from the adjacent property owners. Well, that property just sold. It's a local owner that's renovating that property. So because the easement on this one piece is by itself and going to do anything probably right. Not the whole thing. Correct. It would help, but it wouldn't be entirely. Okay. Well, and if one person gets everybody gives it, you just have that one. I mean, again, it makes it best for everybody if we can fix it. And if there's a trade agent or a trade in jesusman in order to do that. Okay. Mr. Houghgrave, any other concerns besides just the drainage. I know you've been looking for resolution on that. Okay. All right. Any other public comment? Thank you, sir. Any other public comment? All right. So before you, council is a request for the variance of minimum lot with. I guess you all want to. They're both hand in hand. I mean, is the we do them together? Let's vote to do them together. The motion in the second was already done. If we're okay with public comment. All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on the variance. Miss Shanghai. Yes. No. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nile. Yes. Motion approved. All right. So now we can move into the preliminary plaid public here. 7.1's request for a preliminary plaid approval. A petition of lot 7a of block 9 creating lot 7a1. 7a2 for John Harvey located in section 79t. 7sr3e. And council in your packet. Gen I'm 7.1. There's a there's a letter from. Again, I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. I'm going to. Icellence. There's a letter from. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll. There's a letter from. Gary to you. joue. Pam or Gary. You want to. Tell us. You. Any main council. Before you is a preliminary plaid. To somebody by existing lot. They probably are just did on allowing single-played homes to be Place there and now that they can be placed there we can move forward with this spot Because of its size it doesn't need an ADRC review from LC gene so it's done in house Now we have a few comments before we approve the plot and As I mentioned earlier, we can also include a comment to Set up a drainage easement on the western property lines. Yeah to coincide with existing drainage Yep, I agree with that Any questions on Garrett's review in the comments there any questions? All right Garrett, thank you so There the as Garrett outline if you choose to move forward please make the motion With the recommendation of the letter from Garrett including A drainage easement on the western side of the property What's the pleasure of the council? Mr. Nylon I'll make a motion for the included including the Drainage easement on the west side of the property all right. Thank you All right motion by councilman Nylon second by councilman Bulls-Johnneau's any further council discussion Any public comment relative to the subdividing of these two parcels into or one parcel into two All right, there's no public comment miss Kitchen, please call the vote No, Mr. Bulls-Johnneau. Yes, Mr. Nylon. Yes, yes, yes motion approved All right, thank you, Mr. Harvey and we'll work with you with the next steps. Thank you All right resolutions 8.1's resolution 2025 23 a resolution Authorizing the mayor to enter into an intergovernmental cooperative endeavor agreement with the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development For the transfer of the ownership operation and maintenance of a portion of state highway LA 92 one known as Young Street from its junction with the local road known as La Riviera road proceeding east approximately Point two miles to the city of Young'sville corporate limits Just to give you a little greater context on this this is as you know and as we've shared with the public before We are the recipient of a grant award to fund a Roundabout at this intersection. This is the four-way stop sign where the flashing red light is It's at the city limits of Bruce Arden Young'sville So this is where Young'sville and Bruce start have an opportunity to work together and build The build around about here with it 80% funded by the DOTD the request here before you is Whenever if you go to the east of that intersection It is a state road today if east of the bridge so the city of Young'sville has the bridge at that intersection But if you go east of there, it's a state road which if it remains a state road We're going to have a lot more red tape to go through relative to the design and the approval process for this intersection So what we're requesting is to take local ownership of that point two miles from DOTD And there is provisions where we would receive funds in exchange for it that are outlined in here Finded 165,092 dollars for that point two miles So basically we would take ownership of the road in exchange for 165,000 We would use that money to put towards road improvements since we'll need a 20% match as this grant you know goes further along Councilman Shalpoin motion to approve. All right. Thank you, ma'am Miss Barra all right second from councilman Barra's any council discussion any public comment Okay, no public comment this get you please call the vote on the resolution Mr Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Nyland. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, motion approved All right 8.2 is resolution 2025 24 resolution authorized in the mayor the city of young zoo to execute a Cooperative endeavor agreement and all necessary documentation between the Louisiana Department of Treasury State of Louisiana the city of young zoo to an appropriation from act 461 of the 2025 regular legislative session for road improvements this is Basically just the paperwork shuffle we received 250,000 from state Senator Brock Meyers at the con during this most recent legislative session It's a direct appropriation that I've requested In the funds will be used for road improvements. So this is for to facilitate that process Mr. Volgiano all right. Thank you, sir. Miss jump on all right. Thank you any council comment or any public comment All right, no public comment miss Gidry please call the vote Mr. Nyland. Yes, yes, yes, yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, yes Okay, ordinances for public hearing and final adoption this evening. We have to a gen item 9.1 is ordinance 498 2025 in ordinance of the city of young zoo Louisiana I'm in the code of ordinances chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments Council miss jump on thank you mayor I'll motion to approve but in saying that I would like to thank everyone that's been involved in getting this ordinance out is taken three or four months for us to get it together We have we've had several meetings with the developers and I think we've come to a very good document You know, we've we've looked at what was important to everyone So I want to thank Nicole and the mayor and Pam for getting together on this on this ordinance to help with the tnd and I think we've all we've all compromised a little bit which is a good thing So I think it's become a very good document Thank you, ma'am All second already in a second by council member Volgiano I'll just add that councilman shampaine brought I think a good start to the ordinance for introduction and through the process, you know in talking to all some of the stakeholders I do think that This addresses a lot of the initial concerns that we had the frame of mind that I looked at it through was If we have the opportunity to have another tnd in the city of youngsville I felt it was important to document our knowledge To have just as a footprint of best practices or hopefully now in the case of an ordinance of how we should approach a new tnd in the future in my perspective this particular ordinance tonight as it's before you for adoption does a couple of things one it maintains developer creativity which I think is important because to do a development of this magnitude really takes If some creativity some you know heavy lifting on the terms of a of a developer coming here It strengthens the council's oversight because what we're asking for here is That every plat that comes before us is really tied to the master plan recognizing that the master plan may still be subject to change But through the process of referencing the master plan during each plat approval I think it also gives our residents more opportunity to be engaged in the process So as we're approving individual Pieces of what could be a future tnd will always have what that master plan vision was before us just to make sure that The the concept is still staying there while it does have some adjustments for market conditions so Those I think are the three wins for I think it it maintains Design control to the developers strengthens the the councils oversight and their their role and it also allows the residents the opportunity to be more engaged each phase of the process and it'll start off with a review of The tnd's master plan So I know that there's some talk or some concern about are we going to have another one Bailey Grove 1600 houses potentially you saw that in the headlines What we saw that night keep in mind was really just the conceptual the concept of the master plan So should they decide to move forward as a traditional neighborhood development the first step would be they would come back We'll go through the master plan again and then individually each Each phase of the platter approval. So I also want to thank Simone and the developers for their for their voice in the process. So is there any council comment or any public comment Yes I just want to thank um, sorry, I lost my voice this week. Um, I just wanted to thank mr. Ambein for Not only doing this which helped The residents of sugar mill pond She involved the a joy board in it. She made sure that we were kept in the loop every step any changes thoughts sat us down and gave us a voice to tell her like what some of our concerns are and she took that and ran with it So we appreciate you very much For doing that into the you know for the whole council getting together and tweaking it. I know it was important um To the developers after talking to Jordan a couple of times about things that you don't really think about when you're reading it It sounds oh, but then you got to tweak a little bit So I appreciate your hard work because I know it was it was a lot of hard work and a lot of time from all of you Getting it to where it needs to be so thank you And thank you for a great job with the pumpkin with the patch at the park by the way So I'll give you a little recap How about I will yield some of my time to our announcements for you to tell us about it Is there any other public comment relative to the adoption of the ordinance? All right Nicole please call the roll Yes, yes, Mr. Volgiano Yeah, yes, yes Thank you 9.2 ordinance 397.1 2025 in ordinance amending chapter 107 commercial development requirements section 107 Five architecture to revise the acceptable building materials for exterior walls Motion by councilmember nylon and second by councilman barres I didn't bring it down, but I think everybody at the introduction saw one of the building materials that we're gonna With the adoption of this ordinance will be an acceptable building material And excited to share depend upon your direction tonight. We have Of potentially our first project on most of the matter parkway that's gonna be using that design that Material for the exterior Or any public comment All right, there's no public comment misgidry. Please call the roll Miss barres. Yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, motion crew. All right. Thank you Nicole It's the Pam you want to go first on your projects And then we'll go a Susan Chief if you have anything Okay, we'll do we'll do that. Thanks Okay on the 2024 roadway improvements We have been patching along highway 92 and striping throughout the city and that work should be complete by next week Highway 89 we are working on the west side curbing inlet tops Trying to finish this select fill and then we will be asked vaulting those two lanes on the west side Fortune road next Monday. We will start the last arm of the roundabout Which should take about three months weather permitting and knowing that we have holidays start in six weeks Highway 92 the left turn lane projects that advertised yesterday. We will bid on November 12th And we hope to bring that to the council for approval next month because we'll bid it before then and have everything ready Shimei Agriyap same thing it advertised yesterday bids November 12th and we hope to bring that forward Larrivia road that is moving along nicely the east side drainage. We're at south side high school on the east side So that's moving pretty fast We still want to make sure that everybody knows it is southbound only People you know there are people who still go around the cones and the many road signs and go northbound We'd appreciate if everybody could still go southbound only Press got around about we're 80% complete with design Anzlam Detention pond as with detention pond we're still waiting on the core permit. I will give them a couple more weeks and then I think I'm going to Access the congressman Hey, I didn't we're really needing a core permit for that you have to for the outfall It's it's really yes You we had to have it on all the other ones, but on our other detention ponds you had to get one Most of what it's called is it's a no permit required because we are above the normal water line and we are not we are impacting less The 10th of an acre of wetlands, but you still have to go through the process and we waited months on them to Agree on our Environmental wetlands jurisdictional that said we were not going to impact so first they had to prove it So we had to call the congressman's office to to nudge the lady who was ignoring Lucas and that got her nudged And so then they immediately said okay, so submit the no permit required paperwork which we did and I think it's time I'm going to have to have that congressman I'll have seen this video so they just might need a nudge here is another one bureaucracy, but It's part of what you have to do Again, we did it on all the other ones that happened quicker. Yeah, this has just been very slow. It's been a year It's been a year that we've been working with this same individual And part of the excuse was that they Were on a freeze of being able to travel so she couldn't come out to approve the way Can't make this up there Highway 89 phase two we're about 30% complete with that design on phase two And that's all I have I'll take any questions. Phase two where Highway 89 okay, you're face to yes Going south towards gripping yes One thing I want to underscore that Pam said the work on the Fortune arm of the roundabout is gonna require a closure of that intersection But only it's not gonna impact young so highway traffic. Right. It's just gonna impact churning on to fortune From 89 from 89 and then fortune you're just you just need to go west on fortune Yeah, so we're gonna know if you're if you live on fortune Don't try to go east to highway 89 you will be able to access the gas station You will not but we have to we have to concrete that we have 300 feet remaining So we're not talking about a long amount, but we have to finish that last arm of the roundabout So we're gonna put out the communication on that tomorrow. Just want to give everybody a heads up about it And the roundabout is massive But it's not being we're nowhere near its design You snown you want to talk about that? Yes, yes, I've had a few questions about It's kind of you know that is it one lane is it two lanes like what's going on once you're in the roundabout correct So it is going to be a two lane roundabout it is striped, you know Because when we got the striper out there we striped it all But the contractor has coned and barricaded to get people to use one lane However, there's some of the areas we had to transition just because it's two lanes But it's meant to have two lanes coming into it southbound two lanes going into it northbound So you know you're gonna have four lanes on highway 89 So without that there are some things that appear to be off-centered there are some things that kind of Appeared to people that it doesn't make as much sense. So we're trying with the cones to be able to direct people So for instance when you come off with fortune you turning right to come south It is an interesting turn But that's because you're turning into what will become Northbound lanes and won't be southbound lanes So it the roundabout when they poured the concrete they did do the whole thing But until we're finished with all these lanes it does appear that You know for some you know that it's that it's an accident where you need to happen as some people say But if you just follow the cones and you stay within the cones We wanted to make sure that the 18 wheelers delivering gas and everything had Enough room to go around Which is why we've left it wide So once you see the other lanes and everything is all you it will make a lot more Sense and it won't feel so wide because there will be multiple course that are going to be going through at the same time So just proceed with caution if you're going 35 miles an hour Like you're supposed to in the intersection and all through the whole construction site then it's a lot easier But um when you go on 45 or 50 Um, you know, just please be careful as people come in any any questions, but that I do have schematics of the churn lanes if anybody's interested on e-smilting I'm I'm happy to share after the meeting Any other questions? All right. Thanks Pam Susan So on the wastewater plant we do have a notice to proceed effective Monday, October 13 And they need to be complete by October of 2022 2020-26 Um, the water plant we were supposed to have a startup this week that they needed some more time to tweak some things So we're hoping within the next two weeks we'll have a startup Um, and then we're still working on the two pump station upgrades uh awaiting funding That's it That's it. That's a lot Council I didn't make a copy for you yet, but I will before you leave we we were given October 1st the notice from lus that our wholesale water rates going up 46.2 percent 22% of it's going to be January 1st the second 20% is going to be January of 2027 I share that with you because I because I don't think I know the news of us coming online with our own water plant Is is uh is that a good time and Susan and I and our team have had a lot of discussions about what we can do to further accelerate our service area We've been strategic on how we brought improvements to you from doing the first population projection and 2017 So we still have more water improvements beyond this plant coming online Those future improvements are will enable us to service more footprint of the city I think Based on the rate increase I think it's incumbent upon us to to look at ways that we can accelerate those opportunities to Being controlled more of our destiny And we have stuff that's designed today. We have interconnections that are designed An elevated water storage tower that's designed Today that we've been just strategic about How we've wanted to implement Due to funding and just to gradually increase You know our our service footprint So it's a good time to it's a good time for our own plant to come online one day Not day one when the plant starts when you make sure everything's working right But then over the few weeks beyond that we'll be able to enlarge our service footprint Today This we do have our own water plant. It just services a small footprint the initial village of youngsville back in the early Our back in the 90s the decision was made by the leadership then that it was going to be more cost effective for then the town of youngsville to buy water wholesale And that strategy was the best decision at the time it worked well When we came into office we wanted to Look down the road literally figuratively and I'm glad we did because now we're on the cusp of really being in charge of our own Destiny relative to water because it is becoming a little bit more of a precious commodity if you will particularly in light of the rate increases But on as soon as we enhance our service footprint Uh, we're going to be serving about seven times more population With our plant than we are servicing today on our plant So our plant will be the more dominant one When you know in in precinct so I'm going to share that this with you Because as we go forward, I don't know how Uh, I don't know what the what we'll have to do with our own water rates to to be able to absorb this But we'll take a look at it and come back to you with some recommendations I don't think we'll be able to absorb an entire 22% increase on January 1st and then another 20% on January 1st But we'll take a look at that the service area that we have our plants is service more And I'll come back to you with some recommendations Any questions All right Susan thank you and Alex just stepped out as well But I know Alex and Terry they've been working hard on this as well. So I appreciate them What's that? What the water plant Next couple weeks Tim On the sport program inside Delt's off all beach volleyball indoor volleyball F&A Flagfoot ball and southside use soccer all continue Southside use soccer will have their Halloween habit tournament October 24th through the 26th Our girls volleyball into the season tournament will be this weekend Then all story valuations and all store teams will begin practicing Biddy basketball is registering right now And all the tennis programming continues The Rec Center all the pickleball leagues council on agent and free play continue Arca cookoff will have their cookoff at the Rec Center parking lot on side of the October 25th And then the VFW cookoff will be at the Rec Center parking lot Saturday November 1st Some things that going on at foster park out of the darkness suicide walk will be this Saturday And due to that the chambers farmers market will be in the open area at the expansion This Saturday and return the foster park on Saturday November 8 And then councilman nylons healthy kids running series continues and it'll continue this Sunday The new expansion we just had the rotary patch the park National national night out Um, we have the send wellness yoga festival which will be Saturday October 18th And then born to in our Savius Church will have a harvest festival which will be October 31st from six to eight at the expansion And then the aluminum fence in you'll see start to go up Which we feel make the inclusive playset Safer for the children to play there and The funds for that are coming directly from the Lions Club You know for the inclusive playset In questions for ten Jennifer you want to tell oh yeah councilman nylon You go on Going up is it it's going to be locked that no, it's not going to be closed and gated okay All right You know the club Yes So patched the park was a hit this year Um other than the rain the rain kicked in around two Uh, we had some vendors kind of pack up and leave and this and that but um it was a it was a huge hit We had 82% of our active Rotarians volunteered their time Which is an all-time high of volunteers from our club um We raised we profited I should say a raise 34,000 dollars so seven thousand dollars more than last year We were kind of nervous about that since last year was the opening we were Kind of scared that uh, we may not Reach that number because we had a lot of people from like the Lions Club doing their thing opening the the Playground and then we had the sports for all was there there was a lot of things going on We Haley did a geofence Um, and we had approximately 3000 people attend Uh, so we're very very excited about that um increased we are able to fund All of our projects for next year already So we write you know like like I said 34,000 dollars um, we already have 30 of that earmarked We actually gave away 15,000 dollars sat a Sunday on the stage to our grant recipients think we had a total of 12 11 11 grant recipients of varying amounts Um, and then that also funds our scholarship program For may is already funded so whatever we do on our pick-of-all tournament. We're gonna find another project Uh So we're gonna find another project for that but it went great Kudos to Tim and his staff uh They were excellent if they were so fantastic uh helped us out tremendously Made sure everybody got there made sure everybody was taking care of extra trash cans uh because We had some donated from waste management and they just kept blowing away in the wind So the weather got us but other than that uh, we had a fantastic turnout And couldn't be happier with the results Well, congratulations Talk to the rotary and thank you all for your involvement in the in the community and all the investment back into the local projects and scholarships See uh chief for Terry you think Yeah, we had a great turnout for national running out out. I'd like to thank all the vendors and the supporters and local agencies that came to assist Those are great success. Thank you. Thanks chief Haley Okay Well As Tim mentioned farmers market just to reminder it is this Saturday we are gonna be Just outside of the entrance to the sports complex expansion in that grassy area So there will still be access to a playground and restrooms right there Next to the farmers market. So please come out and support our our vendors in the chamber I also want to highlight a couple of other chamber events that are gonna be taken place On October 25th is the fall boutique crawl from 10 to 4 so Basically, it's an opportunity to go and visit all of our boutiques and shops around town And so please go and look for more information on the chamber website Enjoy us as we go and say thanks to our boutiques for Choosing youngsville to have their business Also on October 29th is gonna be the sweet life after five business networking event So I encourage you all to come out Meet our local businesses Come and say hello to our chamber members and network with everyone. It is gonna be at agave Also swinging for the sweet life golf tournament is on Friday, November 14th We still are looking for teams to register. So if you want to come out and place some golf that day out at the Like LaVotion. Yes, couldn't remember Come on out to the country club and swing some Golf clubs with us Also one thing that I wanted to bring up is on Saturday, October 25th. We are doing a Howloweine Costume party Pups out at the bark park So if you are a permit holder for the youngsville bark park You should have received an email, but there is also more information on The wet on the sports complex website the place to register for the Part for the costume contest And the party is the same place where you purchase your bark park permit So go on there register. It's $10 to enter per pup And obviously the public is welcome to come and join and see all of the adorable dogs in their costumes That's it. Thank you, Haley Any announcements from the council Mr. Bullshotter. Yeah, um I just wanted to give another shout out and an appreciation of Haley and Tim Josh For the phenomenal job for the long day o concert. I knew that was really just a gamble for us I think as Mayor Wilson did when we had the expansion of the complex years ago And we did the same thing with the amphitheater and to see the first event there live in in place. It was just second to none We were committed by her staff And all of the management team to see how much our facility was just top notch and how everything was operated So kudos to them And we appreciate that looking forward to the next concert Lastly, I've been in talks with Sarah Governor Landry's regional director Just discussing the Road condition of Giat Road or how it ain't on South to Piotte The discussion we had the few years ago was us taking ownership of it But we weren't going to do that under the current condition how poor it was Assuminent an email to her and many discussions just how poor of the roads deteriorated since then Not only for emergency responders, but the entrances into all the neighborhoods off of that roadway She's working with them to get the funding in place. Hopefully at any of this year Into next year's budget year that we can try to get that going before we would want to take ownership of that so Trying to continue those conversations to hopefully get that accomplished for next budget year Great. Thank you. Thank you Yeah, Giat's just south of Gofresh is a state road. So you appreciate that coordination Miss Shampon. Yes, thank you mayor Can you talk a little bit about the Bennett dedication on November 1st? I'll be prior to our next meeting and I know mr. Miller was supposed to be here tonight but yet another engagement Yes, happy to Miss Shampon is correct on November 1st in conjunction with the the VFW cookoff For our local VFW chapter a group of local citizens veterans I have come together to Create a memorial a crew create a monument a guess of memorial at the Youngsville Sports Complex Recreation Center outside of that space Stephen Bennett is the only recipient in Youngsville of the Medal of honor which is extremely prestigious It was awarded to him after his death because of the sacrifice he made in the Vietnam War So Through the years his names come up a couple of times. I know he was one of the names that was mentioned for the naming of southside high school When when the school board was considering names for for that school So we have I think Hayley has one outside here Yeah, so when you leave here into the lobby we have a A fire for posted also to the entrances of city hall and I think there's somewhere around town So and I posted it on the city's Facebook today as well. Okay, so it's also also on the city's Facebook page today So great tribute for for a selfless man that did a lot and I know they put a lot of work into it as you said up. I think Maybe family members of the person that Survived it was a plain accident will be in attendance is my understanding So that's on November 1st and at 10 a.m. I believe 10 a.m So yeah great opportunity there to honor our vets because it's gonna be right near the the VFW gumbo chili cookoff same day So thank you a Simone. That's a great great catch There's two things I want to share if there's no other council announcements one is I want to congratulate Garrett Garrett Noel has just received his PE designation that's a professional engineer Garrett's been a degree civil engineer for Several years, but in order to get the PE designation behind his name He's had to do additional studying coursework and work under the supervision of other Engineers, so we're proud of him Garrett serves as our floodplain manager and he also reviews commercial plans and for us here at the city and he's involved in the residential plan Review process too, so Garrett congratulations And then one one additional comment. I wanted to make about 89 and ask you to comment on but I'll share it with people that have asked But if you know if you hear anybody asking about Highway 89 young so highway we reopened it in their seven I count them every time I go down the street seven Speed bumps if you will The reason a simple the reason is because There still needs to be a final lift of asphalt on that road, so I was anxious to get the road open again For the public and part of that is just keep them on the road is still under construction Why couldn't we do that final lift of asphalt? We the at the Contractor in the engineers Want to do the final lift of asphalt across all four lanes of young so highway at the same time In part the reason is the striping that's there today is temporary When you have two-way traffic striping is yellow And so that's temporary when we when we striped to open the full road Rather than going through a exercise of sandblasting the striping off It'll be a final lift of asphalt and then the final striping So yes, we know that there's bumps there. It's temporary Just as we talked about that round about that intersection is definitely not being used to it's It's full potential. So Any other announcements from the council? All right, there's no other business as there are motion to adjourn All right, miss champagne motions second by mr. Nylon all in favor Media in adjourn you'll have a great evening. Thank you