just getting involved. I Think that could make a big difference I agree Any other council, any public comment related to this All right, there's no further public comment. I'm a skidger. Just call the vote in the resolution. Miss Ryo. Yes, Mr. Volga. Yes, Mr. Romero. Yes, Mr. Sanbury. Yes, yes Yes All right, we have two ordinances for introduction introduction tonight If adopted this evening they'll come back to our future council meeting for another vote to be considered for adoption the first one is ordinance 481 2023 an ordinance of the city of Young Zulu, Louisiana Aminning section 24 23 rates established Prescribing the rates charges and deposits for solid waste and recycle service accounts Service by the city of Young Zulu, Louisiana Merrill introduced ordinance number 481 2023. All right. Thank you, Mr. Stan's very Second all right second by councilman Ryo I'll tell you this briefly about it The only change that I think that we're proposing in this is the waste garbage garbage cost we've been holding at $20 for residential pickup since 2019 in April of 2019 we've been at base rate of our flat rate of $20 for garbage With $10 for an additional card since that time We've we've had the normal Consumer price index increases from our provider waste management that we've absorbed and we've not passed on To to the residents what we're proposing is to move from solid waste removal and recycle and also let me say that the cost to recycle His has gone up significantly It's my opinion that our residents still place a great value on the recycling service We've seen some other communities that have discontinued that program But I feel that we can still deliver because of the participation that we have in the recycling program I still think that we can offer that service to our residents What we're asking for after going through this last year's audit is to move the $20 for Trash and recycling to $23 With an additional card cost from 10 to $12 So and it's really just to make the adjustments to make sure that that we're not subsidizing the garbage collection service In our community and I think fairly if we were to account all of our expenses that are garbage related To the garbage department like the the once and twice a month sweeps for heavy debris items and branches at the roadside we're not Expensing that to the garbage department we're absorbing that in our streets expense Which is and it is an appropriate spot to do it But if we allocated truthfully all of our expenses for garbage We would see this amount even be higher And then just one further point you know, it's never a good time to ask for a rating crease So therefore I did provide the council and their packets with some information About prior to 2019 it was 2017 when we went from 18 to $20