this is what you're getting off. This is what you might gain. This is what you might lose. I mean, if someone's going from patrol to SRO, you got to take the good with the bad. You know, like, I mean, hey, you're getting a good, sweet gig, you know, working in a school, a lot less, you know, probability of, you know, gunfighter, other stuff, but you're going to lose a little time off. I disagree with the gun fight part. That's why that's why we're there. Well, you know what, Cody, I'm going to disagree too that, you know, 45 to 50,000 or more dollars being thrown out by a simple act is ridiculous. That's a simple fact of the line of my apologize. I've got kids in schools and I'm in and out of the schools all the time and I haven't heard of one gun fight at the school. In Young'sville. So I'm just leaving that. Should I suggest that the board that they go back to the original rules and only, um, change the hours of the police officers that work 12 hours shift. I mean, it's a part of the ground. Everybody is supposed to go from 12 days to 15 days in the department or is it just. There was no, the rules that we had before were set in place before I ever started working here. Yeah, this was set in place in 2013. Okay. So we had to we had to change to large municipality and the officer state examiner is the one that told the board us that we had to go to 15 days times 12 is what a patrol officer works. Took a long time to get, you know, all this back and forth with the office, the officer state examiner. But do I need to tell them that we need to go back to what the original keep at admin like it is and up up patrol officers? Well, I mean, my my thought would be that based on what the examiner's are telling you is that the 12 hour employees should be 15 days. Okay. So that probably should have been what it is anything else for any other eight hour employees probably needs to come via the chief to the council for a budget amendment. I think that's really essentially that's what it is. I mean, it'd be like Tim's department decided to say, hey, instead of eight hour employees, they're all going to be 10 hour. We're going to pay them a little bit extra without, you know, getting the budget, getting it approved. And I don't think the intent was ill will by any means by you three. I think you're just trying to be clean and clean things up. Yeah, because this started this started probably us working on the new rules maybe last August. So around that time, I don't want this to come as a I'm attacking you. No, no,