with the, uh, okay, the minimum width of what a private alley would be, it's really too tight to put it anywhere other than the front. I mean, I'd love to hide it. It's kind of is what it is. Um, we did as far as the parking variants, it's, um, we're still have the two cars per house, we just don't have it attached to each house. Okay. Councilman Romero, can I ask the question that based upon what you're asking since you go on one by one? Is it okay if I ask the question? Please. I just, one of my questions is since the parking is detached. So when I look at this, are you individually selling them? Because where will your lot lines be? As I see a variance on setbacks, setbacks that shown here is as if it's one lot, right? And you're going to have multiple buildings on one lot. But you can't sell it that way. So to sell it, you have to actually plant each building. Yeah. Correct. So then what happens? I'm just asking if a property owner or is it just that they're going to have a common area that's going to be, we talked about both scenarios. Um, I think that it's the desire that developer to, to have them subdivided. Um, but I said, you know, before you have Chad go through that exercise, I think that makes the most sense too, that it's feasible to where I mean, you don't want to limit yourself if you're able to subdivided and plated. But as, you know, as y'all know, we just haven't had a chance to talk about it. Okay. I was just asking that question. Yeah. We talked about setbacks. What will happen? Yeah. What would happen there is when he would have to, you know, divide it, divide the lots, probably create the parking as common area. I mean, there's mechanisms that he'd be able to do it. I just didn't want them to proceed with that type of preliminary plating process through LCG until we kind of got, you know, I'm trying to think back like y'all know, we've heard some, in cases where we've had annexations before it goes to two votes. But we started even doing like a preliminary vote like, hey, are y'all, are we good with this before we put, you know, the proposed, the person that's proposing to annex through the process. I mean, not everyone, I mean, it's not them or I can, you know, I think I can anticipate what would happen. But this is kind of like the, you know, we lit Miss Tess, are you good with it, you know, before he does that next step? So yeah, I just wanted to clarify if we do the, I'm okay if we do the variances, just make sure you clarify if it's the variance on the whole property that we just do in five and 10 and