 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you u are good Let's pray together. Father, we thank you for this day. You've given to us, Lord, we just so thankful today that there wasn't one second that we walked through this day alone. We thank you for your presence. And Father, we also give you gratitude tonight as we come together. We pray, Lord, that you'd give us vision, that you'd give us unity. And Father, give us grateful hearts, especially as we think about Thanksgiving being just a few weeks away. Today may we be grateful for being a part of this great community. Father, God, everything that is done this evening, and we pray this in your name. Amen. Amen. Pastor, thank you for your friendship and your support of Young Svelah. So, I think we have our... All right. Thank you. Thank you. Legislative leaders to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indomitable, with liberty and justice for all. All right, ready? Everybody, look at me. One, two, three. Great job, girls. Well, I want everyone to know that we have such a bright future because I had, we had a few special minutes before the meeting to visit and get to know these young ladies. They had some great questions. So some questions that I'm very proud about. And questions to things that we're really working on. Like, when are we going to get a chick filet? I want to know this. Yeah. So if anybody has any pull, please help us out. We'd love one. So, all right. Thank you all very much. And also, great questions about the road construction, too. So thank you all very much. All right. All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barrett, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, Mr. Eileen, Michelle Vine. All right. Thank you, Nicole. The seating, we have a couple of people that are going to be addressing the council. The first, excited to welcome Pastor Joe Kormier from First Assembly of the Youngsville to come forward. And he's going to tell us about the great work that's happening in our community to bring us the second annual Christmas under the stars event, which is coming up very soon. So, Pastor, welcome, sir. Thank you so much, Mayor. I have our event coordinator here, Jesse Griffin. She knows more about it than I do. So I just bought her, maybe share a little bit of some of the details. But I just want to just make this, make it announcement that we're going to be having our Christmas under the stars event December 13th at the Youngsville Sports Complex Amphitheater, powered by Slim Coe. And that's going to be it from 4 to 9 p.m. And the vision for this is, as I was reminded, that 2,000, little over 2,000 years ago, there was an event that took place that brought the world together in a very unique way. It brought together government officials caught their attention. It brought people from all over the world bearing gifts. It brought together in keepers and, you know, shepherds from the fields, people from the agricultural community. Camels. Camels, donkeys, you know, even some in keepers. So, you know, this event that we're going to have in Youngsville does something very similar. We've brought together the Chamber of Commerce, local churches, our sports complex, our government officials. And, but I think this time in a positive way, the government's involved. And all around the birth of Jesus Christ and the celebration of Christmas. So, again, that's going to be in December 13th from 4 p.m. to 9. So, I just want to take Jesse to take an opportunity, maybe give a little details about some of the new things that we're doing this year. So, this year we're really excited that we do have more community involvement and engagement this year, which is our goal. Stellar Beauty is actually stepping into to help us this year. They have a huge school that they're going to be helping us with. But this year our highlight presentation is our Living Bethlehem production, which we used to do every year at the Shurga Mill pond area. And we used to have a great turnout for that. And so, when we were asked last year to come back and do the Living Bethlehem production at the Amphitheater, we're like, let's do this. We're going to go full force. So, we're bringing it back to Living Bethlehem production with camels, donkeys, all the animals, all the live action, production, so that people and families can truly see and have representation of the true meaning of Christmas with some new elements that we're involving this year. We not only have the Living Bethlehem production, but we have Southside High School coming with some band ensembles. Arca, middle school is doing some choir, different choir presentations, and then years to grow. Daycare is doing some presentations as well. And then we're going to have some Cajun reading of the night before Christmas. We're going to have train rides out there with the polar express. We'll have Santa, we'll have the Grinch, Whoville. We're going to have a whole Bethlehem experience with a petting zoo, food trucks, a huge Christmas market this year that we're expanding with. And we're just really excited to have the community come out and gauge and just really have a fun night under the stars together with them. Thanks. So, yeah, excited about it. Thanks for the opportunity to put it on. And of course, we're always looking for sponsors, so if anybody's interested in sponsoring, this is a free event for our community. And we hope to keep it that way. And because we just want to share this season together with our community. So thank you so much. And it's for Monis when it is again. December 13th from 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. And I know you there's a Facebook page that's ready with all the information, sponsorship, opportunities. I can't thank you both enough. This type of event wouldn't be possible without first assembly. So thank you all sincerely and look forward to having a great event that night. Yeah, appreciate partnership. And thanks, Hayley, for the farmers market, which is going to be with the Chamber of Commerce. So it's always awesome. Thank you. Thank you. Let's see, just quickly before we move on, I wanted to recognize Ms. Karen Cox, Ms. Karen, I'm sorry that about the passing of your husband. He was a true friend of our community and I'm grateful to see you here this evening. So just in case I forget to tell you later. And happy birthday to you also. Yes, ma'am. All right. All right. A gen item 3.2. I've asked. Let me read the agenda item and then I'll explain it a little bit more. McBaid engineers and consultants presentation on pedestrian and parking enhancements for sugarmobot. Over the, just for the council and the public's benefit recently, had some dialogue with members of the sugarmobot community, the HOA board members, councilman Shampon, just the entire community about, about how can we do that in other things that we can do as a community to perhaps help slow people down a little bit in sugarmobot in particular. But I think it's a great question that that we can apply towards pretty much any part of our community. So what started as a request for something unrelated. I think that we're going to be asking Pam with looking kind of 30,000 foot viewpoint at sugarmobot. Just to see if there's any opportunity now that the neighborhood's growing a little bit further to see if there's any type of traffic, calm, or things like that. And really just to help educators on where four way stops may be appropriate, where, you know, the pros and cons of speed bumps things like that. It was a good, she did a great job of presenting the information to me. I've taken the opportunity to where we've shared it with the board members. And now we're here to share it with all of you. So Pam, I'll let you take it from there. Got it. All right. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Council. As you know, kind of like it's just to start this out. I want to explain before we get too far into it. As everybody knows, we always talk about sugarmobot. The TND. It is not your typical residential subdivision. So resident residential subdivisions typically don't have striping, don't have crosswalks. But TNDs are mixed development. It is not considered. It is not a luxury off. It is not a private. It is mixed. So because of the fact that it has commercial, it could have educational multi family. It's going to have through traffic. And you're going to have all of these other types of buildings besides just single family residential. So it may warrant some striping and some other features in order to slow traffic down, but also provide everything that we keep saying that we want to see in a TND. So we first started out based on again, like any investigation. It's like, okay, what are what's the feedback? But we didn't just we went out and observed ourselves. Me and several of my staff members in the day in the morning and at night. We also looked at different videos that people had taken and everything else. Okay. And plus, you know, we're very familiar with all of the different plans as it's going on. As you know, I've been doing this for 12 years for the city. So have a lot of history. So we looked at a palfrey from Shaman, Metri, all the way to Bona in particular at Bella Vista and Waterview and at Royals, Linberg, especially near principles list, oceans, especially at Edgemere. Right there by the school, Shore Drive, Royals, Gantt, Waterview, and then of course, it's many years we were asked and in some areas not necessarily are sometimes not just a crosswalk, but we looked at 92 in East Milton as a crosswalk. Some of the observations, of course, there's no lane. There's no parking striping within the development, except near what people refer to as the city center. There's limited lighting and residential areas is that would be expected. But by the same token, if you're in the park area, it's not very well lit up. I stood there talking with some residents and watched a couple of near misses with people passing stop signs. Again, you know, just not necessarily speeding, but shows you that a stop sign and a four way stop is not your answer to everything as popular belief might be. We talk about it and we refer to it as a walkable community. If you have a walkable community side, it doesn't stop at a sidewalk because every time they try to cross the street, you're playing chicken. So if you don't have a sidewalk, guess who has the right way, the vehicle. So if we want to make this a walkable community, I'm looking at it and saying, we can't have everybody play chicken. And if you want to crosswalk at 92, you're not playing chicken from one end of sugar mill pond all the way to the school. So that's the kind of, as the mayor said, 30,000 foot level. I'm looking at it with everything everybody saying. Speed tables, everybody wants a speed bump speed tables. That is not necessarily always the answer. In out there and observation, what we noticed is there are tons of lawn care companies coming in with their trailers. So imagine being in the house. That would be right outside of that speed bump. So one of the things years ago when we talked about if people wanted speed bumps, what Latvia does with Tony Tramble had said was you get 75% of the people on the street where the street bumps want to be to all be on it. And then you show people where it needs to be based on engineering and 90% of the time nobody wants to speed bump if they know it's going to be. But the amount of noise that it would make. The safety it reduces emergency vehicles time to respond police and fire. So and then you know buses everything. So we looked at all of that and said that's just by watching everything that's not. So we took that off the table. And then of course lots of people don't necessarily like the through traffic. It was built that it was designed that way. It was designed the right way to have people you can't have that many hundreds of homes and it just be inclusive of itself. It's not. It's not commercial. It's got schools. It has to have through and that's exactly what it's supposed to and you have through traffic and river range. So that's just what you have. You notice so when we considered we looked at what we as engineers referred to as MUTCD the manual on unified traffic control devices. That's the reason why all stop signs in the United States are red with white. So you had to know a different color in Louisiana to Florida. You wouldn't know how to drive. So let's not make up a use of a traffic control device different in young's deal. Then it is somewhere else. That's why we have that. We looked at pedestrian safety. Yes speed reduction of vehicles. We want to look at the response of emergency vehicles. What's the what's the challenge with emergency vehicles right now. The future the connectivity for the walkable community that we want it to be it's and everybody likes about it noise impacts impacts infrastructure. Another thing with speed table speed bumps most of the corners where people would want them. There's drainage structures right there. We can't have them you know even in the neighborhood I lived in when it had it down on 100 oak strife. The road on either side of it you would see the pavement degrading from the water sit there because nobody took into account that you changed the drainage pattern by putting a big speed table. So to put a speed table in those areas we would have had we have to do all kind of curb work and everything so it's not as easy as people think put a little bit of asphalt. So we looked at that when we and we wanted cost effective and functional. The one thing I know from doing government work from 32 years of my life is that you have cost effective and functional and we all have budgets you all have budgets so we looked at that too. And then the constructability of it what can we construct what can we make functional while people are living there this is not new this is the development people live in. So the use of a four way stop stop signs or not for traffic calming let me say that again they are not for traffic calming you are not going to ever see Pam Graj and most engineers say let's add a four way stop to calm traffic. So that there are watch people blow through stop signs that's not the purpose of them that is not how they are to be used you use four ways of four way stop signs when you have equal and opposite traffic. So you got the same amount of traffic either way and you're trying to give everybody a chance to go. Intersections where there's accidents hard to maneuver dangerous site conditions all make sense near school you're trying to do so and prior to doing that you should have notification let people know that you're going to have a stop sign. Coming through there so the answer to traffic calming is not stick four way stops all over the place traffic calming devices are speed bumps cushions humps tables that's just how big they are and how but it's all the same thing everybody says it just how wide they are how high. Chokers you can do diverters traffic circles which are around about but small but it's just a little many lane narrowing signage striping you can realign intersections you can divert you can raise them like what Brusar just did at that intersection. Brusar you can do a median island many of those that you see are all structural we looked at different things you would be changing everybody's patterns they cost a lot more money the constructability takes longer so we focused in on lane narrowing signage and striping because that stuff that we felt was cost effective functional could be constructed and we don't have to deal with all the drain engine everything. So we focus the striping and signage and the only structural improvements that would be needed is those to extend some sidewalks that didn't quite line up and or to do any pipes that we need there's a couple areas we have to add some pipes to extend those sidewalks like at my principles list. So the four ways the one four way stop that we saw is that oceans and edge mirror you have a school that lets out you have an intersection that's why because it's a boulevard you have humongous boulders that are placed in the median. So if someone is trying to maneuver on edge water they have to make sure that they miss the boulders and that they can cross while the cut while the traffic would not be stopping on oceans backsept traffic but we can see people playing chicken trying to race across it so that one because it makes it hard to maneuver there is a school nearby and because of how it's laid out it's best that that becomes a four way stop that's our recommendation. Posting 15 mile mile prayer speed limit, whether it's signs or markings on the roadway letting everybody know you have 12 entrances and everybody needs to know when they come in the sugarmobot on the speed limits 15 miles an hour. Pedestrian crosswalks because we are recommending some crosswalks and they not only have to be striped but we need to have the proper signage and so we are recommending signs on either side and I'll have some graphics but also they make a sign that you put in the center of the road a small one that basically tells people it's the law you need to yield to pedestrians and a crosswalk. And we're recommending those at Palfrey in Belavista, Palfrey in Barton Terrace and Lindbergh and Lake Christ and crosswalk with lighted signs flashing lights like what we have a day taught we are recommending at East Milton and and and west of Lake Christ. So striping considerations or crosswalks with signs laying narrowing. One thing you don't do is put a center line in a subdivision center lines just from all of studies and everything people's perception of a center line is well that's a roadway with a high speed and people tend to speed so we're not recommending center lines. We're recommending edge lanes on the roadways that also have parking because in a roadway that's beyond 28 feet the driver senses I have full flexibility of all of this to drive and they have nothing that makes them slow down. You may not notice it but when you're on a road and you see a white line coming out your right side you tend to slow down you tend to want to stay on that edge of that line. And so there's a lot of things that our own psyche sees with regards to lines which is the whole reason why we're recommending on those roads that have parking on the side right now it's just all all you see is black pavement is to make sure that everybody knows where your travel lane is and what is part of it. And that's why we're recommending that you're taking a roadway to a parking to desi and that is road narrowing because you're restricting the drivers that here's where you're supposed to drive. And that has been proven to reduce speeds five to seven miles an hour in a residential area. They have what's called optical speed bars. And so there's a lot of things that are not going to be possible because of those but optical speed bars if as you put these and they're not really they're just striping. You put them closer as you get towards the stop sign that you want to make sure people don't run because as they get closer you put the stop bars closer and it gives them the perception that they think that they're going faster and it will slow them down. Again, it's it's the way the mind looks at these lines and then stop bars again. A lot of people might not notice that sign but people's eyes are on the road they notice what's on the pavement. And so you lose a sign the wind goes down somebody hits the sign that's what you still have the stop for everybody knows when they get their driver's license with that big 20 inch white bar is across the lane. It's a stop bar. Speed limits again several of the there's lots of T and D's that we looked at there were case studies around that different places had the same issue. This is not Maryland Colorado several different ones and they some of them put speed what they called in entrance improvements and it was speed limits on the roadway. So if the signs didn't work also you can put arrows on crosswalks it gives the illusion of a speed table but it's not it's showing an arrow towards the sidewalk but again it makes people slow down. So there's areas that people should be parked at and we had several when you look into the area imagery even though there's ball bouts to show when you're trying because there are several things that have been done in the design of the roadway trying to ball about people are parking on the other side of the ball about and basically blocking traffic from being able to go through. So you have to state the obvious to some people that you can't park there because now you're going to make it hard for a car to get around and then turn lane at Paul Frey and Bonan. So this is what we see how they have the arrows that are approaching this crosswalk and so this is not a raised crosswalk it's an ad grade crosswalk which you see the illusion that it gives you your driving at night it brings a lot of attention for you to slow down in that particular area. Same thing with this one and you see the sign in the middle of the road alerting the driver and reminding the driver that there are the pedestrian has the right way. That's the sign we're talking about. This is speed the optical speed bars they can be any link they can be on the sides they can be halfway in the road but there were numerous examples of where they've used them in country roads in in subdivisions approach stop signs but that's what we're talking about it's not raised it is just paint. Many of them went to this i'm sure you've seen it I showed the mayor even in Ireland I saw pictures of where they're coming out around about people were coming too fast and they literally have slow and stuff like this on it so it's not uncommon whether you want to do slow or you want to do 30 miles in the 15 miles an hour to remind people who are not looking at the signage. This is a stop bar you can do it with or without the word stop but again tells people exactly what they need to do but you'd be surprised how many people are just blowing through a stop sign. So the recommendations we have at Paul free or cross walks at Barton Terrace in Bella Vista to align the sidewalks so again that people can walk across play signage and striping do white lane edge lines parking striping and then the turn lane and bone with diagonal striping at broiles stop bars with the stop signs optical speed bars and speed limit striping at the sign entrance and so here's some examples. So here is where the park area is and you can see the cross walks that we have on there so that people can see and we would have the signage appropriate. I do believe in a couple of areas you may have to you know we're recommending optical speed bars it may be something you do at first it may be something you come back and do but you may have to remind the drivers or do other things to make sure they slow down. But that was areas where people were asking about speed bumps and I would not want to be those five houses that are sitting there as they have two speed bumps with trailers coming back and forth but all of their all for those corners with the drainage we would have to adjust. So as you get so again having a cross walk across water view there again allowing people we're trying to get people to the park so let's give the pedestrian the right away to get to the park and not have to play chicken. And then here is our intersection of boils again I saw people blowing that stop sign there at Brawls and Palfrey but we have that big wide open at Palfrey right there by our commercial businesses it's just really wide open doesn't give when people come in doesn't give the illusion to make people slow down. So our recommendation with the yellow striping is to have one lane you have one lane on one side and one on the other and then we're going to add a turn lane on to Bonac is a lot of people turn left people who want to turn left getting the middle everybody's waiting to turn right you don't have enough room. And then we're also one of our other drugs a show are also recommending a cross walk right there we've got that beautiful sidewalk the city is spent money the developer has spent money but there's no way for you to get across the sidewalk to walk it right there so that's in essence what we would see that intersection you have a cross walk people entering in the subdivision see they have one lane stay in your lane you have the left turn lane coming out you have the right turn lane so again it's an enhancement for traffic flow. For pedestrian safety. Lindberg cross walks at Lake Crest align the sidewalks and signage white lane edge lines park striped parking striping stop bars and then the speed limit striped because we know I mean I think we've heard from is it sergeant mostly now. You know about how people really do not go 15 miles an hour there so there's a lot of parking there again people come in while there might not be many people parked their flying they've got 30 something feet of roadway that they can drive in and they're not slowing down so. And while you're slowing people down I think a lot of people recognize okay there's parking spots right there and so I think there's more parking within this development than people think but when something's not striped some people might be like cannot park there what can I do there it gives you the clear indication as the driver where you can park where you cannot park. And then these cross walks as you can see we're trying again if we're going to get people from sugar mill pond to that cross walk on East Milton I need to cross people and so to cross them that's a perfect place so not only to slow people down you've got that school there you've got. People maybe walk in their kids to principles list parking to be able to get their children and walking so to have cross walks there but then to be able to allow them to cross use the sidewalk on the side of sonic to eventually get to our sidewalk on East Milton so they can cross to go to school so again if you want to walk your kids to school I need to give you a safe way to get there not just the sidewalk not just a cross walk in the middle. And then how do you get there. This is just more just and then the center that's not a center line striping that is literally just our stationing and what we used on our for our work that we would do for a contractor so that's not a center line striping it's just edge line and parking striping. So broils cross walks at the streets along broils again there's a lot of you got sidewalks but then every time you need to cross let's let those pedestrians have a way to get across and get to Lindbergh parking striping on broils and a lot of areas you have parking on both sides which that area of people are really using a higher speed because again they have a very very wide roadway just open to do what I'm going to do. So we are recommending some optical speed bars basically at Paul free and and then on the approach with with gone. So you see how they're parking on both sides again we measured based upon how far you're supposed to be from an intersection we don't want again if people are parking all the way up to an intersection blocking people from having a clear view so everything we took into account how far you're supposed to be from an intersection blocking people from having a clear view. So how far you're supposed to be from an intersection so that people can see where they're going so again you know nothing real stop complicated it's pretty straight forward and then where there isn't and again we stop as you can see we're stopping the parking because that way people recognize there's no designated parking in those other areas. Sure I mean you have this great park once again we want to be able to get people to be able to cross to get to the great park and all of the sidewalks that they have in that area. So here optical speed bars speed limit at that entrance letting people know you're now in sugar mill it's 15 miles an hour you can pass through but you need to slow down. So again allowing and putting some crosswalks for the connectivity so people from the west side of shore can safely get to the park in the center and can cross and we can slow people down and let them know that the pedestrian has the right of way. The four way stop at edge mere we can choose to do stop ahead signs or optical speed bars again there's parking there it's it's very wide people go very fast. Right now that area is still being built out so there's a lot of people that don't slow down thinking I got all this room to move and they use it. So again striping to let people know that there's parking on the side and slowing them down with that edge lane. And then optical speed bars as they approach that four way stop making sure and then striping that up until the city center. Got water view again the white lane edge lines the park striping in the stop bars. So on that one we would have some extra because again we want to make sure to slow people down so there be some extra arrows that again that illusion that crosswalk example that I showed you all what's in black that's where we have to extend the sidewalk so we have to go from the roadway to the sidewalks you have on either side. We have to put a small piece of covert to make that happen in the ditch. But that one would have the button to press to be able to cross just like you do on daytime. So at this point thank you. At this point the only one that I can tell you that we are unless there's objection from the council that we are moving ahead with for certain is going to be this East Milton crosswalk because this is something that we've had conversations and we hope to replicate in other areas around the community closer to the city hall around like the revive area to get traffic from the thousand plus homes that are in copper field across to across I. And then we will move to the sidewalk to cross I. To the sidewalk which will eventually be the linear park and so forth. So that we plan to move ahead with I know that in tonight I'm not asking the council to take any action on this. I would like for the the neighborhood the development the developers maybe have some internal discussion since we're here. It's not actionable but if there's unless there's objection from the council I would like to hear from anyone that wishes to address the council after the council has an opportunity to comment about it. Clearly there's maybe some things that you like don't like that may give you pause our intention if we do move ahead with any or all of this would be we're going to request pricing for striping regardless because we have some other striping work that we want to do across our city. We just began that process of doing some of our refreshments of our roundabouts of shimmy metery road bone and road. We want to do someone shimmy metery parkway phase two like which is key towards south side. So we have other striping work to do we can add some of this stuff incrementally we can do none of it we can do all of it. We work for you guys ultimately we when we hear there's a problem we love the opportunity to try to troubleshoot and solve the problem. I did you know I know that and I won't speak for the chief but I do know that I believe they've increased some some traffic enforcement within the neighborhood. So perhaps that's enough but I wanted to share this for to kind of for informational purposes for the council for the residents of that neighborhood and I'll maybe open it for council questions or thoughts right now Mr. Romero. Pam this last one we've been talking about this for years I feel like Terry have a little you know something are we lower in speed there is that how that's happening or we're just able to well we're already at 35 now so originally when we were talking about that that was back when we went 45 hours an hour so we're at 35 miles an hour you can lower it if you want to choose to lower it in that area but I think you know the whole idea is if you have it flashing and you have it signed enough and you have your optical speed bars I think it's so. Because they taught is 35 as well. No I'm just glad to see it because I know we talked about for years and it seems like someone who has teenagers sonic is like the place to hang out and they all go there after every event they come from Shreemupon, Gulf Street, my neighborhood everywhere so that that's great to see the only other thing I had to was on oceans and edge mirrors and that is that it's that the signs already up and covered is that right yes okay I've seen people slowing down and actually stopping so it's going to work because I've seen people fly through there when it was first opened up and so I think just the illusion of having those signs that be when they're covered that's a great spot too but this is great thank you for my little job thank you man councilman shop on thank you mayor thank you Pam great presentation I see a lot I was some of the board members of here I'll read our neighbors in Shreemupon I'd like to hear from y'all if you don't mind I know it's been a lot it's a lot to absorb just seeing it for the first time I get it but maybe if y'all don't mind whoever wants to get up please come and give us your suggestions and thoughts thank you mayor I'll do it I think y'all probably know me by now I want to thank y'all I want to thank you Pam awesome that this is you know and that's what we're supposed to do just like y'all we're a board we represent our neighborhood and we're trying you know somebody has a problem we try to find a solution for it and you know this is this is awesome it's a lot to digest okay and you know I think sitting down now that we have this let us if we can get copies of it the presentation so that we can you know it on our own pace look at it and see it can be a little bit of history four and a half years old Christmas Eve I wrote my tri-cyclo out into the street I was at a coma for 12 hours I'm lucky to be walking because the the tri-cyclo handle more miss my spine by less than half an inch punctured lung head concussion it's not where we want to be okay at one is the person that got hit two is my parent mom that's watched it in my neighbor that witnessed it and I'm sure the lady that hit me had nightmares over it too so our neighborhood is different than other neighborhoods and that we we want the people sitting on the porch is we want people walk and we like visiting with our neighbors but that does come at a cost and I don't think even in our neighborhood that our people really understand this concept of the traditional neighborhood that they don't even realize why this be limits 15 miles an hour in sugar mill pond versus 20 miles an hour in other neighborhoods in young and it's 15 miles an hour because we are closer to the street okay we park on the street you know it only takes a split second for a kid to walk out between two cars and you're not going to see them and to stop so we need to do something to slow people down I appreciate JP that has made a difference yeah I'll mention one little town does anybody speed through golden meadow no because you will get a ticket in golden meadow so you know a police presence is just a reminder and if they stay long enough then you know people in their minds they go well you know what I'm going to get caught if I do this so I need to slow down and there's enough neighborhoods in the youngsville to where you know maybe one solution would be if he had you know a few more officers and they rotated subdivisions stay a month at a time that it would slow people down now I'm lucky I'm retired so I don't have to be in a hurry to go anywhere but understand you know life's a rat race people always in a hurry but thank you all so much you know for working with us you know working with the developer yeah I mean like I said we're all trying to find the right solution so thank you all thank you mr. Andrew and yes absolutely we'll give you the presentation will be public records so we'll be happy to provide it and we'll be happy to have you. Okay, how are you all good? A couple of questions fam um How free and bony you said that we would look at adding the turn lanes for left when we just not turn left there's like there are 12 inferences to the neighborhood and four of them are roundabouts why are we even taking a left out of it? What what would that do study wise for the traffic? You can tell people not to turn left good luck You got a 40 foot wide roadway good you know or whatever it is good luck telling someone they can't turn left You're still going to do it right? The difference is if you have a dedicated left into the subdivision it's never going you have quite a few hundred feet it's not going to back up to hold anybody So if it was a left turn that I was adding off of 90 off of bone act that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem But you're in the subdivision so let the people who want to turn left instead of going around to sit there and let everybody who's turning right get a lane because if I don't do it right now I've been one of those where I'm trying to turn right to come here from leaving the dentist office and there's a bunch of people trying to wait to turn left So I mean it's a you know you have the room to make it a left and I think even if we were to stripe it where they can't people are going to get in there and they're going to turn left or they're still going to get on yours It is very hard without putting a structural device there to you know like a like a triangle Which people I mean have you watched people by rouses Like it does no good So my thing is they're gonna do it They're gonna do it so let's give them a lane to do it Now once the roundabout in the future is built at 92 And press god then that might be alleviated at that point in time Depending on how it comes out The stretch is so much smaller Yes okay so that's question one Question two Oceans from Lindbergh to How free Okay that is a very long stretch Even with the edge line that we're that is being considered What would the impact of putting a crosswalk of some sort or something From those people who live on not oceans Royal I'm sorry Yes you did I was trying to figure out some of the oils I mean you know there's a lot of streets Royals from Lindbergh to How free is a straight shot With you talked about that With parking on both sides With parking on both sides Even with the Edge lane Right So who live on royals To cross over What's proposed is go to Lindbergh or go all the way down to How free What would be because that's a long stretch what would be the impact of putting a crosswalk From Royals over One of the intersecting street Because that is such a long stretch I mean if we can do another I mean if that's with that's not there's not a problem that is one of our most Complained about lanes And then sure obviously Was I'm glad that you looked at not just how free park but getting people to the pond right next question So harbor intersection harbor and shore That is coming around that's going to come all the way back around and hit oceans Now I'm on the right street What That's going to be a long stretch also without any if I read the plans correctly That's a very long stretch around the pond that isn't going to have anything obviously the street's not even there yet But to keep that in mind because I think that might become a potential spot Once it is developed and I know that is coming sooner than later. I think that's a great point and I think one of the things that we can do we don't have those plans yet you're I'm sure you're referring to the to the master plan. Yeah, what we anticipate happening there. I think that'd be a great opportunity where we could encourage the design engineer and the developer if there is opportunity to do a traffic coming yeah like similar that's on like Annabelle we did we did have at least one of those proposed in another spot in the neighborhood. I know I just shared it with Lulu and Clayton recently but you know I think we can keep that in mind now that we yeah we the regular neighborhood. I think that's a great opportunity to have standards I guess if you will for our city every 1500 feet has to have something like that because sugarmopon has been governed under traditional neighborhood development ordinance it hasn't been something that we've held the development accountable to but I think it's still a great practice that's worked well in our subdivision regs that we should probably carry over as well. Well, and some of that didn't some of that get resolved with the adoption of the new TND ordinance that I don't think some of it with the parking. Parking on. Oh yeah oceans commercial parking that will be straight. Yes, that was already part of that TND change. Yeah, okay. Thanks, Pam. Thanks, Miss Dindy. Anyone else wishes to address the council. So, I'm so jealous. Hey, how are you, ma'am? I'm Miss Dindy. There's the other Dindy. As an educator for 33 years, I'm very excited to see the crosswalks and all that because I feel like in sugarmopon the kids would love to walk to school. But it's just not safe to do. So, I'm very excited to see the crosswalks to see all this happening if it does happen. All of it happening for the neighborhood to just be filled with the kids on their bikes going to school going to events doing all these things and not have to worry about how they're going to get there and how they're going to get back. I really like this idea and I just wanted to say from the educating educators perspective, not the engineer, but from the educators perspective, I just love this because I feel like it's going to be, it's going to make things easier for kids to travel to go where they want to go to get to the park to get to school to get to the sports to get anywhere they want to go. I like the whole idea. So, thank you. Thanks. Mr. Bede. Thanks, Ms. Dindy. I'm glad she's got that. So, my son goes to Arca too and I think this is awesome because the community is supposed to be a walkable community. So, thank you for all your hard work and Mayor, thank you for taking the time to always talk to us. And thank you JP for being there so quickly to help us with our speed. Like, you know, like Pantheid, we are in a different type of neighborhood and I think it's, you know, everyone needs to realize that we have so much mixed use, so much commercial and that's why we're getting all the traffic. So, as one of the board members, we, you know, we just want the residents to know that we hear them and, you know, we're here. Thank you. Yes, ma'am. Ms. Greenrod. Thank you all for considering that. We live on Monte Gobe and that wasn't one that was mentioned and it might be already part of it. But, quarter of tabs and work, tabs is Lindbergh. It is a hot zone. They come in hot. They turn in hot. Everything is hot. Well illustrated. So, if we, I love the idea of the crosswalks, but I'm also a big fan, if you already even consider that, the, you know, the speed limit on the road with across anything and everything you are willing to do, I'm open to it apart from the speed bumps with Johan Boudout. I just wanted to say that. Yeah, just don't forget about those. You probably already mentioned the streets, but if you have it far enough, those, please add those, especially the ones getting into it. Yeah, thanks, Carol. Yeah, and that's a good point because that is a continuation of, of boils in a lot of, in a lot of cases. So, I guess, so anyone else? Yes, sir. Hey, guys. First of all, I want to say thank you to you. Fantastic presentation. I never spoke to you about arcade, uh, arca. And when you visited with the schools, telling them to slow down, it worked. Okay. These guys. All right. But with that being said, I do want to speak to you about, and I spoke to Simone about this, basically coming off of a highway 92 pulling into Sugar Mill pond, which brings us straight down to our job, we boils right where those buses turn. They come around our roundabout right there. I press the roundabout of press. Okay, I spoke to Simone about that. And the problem that we have is I'm up, I'm up at 330 every morning. Okay, and I do a lot of things between 330 and six. And visiting and watching, I know you said you were out there a few times. We have too much traffic in which you said that their community was built to that to, to have that type of traffic. So what we have is we have individuals and families and buses that are taking shortcuts into the neighborhoods, even though they're not picking up children at that point in time. Is there any way that we can possibly have or instruct those buses to take the long way around instead of putting our kids in jeopardy that that are around that area. And I'm sure at that point in time when you were there at the 530 mark, we have kids that are sitting out on the side of right there at boils right by the tap room. These kids are coming. I don't speed in neighborhoods, but I can tell you that I can't see them. Okay, I can't see them. And I'm taking my time. I know they're there, but I can't see them. That's all around and that goes all the way down boys. So I'm asking that we eliminate the buses from turning left there at certain time frames. Okay, send them around and preventing them from going down those avenues because it's too dangerous for the children down there. Sure has come down with the buses. JP, your guys have done a fantastic job of patrolling that. I appreciate it. But I do want to talk about the presentation that you did. It was fantastic. But I think we forgot out one thing when you mentioned the mental side of it. The psyche of it is majority of the people that are running the stop signs and speeding in these areas are individuals that constantly are traveling our market, our town, our area. So these are going to be familiarities, right? So I'm not sure that I think at the very get go is going to do good. Okay, and I think it would be fantastic, but I think once we get used to it, it's not going to work as well. So I don't want to, I think incorporating everything is a fantastic, but also think that we need to still concentrate on writing big tickets. Okay, letting the tickets ride and handling it from there. I don't want anybody getting hurt on any roads because they're speeding. Okay, and the buses, they don't, if they don't need to be there, then why are they there? I understand the connectivity. Okay, I understand that. But this in these situations, they, they can go around and not put any kids in jeopardy because we don't have a lot of kids that are on the main road except from here to broils where the, or to the top sugar mill pond, that is where I noticed that a lot of kids with their parents are on the side of the road collecting buses because the buses stop right there. Okay, along those roads, but when you travel around going towards let you know we take 92 we go, we go south and then we turn left and go and run to school. We don't have children along those roads. Okay, so listen to our buses around and try to and try to help our children because it only takes one small child to get away from a parent and every one of us are parents and every one of us had a child get away from us. So let's try to possibly fix that and ask you a question. Yes, so at that time since you're a, yes, I'm not up at three. So at the time when they're making the left so they're coming around roles and they're making basically they're making a left. Is that that same time any traffic backed up on 92 because of so that so the night. So the night. Yeah, is that is it happening at that time that 92 pulling in you know everybody at that point 99% of the people turn right. Okay, coming out of that top when we go we go right coming to city hall 99% of the people do it every once in a while you get somebody on the left hand side. I wouldn't mind you putting the left hand turning lane there. Okay, but that's okay. So the traffic does back up to an extent let's say people are polite to buses. Okay, I'll say that so they allow them to turn more and quicker. But I would say average seven deep when turning left from coming from here. How many buses you would say you would have a company or how many we think I'm going to say at least six to I'm going to say at least six to seven. Okay, and I'm not I have somewhere in that range so you're saying in that rate less than two numbers. Yes, but more than five. Yes, I believe so. But again, I want to say your conversations were slowing down the buses absolutely helped you and I spoke about it. You sending the guys and the guys taking big interest us all regional out there doing measurements where you can have make sure everything's on video. He's done that fantastic. The H away they're listening. They're listening to us. We give them help don't give me wrong. But they're listening. Okay, and I believe Simone has done a very good job of speaking up for us up here. And I believe you guys are listening down that avenue all that power free stuff that stuff that we've been asking for for a very long time. You know, we've even that crosswalk, you know, I'm not and let me let me say something. I am okay with the crosswalk across from the sonic, but that needs to be lit up like a Christmas tree. I'm not going to be a very pure. That's just everything in the nutshell. I can I don't mind having the golf carts on the roads and things that are legal and all that kind of stuff. But we are a community of consistently running the same roads running the same red lights running the same stop signs speeding down the same roads. And you said you put together. JP is done and with you communicating is going to help us. Okay, but you can't let one go. I just want to tell Mr. Saville, Terry and I had spoken about 92 in Prescott. And he suggested which I don't know if they're working on. And he suggested no left turn off a 92 into Prescott. Yes, that's beautiful. I wouldn't mind a certain timeframe. Okay. I wouldn't mind a certain timeframe of limiting that because you go, we go to school zones. We have from seven to nine. Okay, eliminating that and writing the ticket and that also goes with buses. Okay, buses are buses. But they take the roundabout. If you were there, then you saw the roundabout. You saw how they took the roundabout. Okay, nothing else to say about that. Okay. So in this tearing up the roads that are right there at the roundabout, we have the entrance way from 92 at Shigamopan that's going to hell and back. Okay. These are these are all things that are there. So I know I've taken I didn't raise my hand. Wait, I apologize. Yeah. So. Well, I asked questions. Yeah. In your defense, I asked you questions. Look, last time I was here, I had to raise my hand. We can't limit a bus fully public ride. Now, if your community was gay, you can limit it all you want. But it's for us telling a bus. He can't use a public right away. I don't see that we can't restri- I'm asking this and look, you're your lawyer, you're smart guy, right? So we can't say from this timeframe to this timeframe, the left turn. That may be possible. But what I heard from you, what I heard from you is excluding buses from the neighborhood that we can't do. Now, can we put a turn lane in and alleviate some of that? Possibly. I can understand that. Okay. That's a public road. Yeah. And I think once the roundabout on Prescott and 92, yeah, well, 92 and the entrance to Prescott, that may be a while because of funding, but that will alleviate a lot of that. But it's possible. Maybe the no left turn from 92 on to Prescott might help. Well, we also have a problem and we spoke about you spoke about it and you said that the stop signs are already slowing people down. I'm not going to disagree with you. I believe it's where the ARCA school is where they're putting up the full way and it has the big stones. Look, I get that the problem that we have there is we're allowing people to stop on that made on that roadway. Okay, they stop and wait in traffic lines. That's where a traffic line is. And no, it's, I understand, but it's truly at the end of the day, we get in trouble for things. It's not legal. Okay, it's not legal to be stopped on the road. It's not a turning lane. It's not set up that way. It's not anything. There's no, there's no hope for them to stay in there. There's no lines. There's no nothing. There's no signs. There's no nothing. Right. Right. I'm aware the four ways stopped going. Yeah, the high school, the middle school uses that to load to load up for parents. The parents stop on the main roadway. Okay, so you're talking about the other person. You know, you know, Savoy. The ocean is stopped on the main roadway. Facing your. Facing your. Okay, so that's yeah, that's not going to work either. In the long term, that's not going to work because right now I will say only for me is, I'm not telling you I was driving looking down. I am going to say that I was driving. I'm going to say that I was driving. I'm going to say that I was driving. And all of a sudden I pulled up on some cars that were sitting on the side of the road. Okay, simple. Okay. It's. There's nothing there. I personally don't think that they should be there. This is behind Arkham. Yeah, right. Where we have those where you put in the new stop signs that matter, which is unusual because there's four lanes. Is that right? I think my life's cool. Keep it. But the elementary and the middle school typically line up in the sports complex parking, whether it be the soccer area or the baseball area, the high school pickup parents are the ones that are lining up on edge, we're going in that way. Yeah. It's more of the high school pickup. So high school pickup. We. All the other entrance off of the board. So it's a high school pickup. High school pickup in the afternoon. Yeah. And that's and that's where it is. Yeah. So it's only one lane. Okay. I'm agreeing with you. Yeah. Yeah. That's something that I will. We'll look into and probably why we're seeing that more right now. They're high school enrollments growing. That's where we're seeing the biggest, I think, growth. And that they've added classes. A lot of buses picking up children. More parents are picking up their children. Back and forth. I get it. I understand. Yeah. And I think that's where we're seeing that more of a lot of people in from outside of the communities. Right. That's just part of, you know, busses ain't bringing them. Parents got to bring them mom and dad. I understand. But that still doesn't. If I would have hit them, honestly, I called nadzie last second. I would have. Well, there's still construction going on there. I think we had there's one house that has the has a dumpster in the street. So I mean, it's a, it's a lot going on in that area. I was going back to the bus. What busses are you seeing in from your house? Is it LPSS or ARCA? It's ARCA. Oh, the. That are kind of. Let me let me let me. Yeah. So I'm going to say both of them travel our roads. Okay. But I am going to say ARCA has done a very good job of slowing down. Okay. I'm not saying to Lafayette Parish school board buses haven't slowed down. I am going to say that when I'm big. This six. Six oh five six 15. So forth and so on. They do have a suburban that you can come get on Tuesdays that fly at six something in the morning. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh, oh. Anyone with that's all I got. No, that would be all. I think you put a lot of effort into it and we appreciate it. No, we want y'all be back. Every aspect of it ask the father because the part. I want to go back and I want to say one more time. It's the psyche. You're talking about it. Once we get used to it. It's not going to mean anything to us. It's going to mean something to somebody else that's coming into the neighborhood. But it's going to be in passing. Okay, so it could slow them down, but it's not going to slow them down. I'm going to slow them down once we get there. It's not going to slow me down at the end of the day because I'm used to it. Okay. That's just that's what I think. Yeah, I think we have to do everything together. Oh, it's multifaceted. I think we completely agree. I mean, we can't have one without the other allocated time for the next five meetings. So on the six meeting, you will be allowed to speak. Just a couple of a couple of thoughts that I have just will keep that you did you want to make another point. I realize legally we can't stop buses from using the streets, but that doesn't mean that we can't ask the superintendent who lives in Sugar Mill pond to get control of the buses and think about the kids. Okay. And let them do that voluntarily and we ought to not have to tell them or take children. I'm going down shore one day and my golf course set for 15 miles an hour. Right. So if you run up on me, you speed me. All right. Bus ran up on me. School system bus not arctic. I stopped. I got out the cart. I said, you need to slow down. I said, I can't believe you drive kids around and you drive it like this. Oh, I wasn't speeding. Okay. So, you know, maybe we need to reach out to the superintendent and, you know, well, right. And he likes to let everybody know that he is the superintendent. Right. Well, so a couple things. First, let me say this in fairness and in defense of the superintendent. I think he's extremely responsive to everything that I've ever brought to him. And I'm happy to do this. I think I think one common denominator that we're here and is we have a lot of school traffic because when I hear that we have, you know, the traffic and all these things, my follow up question typically is, do you notice it's different in the summer when school's out? And I haven't met a person that hasn't unequivocally at that moment said, yes, absolutely. So it helps define what our issue is a little bit more and just specific to the superintendent. I don't want to speak for him, but I did make Arca Ernest Gallette has such a long car queue line. Well, some funding was just approved there to build another wing to remove the portable buildings. One day, I think, Haley and I were walking out of a meeting that the superintendent was with who were walking to our vehicles together. And I said, hey, when you do that renovation there, anything you can do to extend that car queue line. Because Gallette has a very big property there. It was just impassant in our car. Within a week, he followed up with me twice on the same thing, which I had no expectation to that he would because he wanted to brainstorm. How could it be done and how could we do it? Because ultimately, you know, that longer car queue line, even if it's just for that 15, 20 minute period, can help prevent people from cutting through and things like that, your neighborhood. The intersection that Mr. Sevelle is talking about, we know that that's an issue. Hence the reason that we're about 75% designed on it. We have a traffic circle design there that's going to match the one by Chabils. In fact, Arca, when they opened their last building, it was a requirement that they contribute to it and they did. So with that said, I mean, we're working on that. We have the right way of paying for it. We have talked about interim solutions there. I don't think any of them would be overwhelmingly popular, but we have talked about restricting left churns in. Now that's something that we can consider. It can be at certain times. What I would want to know, though, is if we do it there at a certain time, where will we see what effect may that have on other areas, but that's research that we can look into. There is going to be another road that's going to be cutting through in that sea island lane. When you head home this evening, it's the first street in Sugarmopon Phase 20. So that road is going to have a left churn lane off of Iberia into sea island. So anybody that's looking for property on sea island lane, beautiful lots, they're going to be fantastic front loaded, but be on notice that that is going to be a street that is going to cut through and it is going to connect eventually to the back of Arca. I do think that that will help long term for there to be some disbursement of traffic there as well. But Mr. Sivella, every conversation I've had with the headmaster at Arca, she is more than responsive. So we're fortunate to have her as well as the superintendent that are very dialed into our community. I'll talk to them about, I mean, my assumption had been that buses in a neighborhood are for the purpose of picking up or dropping off kids, but you're right, it is possible since the school is in the neighborhood, I mean, maybe it's an empty school bus issue. So I'll lean in a little bit, you know, more respective to that. I see. Okay. Okay. Yeah, so it's a bus of students that are going through the neighborhood to the school. Okay. And as possible, maybe they're not using the, we leaned in at one point to south side and Pam very quickly told me they're not using it as we laid out and we designed for them. I don't want to conflate their issue with this one, but it's possible that maybe we do need to review that a little bit more in depth. I do have a question from Mr. Sivella. Earlier when we were talking about the people that are, I guess, parked on edge mere for the high school, does anyone can anyone tell me if at that point is the queue line that is on the campus of ARCA full or is it because ARCA is not letting them on the, okay, that we need to talk about. So again, the traffic transportation plan, the difference between Gollett, those people on that line are led in as early as one o'clock. The reason we have the issue at the sports complex and everything else is never in the traffic plan did someone say, but oh, by the way, they're not led on our campus to a certain time. I think we need to have some discussions in how that is used because that is not, when it was approved, that was not the case. There was nothing saying they're going to stay out in the streets for an hour or whatever. So we do need to, they have a plenty long, they have a long queue line. I recognize they may have to have people out there. I get that. But if we didn't allow, if Latvia Parish School Board did not allow people in that line by Gollett, what that would do to Highway 92, and that's, I think, an issue we can't think. I think that's a great point. And honestly, frankly, I think if it's an operational decision that they don't want to do it, well, they don't queue in our streets either because you have a solution that you can, and that is, we spend a lot of time with them on this whole queue in this traffic study. So this may be a way of going to the streets of the mall. They originally were letting them line up, but then they were lining up down the street. So then they found that instead of, you can't get, you can't dip in here until a certain time because they were lining up in the queue, but then they were going down the street. Having them line up in the sports complex, they're all there and no one is on the street. Right? That's how that, that can happen. So boy, the interest to Savoy handles the middle school, and that comes first. So we couldn't have elementary and three, five, one, enough to do the walk middle school, because middle school uses that to use it. The only money he's the fact is this is all. And that's the only one. And that's the one. I think it may warrant a discussion, Mayor, what I'd like to open up is, again, now that they're doing things in place, different than Southside, I think what happens is the way it's being operated today is not the same way you have engineers and you have contractors and everybody starting it before. So it would warrant a discussion to come up with a solution as to how they manage it, but how we can manage the traffic. I've personally been stopped by a mom while I'm trying to walk on Savoy Road because I wasn't waiting for a kid, like out of her car, everything, all the things. So I think it would warrant a discussion for us to sit down, because I think from an operational, we can try to help figure it out and something, but that's why I wanted to ask Mr. Sevelle, because I'm thinking they're supposed to be queuing up in those lanes that they have. So great information, I appreciate the input. Actually, I just believe it's a terrible mile line. It doesn't take too long. And the thing is, like Molly, say it, the board raised line up at sports complex, but the high school does say line up and so on. Now, if I'm looking to buy a lot, chances and hell will be buying a lot that's going to be a lot of money. I think Mr. Boosor would want to say something. We'll get out there and pay him a visit. As you know, as all of you know, I haven't seen ARCA, I haven't been able to solve. That car rider line appears to be, you've got numbers and lanes and all kinds of stuff. I think if we post to them, I'm optimistic if we post to them the reality of what's happening. Oh, Barricade's now, too. I see safety, I see all kinds of stuff over there. Anyone else that's still wishes to address the council? Well, one additional thing I want to say is it didn't come up. So as you go back and have the neighborhood meeting and have further discussion about it, one of the observations I have, I don't know that it's a concern. Again, I want the development, the residents to let us know. If we were to take this plan that was just presented to us and enacted fully, a pelfry from basically, broils all the way to Shimon Metery would have parking restricted to the one side with the cutouts. So I just want to point that out because I'm very, I was very specific to say, hey, what we're trying to resolve right now is traffic calming. This has one mechanism in conjunction with enforcement. We have an opportunity, should it be the will of the people to address the parking there as well. I know that's a whole nother discussion. My personal opinion, if I was being asked to solve this today, singularly, I would say let's do it in incremental phases. I think that's why parking is disruptive to some and that's six and 700 block. It's been a long standing, allowable tradition that's been there. Yeah, so I just want to throw that out because that's something that you guys need to digest and tell us, I will do whatever is the will of the people. I just know if we implement this, those that are parking on the north side of pelfry, got to go. It's been a hot topic for a while and I know it came up. I discussed it here with y'all when we were discussing the amendment to the TND ordinance, which was my and my concern was the fire trucks, right. Emergency vehicles getting down pelfry in that section after riding with the Santa Claus. I rode with the Santa Claus through the sugarmob on the fire truck. I cannot think of the name of it right now. Yes, that. And it's tight. I mean, the driver, it's tight. And I know Lindy can attest to how tight it is. So when I asked about it, I was told by the developer that it was, I was told that they intentionally allowed people to park on both sides to slow down the traffic. But now it's gotten to the point where you can't even, you can't. You can't have two cars there. It's a waiting thing. It's an intersection issue. It's those kind of things. I do know that our community manager had put out. Car request. And I think that's why I think it's a very important thing to do. About, you know, parking where it is in dinner, which is designated parking. Some of that got pushed back. Some of it didn't. So I think that the incremental adding of this would be very. Time to the board. Because we'll hear it. And I understand. I mean, a lot of people have. And they're driving or what not. They have more than two cars. It's two car garages. They got their golf cart. And I 100% understand that. As a person who parked on the street for six years. Because the golf cart had the spot. I get it. But at the same time, I think our safety of our neighborhood is. Is. Is. And again, I. I think that that section they were told from the get go. Because most of those residents have been here the whole time. And I think that's part of it is. They were told park on both sides. It'll slow down the traffic. So they're going off of what they were told. And yeah, I agree. I agree with what you're saying, which is why I just know for the historical context. I mean, again, it can be that. You know, so. All right. Any other comments or questions. Please. We're talking about parking. So if you wanted to address that. I'm sorry. Every single one, the area that you're speaking. I'm sorry. Where you where you spoke about the six hundred seven block. That is slender, right? No, if and are butts about it. If you move vehicles from the north side, which. Has parking on that road for every single home on that road has a vehicle sitting in front of it. So 90% of the people that are on that road. Might be 60 and above. Okay. That's not going to work. Yeah. Okay. Period. Okay. I'm not going to speak for him. I promise you if they look at the meeting, it's going to be all over Facebook. But that is not going to work. I understood. Lundy. I'd lend you Blair. If we would have had a problem getting a fire truck down there, those guys would have already been on top of it and told us to move all that. I'm sure that they're capable of maneuvering that type of stuff. But we got older people in that neighborhood on that street that don't have the parking inside that garage. Okay. Those are the smaller homes. You ain't getting two cars in that garage. And those are two family homes, two car families and golf cart majority of those are golf cart homes right there too. So I don't know if that will be like that. Again, I just. That's a good point though when you brought up. That's a great talking point, but that's not. We'll fight you on that one. Yeah. And and and know that. Again, this is all scalable. I just that's something that we had not talked about and I just wanted to make it clear because. All right. Anything else from members of the council. Mr. Mayor. I mean, I know we're not taking action or anything like that. We don't need to, but I just highly. Encourage the East Milton crosswalk. The two parks, Carl St. Crosswalks. And especially in front of principles lists. I've been down that road when they're dropping off and picking up. There needs to be designated parking there. I mean, I think that would be the thing I would move immediately on those items. I mean, I just want to say sort of the buses and this isn't an excuse for LPSS. But I've got a kid in the system and. They have less bus drivers, less buses because they're broken down and they're overloaded. So guarantee the transportation department and parts of the internet and school board members don't know. That they're cutting through so it's good that you brought it up because hopefully they can that I guarantee that wasn't the route designated. For them to go because there's no pickup through there. It makes sense. Yeah, I'm going to attack. I'm going to get on that right away. So I think I opened by saying the only thing that we are moving ahead with is for now is going to be the Milton crosswalk. It does take time for strippers and all that to get lined up. But the culverts and things like that we intend to probably do in house. So we'll start look or at least looking at that for getting it into the queue. So none of this is going to be overnight. So it's just a matter of I don't know that we can we'll review our capacity in house and if not if need be we'll start moving on that from outside. And then as there's new developments, new conversations within the development will stay in touch. Mr. Neillin. The crosswalk for East Milton when it goes across as they're just going into grass or we're going to put a sidewalk. No, we're extended sidewalk. I would never put in. That's what that's what the drawing it there was a black piece on each side and that was the extension of the sidewalk. I'm just making that it connects to golet and the neighborhood. Absolutely. Yeah, we already have sidewalk on golet. We already have so there's already sidewalk there. So we're literally just have to cross the ditch on both sides to connect to it. So yes. All right. Well, thank you all great feedback and I'm sure the residents will watch and digest it further and look forward to helping with this anyway we can. And chief, I'm assuming you'll just you'll stay the course with what you're doing there as well. Yes, sir. All right. Thank you very much. All right. We'll go ahead and move on to a gin-nought and 3.3. Our Lafayette parish council member stands various here this evening and would like to give us an update. Great conversation. It was very solving problems. That's what we do, right? What's that? I do. Great job, family. And citizens coming out supporting. That's awesome. Well, good evening, Mayor council. Citizens, thank you all for having me today. Today I'm going to briefly talk about the election that's coming up this Saturday if you didn't know about it. There's two millies renewals. So these are they have to be renewed every so often. So this is every 10 years and they have to be voter approved. Very, very important to note these are not new taxes or tax increases. This is what we're already paying. There we go. We're getting there. So I want to talk about the two of them real quick. The first one is this going to be on the ballot. Road and bridge maintenance. Millage generates about 12.7 million a year. It will. It supports the resurfacing and reconstruction of roads, widening projects, bridge replacements, and even basic maintenance like Moan along public roadways. In short, it keeps our transportation network safe and usable. On the right hand side, you'll see the public health and safety millage. It generates about 10.8 million a year. And this one really supports a lot of services we interact with in ways we may not always see. The drainage animal shelter mosquito control. We're a fire protection. We've definitely made some progress this year in the last couple of years actually. And still more progress needs to be made. It's not the finish line, but we're doing we're doing more. And then also the corner services and public health programs. So these are the behind the scenes systems that keep our community safe, healthy, and functioning. So in 2024, the so again, these are already paying. They're already at work. So in 2024, the road and bridge millage help fund multiple bridge replacements over a two million. Over two million dollars in road overlays and repairs. The public health and safety millage help clean over 67 miles of roadside ditches invested in drainage improvements and supported fire protection across the parish. And again, we're going to go forward. All right. So this is what you're going to see on the ballot. You can visit laffy at la.gov backslash millage and you can get more information on these millages. Again, hope you can support them. That's what I'm asking today. And really, I want to thank you all for all that you do for our community. And thank you. And if you have any questions. For councilman stands very. All right. Thank you. Can't great see any appreciate the information. The gen item 4.1 approval of the October 9th, 2025 meeting minutes. All right. Emotion by councilmember Bolgiano and a second by councilman Barra's. Is there any council comment? Any public comment or question? Okay. No comment. Yes. Mr. Bolgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. All right. 5.1 approval of the September 2025 finance report. Motion by Mr. Bolgiano. Second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment or question? Any public comment? No. No. No. Public comment. Miscaredry. Please call the vote on 5.1. Mr. Bolgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Mr. Champagne. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. All right. 6.1. Request for preliminary plat approval of the resubdivision of track. G1C. Importion of track. H. Until out. 1, 2, 3. A residential subdivision. Forstimate properties. LLC. I have a question. I have a question. Is there any additional question? Yes. I have a question. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Mr. Nylon. Welcomeumble. Good evening. Mayor and council. I'm sending you a preliminary plat to create a subdivision, resubdivision, or cement properties. As mentioned earlier, it's currently two existing lots that go to open the public. We're going to be able to make some out into free individual lots for residential use. There have been multiple versions of this plat submitted to the young bill. And after a furrow study, we do recommend that we accept this recent plat with some public additions. For those who don't know, this is a long-term medley road in between Anselm Drive and Wildrose Lane. Give an idea where it's at. And there's a very thin stretch of land that can access these lots. We recommend that this ride passage doesn't complete any drainage easements or any green space. There's also a few minor legal description issues to be solved. There's also some extra notes needed to be either edited or removed. And with that, open the council for feedback. All right. Is there any comment or council for a comment from the members of the council? I think it's a Mr. Carter here. Mr. Carter, would you wish to address the council, sir? Yeah, Mr. Nile. So just for memory purposes, I believe they came before us as a group of friends who had bought this land and then they just want to be able to build their forever homes on these lots. I think that's what we brought. Yeah, maybe you can deal with this somebody. Yeah, that's a good question. We've heard this before. So maybe just for context. Pam or Gary, maybe you know, remind the council what's the difference now? Well, when they, when they first came before you, it was before for to get some clarification and variances. But for, yeah, for the road. Yeah, that's what they were asking for at that point in time. So they submitted different preliminary plots and adjusted based upon that and then adjusted based upon the requirements. We've been reviewing those internally and this is the first time that we actually bring the preliminary plot to you guys. But before they were asking, they were trying to cost estimate what they could do, whatever before they did that. So this is the first time they actually come to officially plat it. So yes, you are correct. It's three individual families that want but by our definition that is a subdivision. And does require regulations. Thanks Pamela. All right, Mr. Carter. Yeah, we're just here to answer the public have anything on it to address anything. Okay, thank you, sir. Let's see. Councilman Shampa. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you. I think that councilman Shampa second by council member Romero. This is a public hearing. So anyone that wishes to address the council may do so. Is there any council comment? Anyone wishing to address the council? All right, if there's no public comment, Ms. Kidried, please call the vote for the approval of Shamedh properties LLC. Mr Romero. Yes. Mr. Nailin? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. Right other business agenda 7.1 bid review for highway 92 improvements. I know this is a late entry of the details into your packet Pam can go over the the details with you. I'll also tell you that we opened the bids yesterday Two bidders, and I think she summarizes it really nicely there for you in the letter Yes, I mean this I think a long and short of it. I think it's one of the least expensive projects we've done, but it's making the mayor more excited than the water treatment plant. Let's just put it that way And this is for the two left turn for the three left turn lanes that we are doing As interim improvements along highway 92 to facilitate those left turns into center saw cell and onto a saint blaze And the opposite direction that sometimes we all get stuck behind So it's that so we had two bidders our original Engineers estimate was 500 7000 our low bid was glen les j construction with 527,000 So as that is 20,000 dollars over 4% that's within what we would believe is acceptable it should the the council We're recommending you approve it. I don't think if you Rebid it or if we there's nothing we can take out the lanes or is We're already confined with what we have so our recommendation is to award For the 20,000 dollar difference I'm at 20,000 not millions Councilman shopper Motion to approve all right Let's see now We do have there's a memo at your seats We will need to amend the budget Additionally $50,000 for the total project cost What we have budgeted today Also motion to amend the budget in the amount of $50,000 for the total project costs all right. Thank you Shampa is there a second all right second for councilmember nylon any council discussion Yes, mr. Romero. Let's see one second please Yes, okay. Is this including the sidewalk from agave area to I'm an altar No, this is not included because you said some blazes Yeah, this doesn't have sidewalk in it. This is just a turn. Okay Yeah, this is to no expansion of the road Where are we doing you're saying you're doing a left-turn lane into Going into St. Blaise In front of cedar hills or there's it's we have to it's turn So we're expanding the road right yes, and color okay. Are we gonna look at that potentially by other works? The sidewalk yeah Thanks for covering the ditch. I know we talked about that a long time ago. Oh yeah, I'll look at it Yeah, if there's enough room there. I mean, I'm not definitely not opposed to yeah, I mean, we have sidewalk on the other side Uh Part of what dominoes the storage facility Some of that does but then it doesn't when you get to coastal climate. There's nothing there. All right Yeah, because yeah, because there was no ordinance at that time. Yeah, yeah But then was it auto zone I think they have auto zone they do so I mean it's a small stretch. That's all I'm asking I know that yeah, awesome Right any other comment anyone wishing to address the council All right, uh mischiedry. Please call the vote Mr. Neillin yes, yes, yes, yes, Mr. Romero yes motion approved All right, thank you council will get to work on that. Hopefully that's the first quarter project three left turns So I think that'll be well received 7.2 bid review for the long lane a road extension the southern east west connector shim and agriab roadway Improvements this is for phase one uh, this is largely for I have a I do have an illustration here if anyone on the council wishes to see it It's basically reconstruction of the existing road from datant to Just shy of the of the sharp 90 degree churn and then it picks back up on the other side of the 90 degree churn and goes to guillot road We're saving that middle section for a future phase phase two We're still in the process of some right-away acquisitions there This project or both projects. I should say the one that you just approved and this project are both 80% funded through a state capital outlay grant that we received Mr. Mayor motion approved the bid for a long lane a road extension uh With the uh, amendment to the budget in the amount of 305 thousand for total project costs All right, thank you Second all right misshampine Seconds any council comment any public comment or question about the the scope of this project All right, if there's no public comment misgidure, please call the vote misshampine yes as far as yes Mr. Bolgiano yes, mr. Romero yes, mr. Nylon yes motion approved Hamd you recall Pamd you recall offhand like how many contract days were on these projects 270 Which we know that turn lanes won't take uh shimet agriob We don't think either one they were given 270 Mostly because of with we know what weather we're coming into with the first of the year and with different other road closures and making sure that Not knowing and You not knowing who the contract would be but now you have the same contractor. Yeah Yeah, we'll have to be strategic particularly on shimet agriob because that will involve some road road closures on that project When we do get there so we'll try to look at that In relation to some of the other projects that we have going on But the one but 92 is going to be with under traffic Yeah, so my recommendation because of shimet agriob using Being used by sugar cane farmers until I don't want anybody to touch that until after we know the farmers are done With moving because it's not like there's an alter a quick alternate route. We don't want any of that in our subdivisions so We know that that'll kind of get a late start on 92 will sit with the contractor what we don't want and I hate to say these two words What we don't want is anything on 92 That could disrupt or be under construction We know the parades early so we're going to accommodate all of that but by the time they get their structures get their things in So I would I would anticipate and what we're going to encourage on the two is to start on that project first If they have a crew if now it's different crews so they can do drainage on one With the other one, but what we are trying to do is not have all of them under construction at the same time So we are coordinating with la Riviera road and Fortune road would be opened by that time So we know fortune roads going to be opened by that time and then we'll focus but our focus is to get in and do 92 as quickly as possible while allowing Cane farmers to still use Shema agriab and then get in on Shema agriab at that point in time when before the Cane farmers start again in October Being and we want to be in and out before they start needing it again All right, thank you Pam See agenda item 8.1 resolution 2025 25 resolution authorizing submittal of water sector program phase 2 grant application approving local match and interning to agreements associated with engineering services It's a motion by councilwoman barres and a second by mayor put them boljano city council comment or discussion Any item any public comment or discussion Okay, this is an additional grant that that we're seeking to further extend water improvements that throughout the community All right, there's no comment misgidri please call the vote miss barres. Yes, Mr Baljiano. Yes, Mr. Romero. Yes, Mr. Nguyen. Yes, yes motion approved 8.2 resolution 20 25 26 resolution of the city of young so declaring movable property is surplus and further authorizing disposal and accordance with state law Motion by mr. Volgiano's there second are actually I'm sorry was I left over from last? No, that was good All right, and a motion second by mr. Romero any council comment All right any public comment or there's no public comment misgidri please call the vote Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Romero. Yes, Mr. Nguyen. Yes, yes 8.3 resolution 2025 27 a resolution requesting financial assistance from the state of Louisiana under the fiscal year 2526 local government assistance program and community water enrichment fund program Um, this councilman shampoen makes all right makes a motion a second by councilman barres any council comment or discussion any public comment or skidri please call the vote Mr. Nguyen. Yes, yes, yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, yes, all right Susan you ready? All right, we both Susan Susan Pam any council announcements will take from there. So are anyone from anyone from my right Yeah, literally So for the waste water treatment plant upgrade We're getting shop drawings from the contractor so that they can place equipment orders They don't really want to mobilize until they know the equipment's coming in Because it's disruptive The water plant we're probably like 99 percent complete now Um, they're working on the automation of the elevate the controls of the elevated tank um They're getting the generators operational the one at the plant and then the relocated one from well seven to well nine So they're getting that done probably this week Um, the sugarmobot upgrade we finally do have a route we met with um tried and um the developers and so um we're going to get that underway We're working on the Gulf South pipeline agreement and we're going to be working on the servitudes Should be minimal servitudes because the route that we chose Then pump station five we're trying to finish that up then we'll just wait for funding Music to my ears when I hear minimal servitudes Thank you Any questions for Susan related to the projects All right, um a lot of progress on the on the utility system So thank you and yes, we are at the finish line with the water plant we made his decision just to temporarily delay the expansion of our service area because we were waiting for the Waiting for gas lines to be extended to our generator That's on the side so in the event of Power failure we have a natural gas generator So we thought it was incumbent on us to wait until the full emergency power back up was Online before we start expanding the service area, but All right, there's no questions relative to the utility projects pan anything when you're in Um, hi 89 going smoothly. I'm sure everybody's seen they had put in the select fill and then they'll be Solicimate we do have our plans ready for phase one a which is to get it that do the transition that goes towards a Russo road We do have the plans and we have our cost estimate and a cost estimate from the contractor I'm gonna meet with the mayor so we can go over All of those we made some modifications per your request and to see if that's something we want to amend to their contract as they're getting closer to that phase The fortune part of it they were doing concrete for their Their drainage transitions today They'll be doing that and then you'll start seeing the select fill and solsament Has been coming in for that area Larivia road they're going really well Close to the Thanksgiving holiday. I think we when the kids are out of school The intersection of Almanaster the east side of Almanaster we need to lay pipe to cross Almanaster So that intersection during the during school time will probably need to be closed For that week for them to lay The we're not gonna disrupt school. It may even happen after school. Let's out that Friday to pit is there a part Is there a game the Friday before Thanksgiving? You don't know oh I don't watch football so that's why I ask Well, keep me posted. Yeah, okay, so keep me posted If there's no game there's no home game then they may close it after all kids are dispersing everybody's there Because they may work the Saturday if the weather's good They might work the Saturday so that they can make sure to get it done before the Thanksgiving So I did they wanted to do it before and I so we had to wait till school was out But they're moving making that much progress on the east side so they'll be Trying to finish up that east side Quickly Before doing any road closures for the bridge repair. I get couldn't How long does that go I mean there could be potentially Another game after that home Home game next Friday and then after that it depends on top seed or not if they lose or win So we it could be an away game that we can Okay, just let us know if for some reason between that Saturday and the day before Thanksgiving I mean that's what we're trying to plan for them to lay those couple of pipes and those inlets It should only take them two days But every time we say something's two days it never takes two days Can they do it the week ago when they're out? Well, that's the plan is so you only have that Monday so the Monday Tuesday and Wednesday most contractors take off the Thursday and Friday So yeah, so what I didn't want is for something to not be finished on Wednesday and kids report back to school on Monday So my suggestion was If you need to work this Saturday and Sunday to facilitate it can you do that and the contractor said yes But if that has any impacts to the football That's why I wanted to wait. That's why I asked Let us know but that is the current plan is for them to try to get in and out of there and it's literally just to lay that so it's That part of the intersection that just won't be able to be used Okay, we'll keep in touch as that progresses Phase 1 a for everyone's benefit of of 89 that's from heart to farm to Basically a ambassador that's the transition of where the current project ends And and can we want to maximize the ability to have all the lanes as open as we can to Ambassador if we don't do this next phase of work the taper will have to start back sooner towards ambassador Or I'm sorry of of the existing project. We'll have to start tapering So you don't get to utilize all of the lane that you're actually paving. Yeah, if you don't do the transition Yeah, yeah, but some of the work that we're doing that so that's the next phase that we're doing All right, there's no questions about the Riviera 89 fortune Any council announcements? Welcome to you do Mishampai I just want to it's not an announcement that I would like to congratulate council and N Island on his new little bundle of joy Juliet I think she was born like the day after you left here Last month Congrats Had her work in today at the at a ribbon cutting block and off traffic Thank you miss Shampai Mr. N Island and it's not an announcement, but it is from our wife I just want to wish her a happy anniversary. It's tomorrow. So five years. It's an important announcement. Yeah All right. Thank you, sir Mr. Ramara. Yeah First uh, I know we got a couple veterans happy veterans day It's very important your service. We appreciate it. Uh Yes, Southside is playing the first home playoff game in the brand new stadium on friday seven p.m. We take on a prairieville perkins Um, they are uh, school that's only been around I think two years now. So It's very important if you want to come see some great High school football come out if they win. Yes, I'll play again in home and then From there you just kind of kind of see the bracket a great team though great environment And they've all been out of a couple times chief to I mean it's It's something that I think we all wish for for so long and now we have that in our community I think it's going to be great over the next several years the growth that we're going to see in that area Glad you'll see our work in so well with you. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you And mr. Voljana. Yeah Yeah, kitty and veterans alliance is having a battle the branches solve alternate and then a home run derby next friday and saturday Uh, you'll be able to witness uh myself council in nylon and uh councilman stands very Song about and either with air and make contact. I'm not really sure which one's gonna happen But uh, it's uh, it's an honor to be able to participate in this event It's for great calls raising money for our veterans and um that'll be friday at six p.m. The 21st and then saturday They'll have a solve alternative to go to follow the second day. So Bring out the family and come witness a good time and donate to great calls All right. Thank you sir Be remiss if I didn't add that young civil middle has did a phenomenal job with their with their football team In it in a year where the college and the saints haven't really been all that to see Thank goodness for our local sports young civil middle got the Great opportunity to play at the dome uh last sunday and they did have a win against st martinville So we're very proud of them and in fact chief um and anyone that wants to be involved we Are making some initial steps maybe do something nice parade or something So we need to connect on that to see what we can work out for them Uh, and the only other comment that i have that i want it to bring up and then i'll open it up to our team if they have any Comments is about marty grow Uh marty grow is feduary 14th marty grow up parade in young civil spheduary 14th We have as typical for us. We have started the conversations about planning that We are taking the road projects in the consideration of being variable this year That's different is south of rivia road While it's restricted to one way south today We fully anticipate that around the time of the parade that it's going to be completely restricted because of the two Drain or two bridge crossings and regardless even if it Is still in the condition it is today. It's no condition for floats to to be passing down So we are factoring that into the route For the uh marty grow up parade on february 14th Um, i say that cautiously But i say that cautiously because we are doing it with safety in mind Um, if there's anyone that has strong feelings our opinion about it Uh, please contact me and let me know soon um i will tell you that the only potential change to the route may be Just a reversal of the existing route same route just a reversal of the existing route We're just going through parade day logistics that don't necessarily Involve the exact parade route but more so how the how the floats enter and exit the community how they line up before the parade And how they're dispersed after the parade because there's a lot of work that goes into that outside of just the actual parade route itself So if there is any modification to the route it would be a reversal on the same route But again, i'm saying this with Enough notice to the public to where if there's opinions or strong feelings will certainly weigh that in but Safety is ultimately going to make the decisions there so Anyone from the team Terry Catherine Haley you've waited so patiently All right um, i just wanted uh if any of the restaurant owners or listening November 18th you should have received an email or someone on your team whoever i've got contact info for should have received an email We are having a meeting to discuss a few different topics So November 18th here in the council chambers We are going to be having that restaurant meeting if you have questions don't hesitate to contact me I'd love to know that you're coming So please RSVP if you can Couple things going on with the chamber Tomorrow is the chambers golf tournament at levochia so i believe we could still take some registrations for the golf tournament If i think there's a couple spots still open so if you have a team want to come out and place some golf It'll be a beautiful day come join us out on the course Also on saturday we are doing a new event. It is going to be a fashion show taking place at le sole So we have all of our boutiques that will have models walking the runway displaying all of their fall fashions and beyond so please come and support our boutiques and come and check out the fashion show at le sole Tickets are available on the chambers website and should be available at the door Thanks to our couture presenting sponsor McBade Engineers and consultants for stepping up for that Also shopped the sweet life is coming on the saturday after Thanksgiving November 29th Please make sure to get out and shop local here in our community It always follows black friday. This is in conjunction with a small business saturday So i encourage you get your christmas shopping done early Don't do it on black friday do it on small business saturday and shopped the sweet life here local in young'sville You'll be able to pick up your sweet life card at any of the locations participating more information on the chamber website Also December 4th We have our leadership young'sville class six which is going to be graduating It is going to be at sebaln crawfish No crawfish is not being sold there. We are just using the venue But we'd love for you to come out and support our leadership graduates from class six who've been working very hard all year To learn about young'sville and how it operates So also following that is the chamber social so chamber members Please sign up come to the social we would love to see you there And then i know we already talked about it, but just to reminder to sember 13th christmas under the stars Please mark your calendars. Please come out show your support to all of our sponsors that are going to be out there Including bontal and first assembly who have put in a lot of work to make it happen We look forward to seeing you there Thanks hailey chief for that chief brusar to anything He brings over 40 years of law enforcement experience to the department He'd like to say a couple words as well Yes, sir you steal them i'll thund up chief My name is kid of new yama newest your new assistant chief of police i come to you with 42 years of experience of law enforcement 33 years with the lafayette sheriff's office in nine years to be offices to state far more excited Would be an understatement of how i feel taking on this new adventure and mission To be a member of a growing police department linked with this being one of the fastest growing cities in Louisiana will definitely be a humbling challenge having to pass their instructor and police academy administrator um a top priority Will be up-to-date training of police personnel that will ensure We maintain the quality growth and serve the needs of the city of lunch youngsville Prior to three days ago. I wanted to end my introduction to you. He there But i have rid of a former elementary teacher That she was proud of me I have been a mentor and trainer of over a thousand police officers I can just imagine what type of pride felt because i was not her best student by no means But one of her probably one of her most memorable So to miss gale sao wa thank you for the kind words i would like to thank chief russard for this opportunity i would also like to thank mere ridder in cfo cathartan gregg For working with the chief russard to make this happen To the council i look forward to working with you i will work hard to earn and uphold the trust through dedication integrity and service once again. Thank you for this honor Together we will make a difference mayor i want to Commission to approach i have a book that I found in my mother's library after she passed away And inside the book it is from youngsville high school Is dated 1930 so the Old building that i went to Which would be a new building back then because it was built in 1929 So this is a new book from the old building And i'd like to present it to you i talk to him as glinda yesterday um And she said that she could put it in the history museum So Yes sir i would be honored to accept it on her behalf so Wow thank you Congratulations and welcome aboard So happy to have proud to have you Wow This is very cool so Yeah I know i feel like i need to have This reminds me of when we were When we were codifying all of our ordinances remember that summer We actually we actually had gloves holding the the first ordinances from like 1908 You know about where you couldn't couldn't tie up your horse but it was very delicate So it's a help book i'm not sure who the teacher was back then i didn't i wasn't at school That's incredible Well, well, thank you sir any other business for the council is there motion to adjourn All right motion by mr. Ballgiano second by mr. Romero all in favor All right meeting adjourned thank you all so much and have a great evening