think it's a I think it's a unique property in the, you know, a unique piece of property. When it came on the market, I mean, we actually for half a second consider bringing it to you guys because it it a buts foster park. It's directly across from the fourth street police department. You know, it stones throw from what's going to be the new amphitheater in the foster park recreational trail. So, you know, when you when you when you look at those things that are happening there, you know, I'm I'm glad that we have somebody that's thinking creativity there. You know, I'd also wouldn't mind seeing a brand new, you know, brick house there, but, you know, I don't think it's a I don't think it's a bad idea. You know, I think it's a unique piece of probably not everybody would want to live next to a park too, you know. So. Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Portiana. Matt and the year that the studies you've done these these type of developments, what it was like, do you know the average like age of family that might be moving into these or what types of families like, you know, are these more of like elderly of these young couples? This is more like your temporary middle-aged. So, I'm limited on what I can say being a realtor, you know, I'm not supposed to generalize who can live in a certain area because of ethics, but I would say, you know, looking at other types of developments, they probably say that's such a mix. It's a mixed bag. It is elderly. It is smaller families. It may have some people with kids. The thing about it is, you know, they're smaller, but it's getting these floor plans right so that it doesn't necessarily, you know, feel too small. It's finding the perfect fit, right? And I think that bodes well with the national trends of people downsizing and people don't want to take care of large yards. This would be something that would be turnkey for people that, you know, law and maintenance would be taken care of and landscaping. You read a lot about a lot of the developers. They followed the cottage court concept, you know, years later to see how it's thriving. And the perfect mix works well because you get some people in there that don't want to do anything, yet you get some retired person that gets in there and wants to help out with the garden in the middle of the common area. So it's just a perfect mix of individuals. Okay. Yeah. I guess I'll kind of put it with the mayor set out. Definitely, as, you know, growing up, you're born and raised. I've seen some of these properties have been revamped, converted, restored and whatnot. Some have been torn out. It's open lots. So it's nice to see a breath of fresh air. Some creativity put into it.