this. Okay. Can I call me off? All right. As you all know, you probably see in some tremendous progress at fortune and 89. The contract on the 89 is working on temporary roads for both the 89 portion and the fortune road roundabout contractors blowing and going with the subsurface drainage and he's in the flares of the roundabout. So that's kind of their critical path is doing drainage. And then when they start doing the internal part of the roundabout, those probably going to see some shifting to those temporary roads. So please be patient. I think we marked it down that we reduce speed to 35 miles an hour in that area because we do have workers working very close to the edge of the pavement. We got our 95% I see what they call it at 95% final plans comments and we're working on the 100% final final tab the mayor. So we are waiting for the special paper and then we'll have you sign that title sheet next week. We're within a week or so of making those and hopefully it won't be long. I think they have a December bid date, but they definitely need to get it through their system in August. I think so that they have it done by the end of their fiscal year. All the money put aside to it. So that's for the Riviera road. We are working on the highway 92 and press got roundabout. We are coming up with some cost estimates for different alternatives for Schmidt Agriab at this time. And and then we are trying to finish the EOR are doing some of the opacallit the site environmental that needs to happen for the parcels of the Anselam Cooley we have gotten permission from a few of the property owners to be able to get on to the property. So we should have our environmental consultant on the property within the next week or so. Perfect. Any questions for Pam? All right. So the next road project is actually will Susan. It's actually it's from Domang Zavobekeven did the project. It's the Fortune Road Preservation Project that will be our next road projects that's going out to bid. It's just a preservation project from Bonan and two young so highway. That will be let out to bid I think around September and then hopefully the Riviera will be December. Both of those are using federal or state grants really money. It's federal highway money that goes through state of Louisiana. Perfect. Okay. So both of those projects are 20% match for the city of Yung Zuo. So the I don't have anybody here from Neil Schaefer because as you all know we've had the design plans done for some time on the Iguiat Shimon Metery roundabout. So that's to build a second circulating lane around the entire roundabout and rebuild that surface from asphalt to concrete. Those plans are complete. We did get money