right now. Okay. I know you want to be mayor one day. I would make a suggestion to you is to run an audit from Ricky to the present. Don't even go that far back. Go back from the start of the building and run it. This is what I'm telling you to do. If you want to be mayor, this is how you knock him down. He's the best guy that we got. I'm sorry. And I love you. I'm going to give you help because I think you deserve something. But you're the best guy. Can we stay on fire and answer for it? Call the vote please. Call the vote. I would appreciate if you would help us in a sense of fight. We're about to call the vote, but let me just share with you. I'm welcome. You're welcome to come sit with me. I gave you my, I left a message. I gave it to the lady. I gave her my card and you never returned my message. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Landon. It's not land and it was the girl up front. Yeah, but those go to land. So well, it's still on down. You're still the man. I am. So there you go. Yeah. Well, I'll get you myself a number. I'm good. I'd rather not have that. I don't want to complain about anything. Okay. Well, I'm providing you access to whatever you need. So just I'm happy to help. I'm going. Thank you. Please call the vote. Where we did. Oh, we called the vote. No. All right. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. We'll go to the other business, the gen item 6.1. Council, I've put a couple of items on here. Just related to earlier today as many of you know, because a lot of Members of our audience were here. We did have. We commemorated the opening of seven hazardous mitigation grant program ponds. Those are the seven ponds, Miss Becky. When I were talking about on the way in, seven ponds throughout our city. It was a it's a great day. Not because it's a victory lap just it's a great day because it's been a considerable amount of progress. We've worked hard every day since that 2016 rainy van and since the 2015 master plan to do everything in our powers to really try to mitigate a minimize flood risk throughout our community. And we've done that through a variety of ways I shared earlier at our ribbon cutting. It was really a three-faceted approach. We're talking about here tonight is really just the acceleration of our regional detention efforts. But there was two other components. My colleagues on the council at the time we raised building restrictions at the time for new development to make sure that we were not negatively contributing to any more stormwater issues. Second thing we did was we ensured that the existing system was working as