 All right. Good evening, everybody. Welcome. This is the regular city council meeting of the Youngsville City Council tonight's Thursday, July 11th. I'd like to ask this evening for a pastor Andy Manning from Church of Indiana to lead us in the invocation. And then if you please remain standing, our pledge this evening will be led by Councilwoman Jeanpine. Pastor, welcome sir. Thank you. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much, Lord, for your goodness and your grace. We thank you, Lord, for your provision, your healing, your protection. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord, for your provision, your healing, your protection. We thank you most of all for Jesus Christ, your Son, Lord. We thank you, Father, for the United States of America, for those who founded it, for those who fought to preserve our freedoms, Lord. We thank you so much for the city of Youngsville and the way that you've blessed us over the years as a city. And we look forward to Lord what you're going to do in the future. And Father, we thank you for our civil liberties. We thank you for religious liberty, for freedom of speech, for the right to bear arms. We thank you for a strong and effective affair in an honest government. Father, this evening we pray for our city council. Please give them wisdom and knowledge and understanding as they make decisions and solve problems for our community. Please help them to seek first the wisdom that is found in your word. Please help them to adopt the same attitude as that of Christ Jesus by assuming the form of a servant. Help them to get along with each other so that they can get things done. Father, please bless this city, the city of Youngsville. Please give us the peace and the prosperity that can only come from you. And Father, please bless the United States of America. And most importantly, Father, by kingdom come, that I will be done on earth as it is in heaven. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. One nation and one God, and the individual with liberty and justice for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Are the roll, excuse me. Ms. Bara, here. Mr. Volgiano is absent. Mr. Romero. Here. Ms. Cree. Here. Ms. Chauhan. Here. All right. Thanks, Ms. Gidry. 3.1 approval of the minutes from June 13, 2024. Motion by Councilwoman Bara's and second by Councilwoman Cree. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call for the vote. All in favor with the exception of Mr. Romero abstaining motion passes. A general item 3.2 approval of the June 27, 2024 special meeting minutes. A motion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Champagne. Any council comments or questions? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Motion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Champagne. Any comments or questions relative to the finance report? Any public comment? All right. No public comment, Ms. Gidry, please open the vote. All in favor, motion approved. A general item 5.1 is required. The preliminary plan approval for the resubdivision of track 3A1, the estate of Mr. and Mrs. George Gerard creating tracks 3A1A and 3A1B located in section 15T11S or 5E. We have a prior to this meeting. We held a public hearing at 545 to review the proposed subdivision of property where we accepted public comment. Is it okay, Ms. Champagne? No, I'm all right. Motion to approve as presented by Ms. Champagne and a second by a council member Romero. Is there any council comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. The motion is approved. Polling favor, motion approved. All right, thank you, council 6.1 is first of two bid reviews this evening. We opened the bids for the 2024 roadway improvement project. And I'll ask Pam just to kind of discuss. I'll give you an overview of that project. Okay, so we took bids on June 25th. We had our, well, first of all, our estimated cost of construction was 947,000. We did have two bidders that submitted Glidlige and Elliott construction. Glidlige was the low bidder at $899,762, which of course is below our engineers estimate. So we're going to have a full time meeting for the 2020 roadway improvement project. All right, thank you, Pam. Motion to accept by Ms. Champagne and second by Mr. Romero. Any comments or questions or discussion? Any public comment? This is largely for the Velasco crossing extension. We've been planning for some time. The contract or the, this is the bid that we opened, but it's also a few other roads. Ms. Pk and the roundabout the temporary for the roundabout, the tractor roundabout for the patching involving the roundabout at 89, and should matter the temporary until we can do our full blown widening project that is funded by Capitol Outlay. Okay, all right. If there's no public comment in this get dream, please call the vote to accept the low bid. All in favor, motion approved. Right, a genitom 6.2. Our second bid review is for pump station number four. Susan, would you like to present it to the council, please? Hi, we took bids on Tuesday. We received four bids. The estimate was 845,000 and our low bid came in at 746,000 and change. So we recommend accepting the low bid. All right. All right. Motion by. Oh, yeah. That was from. Oh, Louisiana contracting enterprise. Correct. All right. It's a motion by Mayor Pratton Romero to accept and a second by Councilman Sean Pine. Council comments or discussion just for the public's benefit. This is an upgrade to an existing sewer lift station pump station number four. As we refer to it, it's on Iberia Street at the horse arena where we awarded the water plant for last during our last meeting. This is going to be to rehabilitated. The parts were becoming hard to find. So we've these are for new pumps and then also up sizing the capacity to the best we can. So we're going to maximize the force main that travels from there towards the wastewater treatment plant. All right. If there's no comment or question, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote to accept the low bid. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thanks, Susan. Resolution 7.1 is resolution 2024 12 resolution authorized and in directing the mayor to execute for on behalf of city of youngsville, the parish of Lafayette Louisiana and active substantial completion from Glenn Lajay construction LLC pertaining to the completion of a contract for the 2022 roadway improvement program. Pam any comments about this. So we recommend starting the lean period. They'll be able to get that work done within the 45 days, but glad to have that one. Yeah, definitely. We did overlayed a lot of roads with that one. Yes, we did. All right. Emotion by councilman Shampine in a second on from councilman Shampine to. Excuse me, Ms. Barra's and then second by Miss Shampine. Excuse me. All right. Any council comment or discussion. Any public comment? All right. Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. So we have a question for the councilman. 1.2 resolution 2024 13 resolution adopted in the Louisiana compliance questionnaire for audit engagement for the city of youngsville for fiscal year Indian June 30th 2024. This is something we do every year prior to the start of our annual audit for the previous fiscal year that just ended. Motion by Ms. Shampine second by Miss Creed. Any council comment or discussion. Any public comment? Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Also, please let the record reflect Mr. Volgiano is now in attendance. We have one this evening at 8.1 is ordinance 492 2024 in ordinance of the city council of the city of youngsville authorizing the mayor of the city of youngsville Louisiana to execute a franchise agreement with at Miss energy corporation. Council this one's pretty standard as well. They're typically about 25 years. The terms appeared. The terms are the same. It's been reviewed by legal counsel and it's in final review by at moses at moses team. And you have the current draft in your packet. Motion by council member Romero and second by council member Shampine. Any questions. There's no questions. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you guys. Let's see. Pam, you want to go over any updates? Wow. Six. And then we'll go to Susan to knock out the engineering ones and then we'll do this. We'll do our internal staff. Oh, thank God. I've never been this. Okay. Can I call me off? All right. As you all know, you probably see in some tremendous progress at fortune and 89. The contract on the 89 is working on temporary roads for both the 89 portion and the fortune road roundabout contractors blowing and going with the subsurface drainage and he's in the flares of the roundabout. So that's kind of their critical path is doing drainage. And then when they start doing the internal part of the roundabout, those probably going to see some shifting to those temporary roads. So please be patient. I think we marked it down that we reduce speed to 35 miles an hour in that area because we do have workers working very close to the edge of the pavement. We got our 95% I see what they call it at 95% final plans comments and we're working on the 100% final final tab the mayor. So we are waiting for the special paper and then we'll have you sign that title sheet next week. We're within a week or so of making those and hopefully it won't be long. I think they have a December bid date, but they definitely need to get it through their system in August. I think so that they have it done by the end of their fiscal year. All the money put aside to it. So that's for the Riviera road. We are working on the highway 92 and press got roundabout. We are coming up with some cost estimates for different alternatives for Schmidt Agriab at this time. And and then we are trying to finish the EOR are doing some of the opacallit the site environmental that needs to happen for the parcels of the Anselam Cooley we have gotten permission from a few of the property owners to be able to get on to the property. So we should have our environmental consultant on the property within the next week or so. Perfect. Any questions for Pam? All right. So the next road project is actually will Susan. It's actually it's from Domang Zavobekeven did the project. It's the Fortune Road Preservation Project that will be our next road projects that's going out to bid. It's just a preservation project from Bonan and two young so highway. That will be let out to bid I think around September and then hopefully the Riviera will be December. Both of those are using federal or state grants really money. It's federal highway money that goes through state of Louisiana. Perfect. Okay. So both of those projects are 20% match for the city of Yung Zuo. So the I don't have anybody here from Neil Schaefer because as you all know we've had the design plans done for some time on the Iguiat Shimon Metery roundabout. So that's to build a second circulating lane around the entire roundabout and rebuild that surface from asphalt to concrete. Those plans are complete. We did get money in P1 through capital outlay. At this point really just waiting for it to go through the bond commission. So just from my experience and I mean maybe others may know better some own you can maybe enlighten us but I think the bond commission typically starts authorizing new projects later in the fall typically. So that will be that getting that funded through our authorized through bond commission is really our critical path right now to putting that out to bid. So that's what I that's what I need. And then besides that the other things we'll need to get through the bond commission are going to be the additional dollars for young so highway so that we can just continue that project seamlessly. Relative to Shimon Agriabh with Pam is referring to we're looking at different concepts Terry and I we've all been meeting about it. I think what I would really what I'm going to recommend is that we do that in phases similar to how we've done with Larivier as an example you know we we bonan was one to Larivier you know that road was so gone we did a temporary you know overlay to get to the main event and the main events going out to bid. At the end of this year and that's going to be the reason it widen widening at six feet closed drainage sidewalk everything Shimon Agriabh I believe everybody it's obvious to everybody it's kind of deteriorating in my opinion pretty rapidly so. So initial we do have some money available from last year's capital outlay plus our match I'd like to see how far we can get with just doing a mill and overlay of at least you know maybe giat to as far as we can get and then maybe dates on as far as we can get we can do the whole road with the curve wonderful and then we're going to look at that middle section as kind of our next phase where where there's the hard 90 degree you know turns there. We don't know that we can wait you know for full design I think we need to do something probably temporary just to get us through there. So all right Susan want to give us an update on your water and sewer projects please. So the wastewater plant we are both finishing up those plans and working on getting the DEQ permit or DEQ approval. So in the station four we just just awarded pump station three we're opening biz August 13th. The water plant we're executing the contracts and sugar mill pond we're getting ready to start serving the first main route. So great progress on our on our sewer I mean in this year's budget pump stations three four and 14 are scheduled for a rehabilitation up sizing and the second one's already going out to bid. What's out to bid now for opening bids before the August meeting and I don't know if you said that the wastewater treatment plants also going to be later this year. So we're going to have a lot of water and sewer infrastructure projects underway. Right. So any questions for Susan relative to any of those updates. All right. All right. Thanks Susan. The other road project I didn't give an update on as you all know we've talked and we also have I guess it could be described as probably 95. Somewhere between 95 and 100% plants for the East Milton widening project that project we did put out for a federal grant that was known as raise our ISE grant. Those awards were issued by the 27th of June. Unfortunately we didn't make this round we have the opportunity to submit again for next year. This as you'll know is adding the second circulating lane to the veterans round about it. Shem and Metery and East Milton and then also doing a widening project from South St. Blaze to I can't remember the name of the street what's the one right by CVS going to opa so. But anyway that street kind of by feel Christ roughly but similar to Shem and Agriab I think what I'm going to recommend that we do there is see if we can have some. I call them quick wins but in government and lingo it's probably not a quick win to look and see if we can do a churning lane or two off of East Milton until like Metery Center and then possibly if we can if we can fit it you know on to is it Brookdale. You know something because as we've talked about before I mean typically you know one person taking a left that doesn't want to use the round about. Is enough to back up traffic so we're hoping that maybe we can look at let's do something on an interim basis while we have the full design we're going to continue to pursue grand dollars for that project that that project is actually it's pretty complex and it's pretty expensive because unlike. Young's a highway this one has significant amount of utilities and also some right away acquisitions so but it's a great project great design as you all know is in the transportation master plan. But that transportation master plan was really looking at our 30 year population growth so I think any improvements that we do on an interim basis will help bridges over until we have the long term funding for the main event there. So all right Terry anything that you like to okay. Catherine. Good. Tim. Yes. I see. Under our sports program and the Sugar Beach volleyball summer league is continuing. Our girls indoor volleyball is registered to the end of into this month. Our girls indoor volleyball camps are coming starting July 16th and they'll take place for a three week period. F and A football the fall league is registering to the end of this month. The Bitty basketball summer league is coming to an end. Our adult softball league is registering until the end of this month also all our tennis programming continues in the rec center pickleball continues council on aging and all our free play. We have some more camps for Brad Boy basketball and Gavin Gil football camps that are coming up under our special events we finished the faster girls world series last week and of course the girls world series continues through Saturday. Our sports for all games are our special needs teams they started their games last night. Their game tonight has been pushed to seven due to the weather and they'll play again tomorrow night at 630. Shatland Pinto boys 6 you and eight you were all series at 40 teams will start next week on Wednesday July 17th with Oatman ceremony at 9 a.m. At the sports complex our pony boy zone which is the 14 you boys will start on July 24th at the sports complex our bus thing boys 10 you were all series will start on July 26th with China of Venezuela and Mexico being international teams and the first US team the qualifies Mary and Illinois so we'll have three more from around the United States plus our hosting playing and then our bronco boys have qualified to move on to the zone tournament in San Marcos Texas which is July 16 through the 20th and then our bronco girls currently right now got the number one seed in bracket play in the girls will series. If you're having been by the sports complex during the day this week in the 70 teams that are here for the girls world series from Laredo all the way throughout. I just want to make a comment I know that we've all talked about the sports for all program but had the opportunity to meet with the pony director that really started the program that is or the champions league that inspired our complex to you know really build our own program for the sports for all and he came up to me say we've never had six teams well we'll have eight teams and in this world series that are from in the champions league six from our sports for all program so he said he's never had since the inception of it he's never had that many teams and it's so I think that's just a wonderful test to my to have so many buddies that signed up to help those that you know may not have had the opportunity to experience play on a field at this level before so that's very exciting there as far as the expansion goes you want to comment on that a little bit. Yeah I mean I think they're making I mean good progress I think they still need a little little time for all the the final finishes final grades high-go seating all the grow in is continuing is coming along so I think it's coming along just I'm probably into the summer I guess or yeah that's what I that's what I'm understanding too we already have dates booked for the new fields for for travel ball teams coming in on those hopefully we can if possible if the contract releases it to us ideally we can consider maybe opening pickle ball a little bit sooner but we'll have an open event later this year to be to be announced so all right thank you Tim and just since we were kind of quick on time Catherine you want to give a little update on the finances would you let me to do so so what you have in front of you is we ended the 2024 the June 30th 1.15% higher over last year so for self-present thank you Catherine to encourage you think about it that shared with the couple of council members earlier was the last two months have been positive 7 over 7% higher than the same month previous year and then just under 4% for the most current month same month year over year so I think we're trending in the right direction as I know we did adopt a budget that showed a 0% increase on sales tax revenue so this will be the first month you know we haven't accounted for yet of the new fiscal year but hopefully we'll be able to continue the trend from the last two months and be off to a good start for this fiscal year just I wrote down a couple comments while I was listening earlier first I just want to congratulate councilman creed on st. She's the new president of our rotary club so congratulations continue to be very impressed with the work that your organization and mad in all the Rotarians are doing for our community they have I know they have a great pumpkin patch later this year and we're looking forward to having that at our new amp at the eater so they have some information out about that and then I guess my last comment I just want to share with the council our office has received a couple of inquiries about solicitation and should we have an ordinance about that or not so I just want to kind of put it on your radar if that interest any of you I'm happy to you know entertain it at another time or kind of talk to you about it we currently don't have an ordinance for prohibiting solicitation but I know during the summer there's often whether it's a pest control companies or alarm companies that that canvas our neighborhoods taking advantage of the extended daylight hours this previous councils have discussed the option of should that be regulated I've in some sort and the question that has come up before is you know where do you draw the line is of course there's you know football teams out you know promoting their fundraising those that are seeking elective office so anyway just some thoughts to consider you know as it pertains to that for those that have reached out to us so I just wanted to let everybody know about the sweet summer shop hop that the chamber is going to be doing at the end of the month July 27th it's basically going to be some of our small businesses that are going to be offering deals and specials on that day so I'd like to encourage the community to come out you'll be able to pick up your bingo card at who you craft coffee between eight noon and then go out and shop at the local shops if you are a local business that's a member of the chamber it is free to participate we just ask that you offer some sort of special or deal for those that are coming in to your establishment that day and if you are not a member of the chamber but you have a local business it's $50 to participate and you can find more information on the chamber's website thanks hailey key flu beer thank you mayor one thing I wanted to go over and explain everybody I have some slides put together since I've been here in office one thing I've made priority mine is to find things that the police department was under utilizing or not utilizing at all something that came across I found that I implemented immediately so to explain everybody axon is the company that puts out our body cam supports our body cams we had a program through axon that we were paying for not pay for it was including the package that we weren't using it all it's called my 90 so our citizens are going to start seeing this I'm going to put out some information online so that people can see it there maybe press release so we can explain to our citizens what it is so what my 90 is is a survey platform the survey platform is attached to the calls that our police officers go on on a daily basis we were able to to narrow down the calls we wanted to send these surveys out for and the only things that we excluded from these surveys to be sent out to people is calls series in nature where we don't want to re- victimize anybody so basically generic calls that we go on every day so what happens is when someone calls 911 their calls goes into a database through our dispatcher system a lot of people know our dispatchers or dispatch by the Lafayette chair office which comes into play in this also once that calls dispatched out their phone numbers recorded these people can remain anonymous on the call not giving names the survey keeps them anonymous we never know who is calling if they don't give a name nor do we know who these text message surveys are coming back from what it does is you call because somebody littered in your neighborhood right you make it a text message after it's closed out and it's going to say do you want to participate in this survey through axon my 90 with the Youngville Police Department we've had it active on the test basis for about a month now and this is just some snippets from the responses we've gotten I looked at it today for the first time I had a conference call with the company I thought it was huge not only does it you know I always try to interact with our public as much as possible to keep our finger to pull see what we're doing right see what we're doing wrong and this is an easy way to do it some of the people you may miss some people you may not talk you can't talk to everybody every day so in the little bit of time last 30 days we've had it up we had 37 responses from the public out of I didn't put the number of calls I think it was about 500 something calls that was sent out to the next one so basically we get feedback like this on a dashboard that I can view on a daily basis I have reports that are going to be sent to me on a monthly basis this particular one gives our satisfaction of kind of customer service right because reality that's what we do we solve crimes we deal with the public but ultimately we want people to be happy with what we're doing so this shows that 71% of the people who are sent to survey who responded very positively it's totally to the questions they were answered 16% positively and it goes down from there on the display we can click on each one of these in their interactive and they show us a multitude of things which will kind of show you on the next slide as we go through so it all asks us several questions one of them is what are their concerns their community so this gives us feedback from the public of what do they see what maybe that they don't see but that they're concerned about in their neighborhoods and in different areas that they live in so we're going to be able to take this and use it and go back to the public and say okay well let's look at this why are people feeling this way you know what's the reason for it it gives us directed patrols things that we can improve on or focus on more it shows us feedback like this and there's several different categories that are asked in the questionnaires 95% felt like they were treated fairly they have other ones I think the other one was 97% felt they were heard and listened to so it really gives us a feedback on how our officers are doing in the field and in the end you'll see it actually the comments section where people can put actual real life comments to feedback for that 94% felt they had their questions answered this is all important I love whenever people call my office and ask me a question because they didn't understand maybe what was going on the call or after the call they have more questions so we can explain that to them this just gives us training tools for our officers to go back and make sure we're explaining things properly. So we get feedback like this again just to show you completely anonymous it just gives us a date that it was put there this is some actual comments that were given by our citizens on different calls that our officers responded to it gives us silent accolades we can give to our officers of good things that they did we get negative ones to that can possibly come in and that also gives us the tip you point to sit there and say how can we fix ourselves I believe that's the last slide so that it just like I said just an overview of what's the common you see these text messages if you want to see it. It becomes from my nine year accident again I'm going to put this out on social media make sure that we can reach as many people as possible so they know what it is it's not a scam it's really just something to reach our types of citizens keep them involved in our police department and constantly give us an overview of what we can do better or what we're doing right so. So chief audience for this is someone that's had a call for that month. Yes so the audience of this is anybody who calls 911 or calls this request for certain any request for service the police department gets like I said minus some. Particular call we exclude it just to you know if it's a serious critical incident you know again want to re- victimize anybody that was involved in something serious and critical so. Thank you. The other any other announcements. All right if there's no other announcements as their emotion to adjourn. All right emotion by council member Romero and second by Ms. Barras. All in favor please say aye. All right. See unanimous aye. Meeting adjourned have a great evening. Here I thought he cursed it because it's always sitting down and lunch is like.