on the corner but I just my question is how many more townhouses are y'all going to let come here I mean I see it every day I mean like I said I've been here all my life and I watch it play out every day with the traffic it's a madhouse. I mean this is one way where where I'm at on the corner you have traffic coming from young'sville middle going this way leaving young'sville middle you have green tea living traffic and then you have people coming down the one way now you got all this traffic from all these townhouses I mean when is it how many more development y'all going to have I mean when is it going to stop that's all I mean I want to know at what point are you going to say okay you can't tell people what to do okay but we have enough townhouses I mean it's just like I said I mean Parc or something and I mean I know a lot of people are going to have the traffic and that's what I think it's just too much I mean this is a historic district but it's like you taking away from it with all of this stuff and I understand you want to enhance it but to me it has to stop somewhere because it's really too much it really is too much I'm saying I see it every day just like this one and I want to bring my grandkids to school traffic was backed up way past the car wash I had to go all the way around I'm gonna start moving in. You're gonna have to leave at four o'clock in the morning to go to work. When does it stop? That's all I wanna know. I mean, I understand progress. You have to make progress. You cannot stay stagnated. And I know the city has to move. I've been here from a village to town into the city. I've been here, you know what I'm saying? But it's just really out of hand. Everybody comes here, it's self-serving to them. I didn't hear anybody say, well, let's see if in our elders maybe need help to fix their dilapidated homes that's falling apart. Maybe some people don't have money. They don't fix incomes just like my parents. I mean, but just don't say like the city is just trash on the part where we live. There's older people live there, and they do need help. And the stuff that I'm saying is like, everybody that come and develop is self-serving, but I don't hear anybody saying, let's help the people. Let's see what they need there, what do they need? It's not like me, me, me, what I need. And let me try to get up. Let me get my money up, you know, quick fast in a hurry. I just wanna know when does it stop? Cause I really have enough.