a couple of times a week. We discussed it in the staff meeting. I asked him to give some thought to it. I think it was the next week. It felt like the next week I asked him for an update and he told me it was done. And so these signs are now there's been to already installed. There's going to be four around the fishing pond at at the Youngsville Sports Complex, which is around the pedestrian bridge that crosses over from the soccer fields to the parking area. And as a city, we're committed to installing these signs as we are now in the process of converting our veterans park from a Anselam drainage detention area. We'll have this installed there as we open our dog park later this year, another drainage project that's going to be by water. And then likewise, as our regional detention ponds come online as well, the other thing that we're committed to do is with our splash pad, we're going to be having an opening event this summer where we'll make this a focal point. And then the other component that we've committed to is engaging in reaching out to our homeowners associations and seeing if they can do something, you know, within, you know, smaller within their footprint. I mean, we, you know, are like the sports complex blue, but still able to incorporate your colors here as well. So the message to our community is when you are out at the sports complex crossing that pedestrian bridge, when you're on that walking trail, take a moment and have a teachable second with your child, scan the UR QR code rather, and learn a little bit about the mission. And let's work together to ensure that another family doesn't have to go through this again. And I know, I mean, Councilman Volgiano is a first responder and he has been on these type of calls and it can move an entire community. But we thank you for the opportunity to share your story and enable us the opportunity to hopefully put forth some steps that can be preventive in the future. So I'd like to present you with maybe take a picture with the sign up. We met at the sports complex yesterday. We were so excited because the signs got installed. We wanted to make sure that they were exactly with Heather and Adam and their families, you know, that they were in the right spots. They helped design the signs with Tim and his team. So thank you to all of you. So if you'd like to approach, we can take a picture with the proclamation and we'll continue to push your messaging out. There are social media channels and throughout the summer to continue to raise awareness as the heat rises and we're opening up. It was all across our city. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.