yourself. My name is Dene Broussard. I have been living in Young'sville for six years now. I'm moved from home. I absolutely love this town. I think that you're doing an amazing job. I do. I really do. I think I, in order to prevent corruption, stop corruption. The people like we're doing now needs to have a voice and don't need to listen because I'm sorry, but that's corruption. I don't have your phone number like she said. If you want it to be fair, put your phone number out there. So I can call you and I'm drunk and I hit a parked car. And then I can take your personal vehicle home too. So absolutely ridiculous. It's not fair. Y'all are elected officials. Everybody needs to say I made plenty. I'm not held to that same standard. I don't put myself up there as an elected official to do that. Y'all do different standards. Period. Thank you. Yes, sir. Keith Landry is my name is Keith Landry. I'm a resident in Sugar Mill Pond. I know Ricky. I've been around. He does a lot for us. Yeah, we're a very active community. I'm new here about two years now. Well, this is a black eye. And it's a black eye because it never should have got to this. Okay. Feel sorry that one of our residents sounded sleep at night. Now has a car that's almost total. We wouldn't even notify about it. Our security guard apparently must have walked up. And I didn't like the comments that were made about the security guard. They always sticking their nose and business. Well, that's what we pay him for. Okay. Now you're right. People make mistakes. But when you make a mistake, you stand up for it. And you take the consequences of the mistake. You don't hide for three months. Okay. Now, if an investigation is necessary, which I feel it is, yeah, when things hit the news, it's beyond a lot of field. And I really like everybody. So we don't we don't need to do this. Okay. It needs to be aired. It needs to be corrected so that it doesn't happen again. That could have been my house. That could have been my truck getting run into. Okay. We don't need that. This is a wonderful community. Love it here. Now, I'm one of those ones. Matter of fact, my wife, my wife's uncle was mayor. Mayor Denias. Okay. She wanted to come back home. And that's why we're here. So, yeah, I'll support whatever you'll do. Thank you, Mr. Andrew. Thank you. I'm sure you're talking about that. Anyone else switching to address the council? Yes, ma'am. And, ma'am, I'm sorry, I don't have your name either. So if you would mind identifying yourself. My name is Gertrude Johnson. My son was killed on January 7th. It's under investigation. So all I must say is toxicologies need to be done in this city.