intergovernmental revenues at 50 million thirty one thousand dollars. Now, how is that money going to be spent both in capital and operations of the city on the general government. This is pretty steady. It was two million four eighty four last year estimated to be two million six thirty five this year. And next year two million five ten. So next year is pretty much close to where it was in twenty three slightly higher, but less than what's anticipated or estimated for the current year. Under public safety for the police department last year four million five hundred and thirty eight thousand. And this is only operations of the police department capital is listed separately. This year looks like it's four million seven hundred and fifty eight thousand. Next year forecasted to be four million nine hundred and seventy five thousand. Fire department last year was two million two hundred and thirty four thousand this year two million eighty seven thousand. And next year in the budget year two million two hundred and forty nine thousand seven thirty. So pretty much back up to the level where we were. We had a slight dip this year, but next year getting back to where we were in twenty three. So streets and drainage to operate the public work street department last year two million two fifty two this year is a million seven thirty six and next year forecasted at a million eight eighty nine. There was some didn't you do some reclassification on some of that. You didn't. You did yeah. To better allocate where some of the employees were working. I think it's what you told me okay. On the utility system Brad talked about this seven million two thirty nine last year eight million two fifty six this year and eight million nine ninety six for next year. I'm sorry eight million eight ninety six for next year capital outlay now we broke it out here between how much is general government how much is public safety and capital projects which we talked about just a moment ago on pages I think six and seven or five and six on the capital outlay listing that we just went through. On the general government last year was two million six seventy two this year four hundred and forty seven thousand and for the budget year right off of that capital outlay request one hundred and sixty six thousand public safety for police one hundred and fifty nine thousand last year five hundred and forty six thousand this year and four hundred and seventy nine thousand for next year. Fire Department was six hundred and twenty one thousand last year nothing this year and nothing for next year in capital. Several projects for various capital improvements which we just talked about ten million seven eighty last year actual number this year five million eight eighty one and for the budget year twenty million two hundred ninety nine thousand