leave me messages about stuff like that. I don't know how I can solve that because parents want to bring their kids to school and the route to school is in front of your house. But why block my driveway, Mr. Redder? We can't sign our way out of it apparently because I have a sign there. And we had a neighborhood where we had 50 something signs about the speed limit. And we took them down. I mean, it, it, it, we can't sign our way out of stuff when you, you said it, people don't care. So a sign's not going to help unfortunately. But we care, Mr. Redder. I know. All these people here, we all care. And if you care, do what we ask, a, a sample speed sign and also. You think that's going to help just like the, don't block my driveway sign. That's clear as day. And what happens? They block your driveway. Okay. What about a cop? I've asked for a policeman. And my words are twisted. Ma'am, we can't have a cop there all the time. I didn't ask for a cop all the time. If the parents will see there's a cop there a few times. And it's clear what you do and what you don't. A cop there to let the parents see, do not block the driveway. It'll get around. You don't block the driveway. I'm really quickly saying, Mr. Redder, when I'm trying to leave my driveway, how do I back up safely with all the traffic and the oncoming traffic? How do I back up my driveway to see that there's oncoming traffic? You follow me? Do you see what I'm saying? Because I do, because I live there. And you know what else? I don't leave. I don't run errands from 8 to 830 in the morning and from 2.30 to about. I don't think we're going to have a 3.30 to 10 up to 4. Right now. But thank you for the feedback. I do appreciate it. What I will do differently, I'm going to have a conversation with the principal at the school because she cares a lot. And I think that she can get that message out to the car riders. I think that that's a takeaway that I can do for you. OK. Thank you, ma'am. I'm just going to say, yes, please. Yes, go ahead. I just want to say one thing. I'm jotting down all of the concerns from every once in a night, no matter whether they come from 8 to Z. I just want to make it clear again that the reason tonight's forum is on what you do and don't want to see built in the downtown historical district. So if that is a convey tonight, we are leaving here with literally nothing, nothing more than what we came here with. And I want to make sure that I'm conveying that as loud as we possibly