now he originally had done it as a boundary line adjustment. I kicked it back and said, no, it's a division of property, because it's my understanding, so Mr. Groget would like to keep 3.39 and do his home on the 3.39 acres, the 3a1-1a, but he's going to sell the 8.33 acres. So what I wanted is for us to bring it into, because whoever buys that 8.33, we don't let them come in here and saying, well, I'm now gonna divide this, and then again, we just have, it's the old family might own it, whatever, and family sells it. We've never been very successful as that happens. We don't want to tell people what to do with their property, but by the same token, if it's going to keep getting on, that's for all intents and purposes development. And I wanted you guys to know in case you drive out there and start seeing all these houses, why we didn't see plats or whatever, well, if they keep submitting them as boundary line adjustments, you'd never see them. So that's what this is. And so the purpose of this is I wanted to make sure that we had everything on it that we needed to have, but also to have the notes, to let them know that, so we need a legal description on it, because again, there's no legal description as to those two lots. And that's part of what's required. They need to include the city limits, the base flat elevation data on it. They need to put the note requiring all city streets that board of the property, they need to have sidewalks. It's my understanding that on the previous one, they did not tell Mr. Gajay that he had to put sidewalks in front of his home when they did, because it was just a boundary line adjustment. So it didn't fall under the subdivision regulations, but we need, it's been the, this area has been divided way too many times over the last nine years, they need to start putting sidewalks. And then we made sure they understood the note of the finished floor elevation, need to be more than two feet for to the center line of the adjacent road, or one feet above BFE, whichever is higher, because it is open ditch out there. And that we wanted a note added that if development detention pod is not constructed at this point that each lot's gonna provide it. So again, we don't want any pushback because we have on some of the previous ones, people don't want to put out detention pod. Impervious area is impervious area. You have these large lots, what happens is they start what a house, they got a barn, they got a large driveway, they got a pool, whatever. Like it's a big lot and people put a lot of impervious area on them. If you don't, then your pond is probably just gonna be