the barriers with with natural materials. Jimmy. Right here. Yes. So I'm sure you heard that some of the items so obviously the councils. I'm looking at both the residential and your development and trying to be neighborly and trying to bridge the gap here. So I want to make sure you know one of the reasons why the buffer to you know the 35 instead of the 50 requested. Really intense and not have any parking. Abate you know. Basically how you have it now nothing you know flipping it around or anything like that. Where you have parking up against you know closer to the fans line or that. So you know what you're doing. So you. What he proposed was to reduce the green belt from 50 to 35. You'll have a request of 25 but very soon we just changed to 35. Which I know. You know that property on that east side you actually can get closer. We can't. As discussed that that layout wouldn't wouldn't accommodate the parking requirements. And you're talking. So the variance that the 35 foot would be on the both of both legs of the western track. So you see how the angle part out at the entrance the angle parking. That's a direct effect of the 25 foot so so so adding 10 feet there. So that's what the stipulation is I'll give those requirements to the architect and go to the drawing board. But we found the threshold to meet that parking was around the 25 foot. Yeah well with the hours operation you know I understand. Yeah. 35 would allow you to gain parking on the the left leg right. And if you get that there are many. Yes. So. So as as we're talking with 35 we're going to lose 14 spaces in the main configuration. So geometrically we're not allowed we would not be able to gain 14 spaces in that rear of the figure. As as that layout is. But I think at this time I mean assuming based on the council's action I mean assuming that it would pass or I mean there could be. It could be a substitute motion or it could be that depending upon the outcome of that vote that you take it back to your client and since the arson questions about the use and the so. Okay. So that's what I think is going to be. I think that's what I think is going to be. Or make sure I'm not misunderstanding was the 35 foot restricted to the. That. Sutherland that a bus the three lots to the rear. Is that 35 foot restricted. It's. It's entire. Okay. Yeah. Especially with these hours operation. Okay. Depending upon it may create a second issue for you depending upon the the action of the council but if it creates a secondary issue about number of parking spaces or things. I mean it. I mean you welcome to bring