 is Thursday, March 9, 2023. I'd like to call this meeting to order. Today is the regular schedule meeting of the City Council and Mayor. This evening, I'll ask for councilman Stansbury to lead us in our Pledge of Allegiance. And then if you remain standing, the invocation will be led by Pastor Mary Rochelle from Asbury United Methodist Church. I pledge allegiance to the United States of America. And to the Republic, what we're just saying, when we nation under our indivisible liberty and justice for all. We give you thanks, creating God, for the blessing of this good town, for these servants and for our good neighbors. Bless us this evening, that our work may be good, that our decisions may be fair and wise, and that we may serve all that we meet as you came to serve this world. We pray all this in the name of your Son, Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Pastor. All right, good evening and welcome again. Have a few quick announcements and people to address the council this evening. Sure, everyone knows we had a Marty Robb for eight a couple of weeks ago. And tonight we have some special guests. We have judges every year for our Marty Robb parade. And tonight it's our pleasure to recognize the best original float, the prettiest float, and also the most spirited float. Before I get into those awards, I just wanna share with everyone that we, I believe had a very successful Marty Robb parade this year. Continuous improvements, always the name of our game in Young'sville. Thanks to a lot of feedback from our participants and also those that were our guest. We still see some opportunity we want to tweak to ensure that we can continue providing the safe and fund experience for everyone. So we've heard a lot of your feedback. We're gonna continue to listen. And internally we're meeting monthly between now and the next Marty Robb parade to make the necessary adjustments where we need to. But overall we were very pleased with the way it worked out. But I just want to put that out there that we know that success is never final. And we know we still have some opportunity. We look forward to doing it. At our next recap meeting for Marty Robb, or not recap meeting planning meeting. I guess we're no longer recapping. We're inviting a few of our drivers, float captains to come as our guest so that way we can hear from them about their experience and also learn how we can make improvements from their vantage point. We did get probably close to 50 surveys when we solicited feedback from members of the community. And we've read all of those and believe that we have our best foot forward with a plan on how to move forward in the future. But we thank everybody for coming. I think overall largely the takeaway was for the city to have a collegiate tournament with 10 different softball teams from seven different states that coincides with the largest independent parade to my knowledge in the area. I'm sure it's larger than the area. We were overall very pleased. So without further ado, I want to acknowledge, announce the winners. And then those that are here, after we announce them all, we'll invite you to come up and take a picture with the council for the best original float for the 2023 Youngsoe Mortigal parade with crew decant. All right, I hear them here. All right. Congratulations, crew decant. Prudest float is crew dec... Crew decray. OK, all right, yeah. And most spirited float, crew delay or lie. All right. Perfect. I feel like I've seen y'all's name before. Was it just on the permit or have y'all wonderful? OK, that makes sense. That makes sense while you look familiar and everything. So all right, well, let's get... We have not figured out the best place to take pictures in here yet. Yeah. Why don't you all want to try to do it in the front, just now? Since it's only a smaller group, let's see what we can do. So let's invite crew to camp up first, and then we'll get crew decray, and then, of course, right after that, the most spirited float as well. So... Yeah, how about that? Let's invite our guests maybe... How about y'all want to come in front of us, and then we'll just stand at our spots and want to try like that? Yeah. Congratulations. No. I think that's why I'm so really happy. I love the spirit. How's it going? Hey, what's going on? Nice to see you. Thank y'all. Good ride. Good ride. So... And the pole's going to take a cold. All right. Are we good? Yeah. How's it look, photographers? It's great. All right. All right, congratulations, crew to camp. Best original float. All right, how about our prettiest float? I should have had this teed up to where I had your pictures on the screen. So... noted on my... After... On my to-do list or the after-action Marty Gras stuff, we're going to get that straight. I know so much. Hey, Chelsea, congratulations. Nice to meet you. Thank you. Angel, thank you so much. Congratulations. All right. Come on, I'm going to do it. Thank you. And we have more. We have ours. We have ours. Yeah. Perfect. Congratulations. All right. The last... The last but not least, our most spirited float. So is it spirited three years in a row? Or was it? No. Rehabilites, break and float. So you've gotten the trifect with it, right? It's pretty good. Every category? All right. Thank you. We appreciate y'all. We appreciate y'all staying. Thank you so much, congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. All right, yeah. Just good now. I'm going to leave the page. This is going to be all right. Thank you. All right. Congratulations. Thank you all so much. We'll see y'all next year. All right. Appreciate it. All right. I don't have the day of Marty Graugh for 2024, but I don't think we'll need to announce it, because I think it's just going to handle itself with the popularity. All right. A gin item 2.2. I'm pleased to welcome Mr. Jacob Landry, who's here this evening to announce his candidacy for the Louisiana State Representative, C. District 49. Mr. Landry, if you'd like to come up and address the council, you'll welcome him. Welcome, sir. Thank you. Good evening. Thank you, Mayor Ritter and esteemed members of the City Council. I'm Jacob Landry, and I'm running to be the next state representative from District 49. District 49 has changed this year in this election cycle. It used to stop at the million parish, whereas now it takes in Young's Hill up to Fortune Road from West Barat, North Fortune, and it comes down in Young's Hill highway, and then it meanders kind of behind the church. It's down 90. It takes in some Iberian to Lydia, Marshall, and for those of you that may know where Marshall is at, and it comes in there for a million. It takes in E-Rath, Woodlawn, and comes back to Lafayette parish line. So I was born and raised in E-Rath, Louisiana, where I attended E-Rath High School, and later went on to USL, which is now University of Louisiana at Lafayette. I studied industrial technology. And then in 2004, I married my high school sweetheart, who's here with me in the audience, Hanifalgu Landry. From there we moved to Young's Hill, Louisiana, where we started our family. I'm a self-made family man. I built series of businesses in this district and invested and been very blessed with some of the best people in this district that I supported us and helped us build these businesses, and still today reside in this district and work for these businesses. I did that along with my family, which includes my mother, my father, my sister, my brother, and other family members. We built this business in the All in Gas business, where I will only stand up for All in Gas, because I feel All in Gas plays a vital part in our district and in our state. I think it's been here, and it's helped build this state, and I hope it continues to build this state. But with that being said, I will continue fighting for all industry and businesses in the state of Louisiana, because I feel that is the root of continuing to push Louisiana forward and becoming a top tier state in the United States. I could have moved to Texas. I could have moved to North Dakota, West Virginia, but through the great people of Louisiana and in this district, I chose to, with my family, stay in ERA, Louisiana, where we have our main headquarters. Is that because of District 49? I believe in the most talented people in a KDN. I stay here because I see every day what we are capable of, and that is why running for state rep, I want to play an active role in moving this district and state forward. I want to be a partner, and work closely with municipalities in District 49, where we will work hard to bring investment and infrastructure, quality of life, and jobs that lead to lasting careers. Thank you. Thank you. Jacob, we wish you the best of luck in this seed. We know it is redistrict. We are excited about having District 49 in Compass, Young Zwill. This has a lot of Young Zillena. It sounds familiar. This district was the seed of our councilman, Champagne, she held it. We are excited for the opportunity to have District 49 in Young Zill. With your experience and knowledge of Young Zwill being a former resident of Young Zwill, I know you are very familiar with the district. Wish you the best of luck to you and Hannah, and we are here to help you with anything that you do. When we were in Young Zwill, I remember the Young Zill stopped right there at the pond. It is grown and we live in Iraq, but we call Young Zill our second home. That ballpark is sometimes our Friday Saturdays and Sunday. We appreciate everything you do to keep Young Zill beautiful and growing. Thank you. Absolutely. Thank you. All right. We have another special guest or special record, special announcement this evening. Councilman Standsbury, our colleague on the City Council is going to hear to declare his candidacy, Parlapia Parish Council District 3. So Ken, the floor is yours, sir. Council, okay. Fellow council members and citizens, it was very important for me to make this announcement first here at our council meeting. I've had the privilege the past eight years to serve you as a councilman in Division D. We've been together for over a hundred meetings. That's a lot. We've accomplished a lot working together as a team focusing on improving the quality of life for our citizens. I'm very proud of the work that we have done and continue to do. As some of you may know, Lapia Parish Councilman Josh Carlson has announced his intentions to run for state rev for district 43. After prayers and conversations with my family and close friends with the support of my wife and children, I am announcing my candidacy for the Lapia Parish Council District 3. We have a great model here in Young Zill and I'm excited to bring the success that we have here to the parish level and move the parish forward. I will be a strong and effective leader. I will always put the needs of our community first. If elected, I will continue to work with our leaders here in Young Zill, Bruce Sard and Lapia Parish. So that together, we can make Lapia Parish an even better place to live, work, start a business and raise a family. I look forward to meeting with the citizens in district 3 and being your voice. Ask for your prayers and support in this journey. Please follow my social media page as we begin to ramp up our campaign and push more information out. I appreciate the time that you have given me and it's time to continue the progress. Thank you. It has, or it is a privilege to serve with you. You know, you were elected to serve as a council member the same time I was elected to serve as mayor. Our success in Young Zill is a shared success that everyone here deserves on our staff, on our council. I think it has been a team effort and I'm excited that you are taking your leadership to extend it to serve us even greater in Lapia Parish. You know, since we have had the privilege of now serving some of us on our third term in this seat, we have seen the ups and downs of ups and downs and different levels of engagement from those that are elected to serve us at the parish level. And if anything is clear to me is that we have to have the right partner in the right level of commitment, the right level of leadership because population wise, Young Zill is the second largest municipality out of six out of Lapia Parish and we can achieve the things that we need to do just from inside these four walls of this room. So your leadership has prepared you well for this seat. I've always admired your ability to balance your civic obligations, your business, your family, your service to your country. And it's truly been admirable to watch from this seat and I look forward to helping you in any way that I can to excel in your new role once elected as parish council member. So best of luck to you. You have my full support and I'm excited to watch you being that next journey and continue fighting not only for Young Zill, but for district three and Lapia Parish. So thank you for stepping up to service. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you. Any other announcements? All right. We'll go ahead and get started. 3.1 approval of February 9th, 2023 minutes. Motion to accept. All right. Thank you, Mr. Boljana. Second by Ms. Reo. Any comments or questions about the finance report? Are the minutes, excuse me. The minutes of February 9th. Okay. No comments. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Reo. Yes. Mr. Boljana. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Sainsbury. Yes. Mr. Shamplan. Yes. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you. Council 4.1 approval of the January 2023 finance report. So moved. Mr. Romero's Councilman Sainsbury. I didn't bring it downstairs with me, but I can tell you we're about eight months consumed into the fiscal year. You may have a copy of it if not Wilkson, it's you by email eight months in tariff fiscal year. Our year over year sales tax growth is it's I think it's about seven and a half percent. We did budget six percent. So just an observation that it is, you know, tightening a little bit to where we budgeted with eight months, you know, fiscal year. But still very pleased that we're ahead of last year. So there's no comment or question. This good. Please call the vote. Mr. Voljiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Shamplan. Yes. Motion to approve. Thank you, Nicole. 5.1 resolution 2023. 04 resolution authorized and in directing the mayor to execute for and on behalf of the city of Young zoo, parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, and active substantial completion from Glen Lajay construction contract or pertaining to the completion of a contract for pump station three upgrade and the downtown streetscape project. Motion to pay us. Mayor. All right. Thank you, Councilman Shamplan. Second. Second by Councilmember Stansberry. There is a small punch list on this project that's in your packet Council members. There's already a great amount of progress that's been made on that particular punch list. And I don't know about y'all, but I'm very pleased with the way that it's come out. We are scheduled to have a ribbon cutting on Monday at 930. I believe for this to accept it from the contractor, but very pleased with the work. As we have grown so much, this is just a source of pride for all of us, you know, to have that re-imagine street between city hall, young zoo, middle, and beyond. If you leave here tonight and notice, we're still missing I think three lamp poles right outside the municipal complex building, some banner brackets to St. Anne's Church. So this first block of lights is not on yet. That's just a minor detail. I think those updated street lights are going to be coming in middle this month and then they'll be installed short back. So there's no questions on it. In this case, you're please call the vote to accept the project. Mr. Limerro. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Mr. Shamplan. Yes. Mr. Tario. Yes. Mr. Volgiani. Yes. Mr. Schubert. All right. Thank you, Councilmembers. 5.2 is resolution 2023.05 or resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute four. On behalf of the city of Youngsoe, Paris of Lafayette, Louisiana, active substantial completion from Glenlays, a construction contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for the 2021 roadway improvement program. So, okay. That's all right. Emotion by Volgiano, second by Romero. Any comments or questions on this project? Again, with this minor punch list that we were working on, this was the reconstruction of Bonan Road, was probably one of the more recent projects that was part of this. And then also hundreds. How can you forget hundreds? Right. But anyway, a lot of great work. This project put a lot of asphalt on the road. So Pam will probably comment about it maybe in her update. So, please have another project complete. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. St. Vary? Yes. Mr. Schubert. Mr. Raeo? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Stolmero? Yes. All right. Council, the next two are related. You asked me at a previous meeting to research some opportunities to house our historic society. So, I have had those discussions with the Chamber Board of Directors about there. In the future, we do have a lease agreement with them at 305, sorry, 307 Iberia Street currently. But what I'm proposing with your authorization here is to allow me to negotiate a new lease agreement for the Chamber of Commerce to occupy space at our now City Hall Annex building. And that would open up the opportunity to house the Young's Will Historic Society at 307 Iberia, which houses the Young's Will Chamber of Commerce today. I think it presents a great opportunity. I think we all saw the need when we heard from the Historic Society, we recognized the work that they're doing. We just weren't ready to make the commitment to give them space in a house that's where we left it in the public's view. We were looking at a house to house the Historic Society. So the direction, the consensus of the Council, you know, in individual conversations since then, was that what we wanted to provide a space for them, we wanted to utilize the resource, the assets that we have, at least in the short term. So I mean, this, if successfully passed tonight, we'll allow me to negotiate the agreement with both of them. I haven't discussed a particular way about what our ability is for the Historic Society, so what I'm looking to do is really just move the Chamber of Commerce into really my old office next door, still have, and with daytime use of the Council Chamber, we'd still have nighttime use for civic associations of the Council room, which is the same as the way we operated it when we had City Hall there. Keep their rent flat will be my proposal. And then the Historic Society, negotiate with them to what I'm going to initially propose is perhaps a two-year agreement for the Historic Society, very minimal, whatever we can legally do, minimal, least cost, so that way they are able to get established, come up with their business plan, and then I think, you know, what we've seen them do in two years, if history repeats itself. I think that, you know, we'll have a pretty clear direction on where they're wanting to go, you know, for their future. So the first agenda, I'm going to mis 5.3 resolution 20, 20, 306 resolution authorizing the mayor of the City of Young's Wood and the Gochita lease agreement with the Young's or Historical Preservation Society for the lease of city property located at 307 Iberia Street and to execute any and all documents. All right. Motion by Miss Reo, second by Mr. Bullgiano. Any comments or questions or thoughts about how we're approaching this? I did have a quick question about this. I was at a HOA meeting. I guess we don't supply Wi-Fi or... Next door. Well we do. It was, we've had a few ups and downs basically, can disconnect the utilities and bring them over here. We do have internet back on next door because we're... Yeah. Yeah. We have internet service restored next door because we're about to launch the kiosk for utility and citation payments in the... I call it the drive through of the annex building. So we had to reconnect internet and if it's not on as Wi-Fi, all we have to do is probably put a router Wi-Fi is on. Okay. Short answer. It was just a couple HOAs and they were talking about it. I was at one meeting. They couldn't bring up something. They were trying to do it off their phone. Yeah. So I think that we were able to extend LUS-5 or to that facility as well. So we were able to disconnect what we had, reestablish it with LUS-5 or so. Yeah, it should be a better experience. Okay. For the future. Mr. Man. If I may. I know we have to call it a vote. But my wife has personal involvement with this society. So I will abstain from this, but I fully support this move. I know we've talked about it. Just to be on the up and up, I don't want to have it back. I hope you can work a great agreement out with that group. I think they've made tremendous strides in short amount of time. That's a ton of work. All right. Thank you. Any other comments? Any public feedback or comments related to at least negotiation with the Young's World Historic Society at 307 I agree. Okay. If there's no public comment, Ms. G. Drupes, call the vote. Ms. Shombai. Yes. Ms. Nisrael. Yes. Ms. Volgiano. Yes. Ms. Dulemello. Upsain. Mr. Stanger. Yes. All right. Thank you, Council. And individually, guys, if you all have any feedback after tonight, you know, I'll keep you all abreast. But I'm a welcome any any feedback that you may have to take into consideration. 5.4 Resolution 2023 of 7 Resolution Authorizing the Mayor of City of Young's World and negotiate at least agreement with the Young's World Chamber of Commerce for the least of city property located 305 Iberia Street and to execute any and all documents. Move to except resolution number 2023 dashes. All right. Thank you. Second. Mayor Protum. Romero. Second by Councilman Volgiano. You know, very similar here. I think they're I think the chamber's excited about it. What we're envisioning right now is kind of paint a broader picture of some possibilities is the mayor's old office will be for the chamber director. You have the utility billing area that could potentially be basically refreshed. Take some of the cabinets off the wall potentially new paint. The board table can possibly go in that area and see utility billing areas opened up. And that still leaves room for the multi-purpose room, the council room to be used for leadership youngsville business seminars workshops, whatever the chamber board deems appropriate. And what we're envisioning is similar to how we use city hall where at nighttime will still be maintained on a calendar that a me in our office maintains. And similarly, if we we've been having some contractor meetings next door, my construction meetings and so forth. Similarly, if we desire to use the meeting space next door, we'll just loop the chamber director in it as well. Our vision for the rear of the building currently is that the old accounting office, Ben's office will be used for storage. I pictured the chief administrative officers office and Amy's office can still be available for maybe a district office for district 49 potentially. Potentially. Potentially. Potentially. I'm just throwing things out there. And then. So anyway, it has a lot of good potential for a lot of us. So. And I'm excited to see it, you know, I think with a with an updated coat of paint in there, I think that building could serve the chamber. And us as city hall annex, you know, for years to come. I don't think we're going to have to do anything extensive there. But like the other building, I'm open to feedback or comments about it. Any council comments? Yes. For the, do we anticipate the chamber doing any kind of sandwich changed on the building like any kind of personalized on us chamber commerce or are they going to leave it standard? We didn't get we didn't talk about that yet. I mean, I think we would we certainly want them to have branding. They have their sign at the 307. And we did. Nicole did add the word annex to the monument sign next door, but. Yeah, we we certainly want to give them, you know, whatever, you know, visibility. So we haven't really gotten to that level of discussion. Any public comment related to the least negotiation for the chamber commerce at 305. All right, there's no comment. Just give your please call the vote. Miss Reo. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. All right. One ordinance for final adoption ordinance 465.1 2023 in ordinance of the city of Youngsville repealing section 5 of ordinance 465 2022, which restricted the use of a movable property. We've to adopt ordinance number 465.1-2023. I think a second. All right. Thank you. Mr. Stansberry. Miss Shampon. Any council comment or discussion. Nicole, has there been any further communication property? Any other council comments or discussion? Any public comment? No public comment. Miss Gidry. Please call the vote. Mr. Bojano. Yes. Mr. Emerald. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Mr. Shampon. Yes. Mr. Reo. Yes. All right. Thank you. Council will move right into staff reports. Let's see. How about we do this. Chris, you good? Yeah. We have Chris from the C.H. Vince to make her see her as well as Stewart, B.O. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. I know people who are in the city of Young Design package number one was a construction plan for the initial amphitheater work Those plans were completed on February 1st. The permit was received by the city engineer Finns to maker Established server control on site and the contractor began mobilizing last week and started moving dirt this week So we have moving dirt Design package number two was water and sewer on the site Those plans were completed on February 9th And were submitted to DHH on that day as well We had a pre-bid meeting with JB Bhutan on February 17th to discuss any options our questions they might have had Actually this morning we received our DHH approval Construction is anticipated to start on or about March 27th later this month I believe JB Muton has also received bids recently on those suddenly they were reviewing them gearing up for that Design package number three is the next big milestone that we have As of when we wrote this report last week we're about 90% complete with our Our hope to finish those this week that's gonna get pushed back the next week We are dotting the eyes and crossing the teeth spoke to Stuart he said he'd rather not have anything's changed and he moving any dirt anymore times and necessary So we want to make sure we have everything done properly. I've been contacted the city engineer to discuss this That it was broken up into multiple pieces. We are doing work currently on a few ball fields and the amphitheater But we're gonna get the drainage approved for the entire site that way we don't have to do the drainage report twice That way when it is time to build fields that other two fields and other parking lots we can roll right into construction Design package number four would be what we consider the remaining site elements except for the concession stand That's about 65 to 70% complete and we estimate that those plans will be done on or about April 14th middle of April And lastly would be design package number five, which is the concession stand and we estimate that about 30% complete and We look to those plans being done in late May around late 19 Any questions for Chris or Stuart as well I think what you're seeing here is that is the the beauty and the benefit of a C more project. I mean this is all this is I mean There's dirt being moved on this site today Because of the early design package number one that you're seeing here on the screen And it's being phased in being reviewed internally and then being released out so From my vantage point it's working really well as intended you know the legislature gave a special permission and approve Would it treat this as a construction manager at risk project Difference being that the plans on have to be a hundred percent done and dropped all and then we hope for the best the day We open the bid we're working with the contractor that our committee selected to price it in each each step along the way so now very exciting and I believe for the for the public's benefit or for all of your benefit as well I mean, we're still looking at this time next year roughly for completion of the of the expansion But of the phase that we've authorized to move forward which is the amphitheater to full-size baseball fields the pickle ball courts and then parking Yeah, and we would construct all the drainage on side effectively both ponds. Yes So those are those will be set up when the baseball fields do come into the other ones. Yes Dranges all there for them So basically stubbed out to where when we do the two other fields and then in an interim period It's gonna have you have open green space that can still certainly be used for recreational purposes But the infrastructure it'll be less invasive when we do have the money to go in and and build up the second phase similar to how we did with sugar beach Comments or questions about this I'm open and for comments or questions just because this is the first time we've had You know in a good official update I would not be keeping the council abreast through your updates in the packet as well So Stuart sorry, I don't see us having to Leave the site so that we're on site. We should be able to keep working and these design packages should You know, everybody can keep it from Perfect we'll do we'll do our part because All right, well, we thank y'all we appreciate it very pleased with the progress in the way this project's going And from a funding standpoint we are I think Monday's our next call with our bond attorneys is your recall We're funding this with the new bond issuance. We did a partial issuance. I guess was them It was a complete closing but we only closed on part of the money 5 million to acquire the property at the time into advance some upgrades to the current facility Upgrading turf prior to last year's Mardi Gras Mamba So we're we're moving ahead With with borrowing the second round which is 14 million We're gonna we have a call about that next week. So at the next council meeting They'll probably be some more authorizations required from the council to take those to take that to market So to actually start selling bonds. So all right. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it 10 Okay, no, you have the council notes in front of you, but just some some highlights this past weekend We had the south Louisiana high school Girls fast pitch softball tournament We were also part of the rage in case in classic Multiple sites for indoor girls volleyball tournament and this weekend will have 77 Utre plus a baseball teams this weekend for the tournament on the sports program We pretty much put all the teams together For our baseball softball league and open-in-day April April 15 The YSC Beach League we're on on pretty much on the mark to for a hundred plus teams again for the spring league that deadline is tomorrow for registration A KDN sports league baseball softball is playing during the week at the complex Bitty basketball this month will host that world tournament March 23rd through the 28 It's boys and girls 12 you FNA is registered for spring football Southside will host the Pelican Cup tournament next weekend All tennis programming continues in the first collegiate match will be with UL men's tennis against versus South Alabama this month on Saturday March 26th We also are the host site for the Crawford Classic Which is March 27th to 31st, which is at multiple sites around around Lafayette Just the rec center we have started with this Diana a leisure non-competitive court for pickleball So if anybody on Tuesday and Thursdays from 8 30 to 12 You know truly for beginners The southeastern Sugar Beach, you know, plus the tournament is is next weekend The 16th the teams will be practicing from three o'clock to 6 30 and then the matches will be on Friday and Saturday 9 in the morning till 6 in the afternoon Our partnership with southeastern kind of opens up the possibility to possibly host the Southland conference beach tournament and then also just recent to Sunbelt conference just Institute of Beach volleyball which gets us closer to possibly UL starting their own beach Program where they could house their matches at our site Big weekend next weekend will have a you know that the Sugar Beach Blast the Cajunee League indoor volleyball tournament the Pelican Cup and a 2D baseball going on all all at the same time Also this month in the months is the chamber the guns and hoses volleyball tournament on Friday March 31st And then just an update on the splash pad they have poured the concrete they're going to make another final pour tomorrow Once they do that the last step will be the you know the the the coating and the surfacing in the fixtures Fencing and protected netting So they're they're scattered this the finish at the end of April and we would be pretty much on time to open you know mid-May Or the end the May around the world that weekend when all the pools and everything open open up Awesome great great job, but I just want to highlight something that he that Tim shared In case we missed it. I don't I think this is the first time we've heard this particular update. I learned about it earlier First I think it's the first college tennis match at our complex. So UL's tennis team will be playing to UL's men's tennis team will be playing at The Raising Cain's young sports complex tennis center against South Alabama. So Sunbelt you know Sunbelt college game on a Sunday at our at our center. So very very cool to Tim bill to everybody there I always I don't know who to uh don't never know who to call on after Tim's update, but I'm a I'm a big Pam I knew I knew I look I was I was gonna call on Pam anyway and love Pam Pam raise her hands. She did I'm good. I mean they Tim does a great job. So I'm good. It's all right You know I do the boring stuff. He does the exciting stuff I'm what's you know with me and uh and Sarah and a couple of people stand between you guys and suffer. So I'll make it quick um We have we've been having some great weather. Of course that also means yes Dusty we're moving dirt. We're moving dirt quickly. So on our detention ponds on our five on Bailey Grove We've already got one dug We've probably are 75% on the second one which we're so pond five and pond four they're working their way back closer to Shaman Metery When you see him on Shaman Metery dig in that pond you know we're close to being finished with regards to Bailey Grove Kool the South also going pretty quickly And of course as you can see the stack of dirt that we have on 89 for our 89 and a fortune road roundabouts our critical path right now for those two projects is the drainage That's the biggest cost item that is that we are trying to finalize. So we've already To be able to get to our gmp so that we're doing ours a little bit different. It's a seam more But we can actually we have less packages than the sports complex So from a standpoint of the road We will have two phases. I'll reiterate that the first phase is from a little bit south of fortune to ambassador With the next phase being a little bit more complicated phase which is from the clock roundabout To wherever we stop phase one and um so but the unknown is the drainage We should be done within the next two weeks to get a gmp from the contractor. So Fingers crossed that we will be doing more than just moving dirt and you'll start seeing concrete structures From a standpoint of both projects and the drainage kind of ties into both So once we have that settled we're working on both at the same time Then when they're going to order their pipe they'll be working at both simultaneously So um and then on the last council meeting we weren't quite sure We had submitted a revised cost estimate to the state on the LWI Anselam Coolee project of the detention project and Last Friday We received we didn't know whether they were going to accept the price or not and then all of a sudden the cooperative endeavor agreement appears So they are going to fund 5.7 million dollars for that Anselm Coolee regional detention So as I mentioned to the mayor on the round one all of the other To my knowledge Lafayette projects Have um all been they've either withdrawn or whatever so this will be the first LWI project for Lafayette parish From that standpoint they had other funding sources for the other ones. So um It's a good a good win for the citizens of Youngsville and ports of the unacquered parts Lafayette parish Um and I mean those those are the highlights we have uh oh in lorivier road We need to we're submitting those plans in I'm we're going to submit to the mayor first so that he can see him before we send them to The state But it was the bridge report. We were waiting on that to be finished since they required so many more reports We do have to follow the DO2D process on LWI A road um What we've done that check that that box So if you guys have any other questions from anything that might have been in the report or any other projects Oh 2022 roadway So 2021 we rolled right into 2022 We are in uh we are on crest circle in the wood crest subdivision That's a total reconstruction that we're having to do there. So not quite um the hundred oak strives But um it's it's had it's it's challenges as well You will see in the next couple of weeks the contractor when they're done there They're going to move to marto road But there will also have a crew doing patching and overlay in field crest So that's the next place is that you're going to see them uh go from here on the 2022 roadway So I feel like uh after after seeing so many of these road projects happen Every here like a surge and that says like if we open it up. I don't know what we're going to find You know like exploratory surgery while so many things like mattes neighborhood hundred oaks Crest circle This one was very similar to councilman rural maro sub division with some of the things that we have encountered No, no, no, I'm saying I'm saying remember when we found thing we like Chees things like that. Yeah, so we did um, you know, we expected it on hundred oaks drive Um, I never in a million years what I've expected it on some of the other sub division. So um you know You want to fix it and then when you open it up you realize exactly why we've had to patch for so many years So hopefully we're not going to be back there at a long time. So we thank you for everybody's patience I know we get in there and we think it's going to be a weaker two Depending on weather and everything else, but then If we hit something or if we find something We go ahead and we do whatever needs to be fixed to to get it done right So it might be there a little bit longer But the whole idea is that we won't want to be back In another couple of years. So um, bear with us. We like the weather. So the more You're going to see um with the weather and councilman rural maro. I do owe you something The downside is um when the weather is good We're full of construction management issues when the weather's rainy That's when I'm sitting on my desk more So I haven't forgotten about you. I'll get you that information. I'm compiling it so that you have the information I do have one question because I've had it come up. So with 89 do you already have the idea of the phases? It's going to roll in yes, sir. Oh you do. Yes, sir. Uh well what we're going to do is we have a phase one of phase two But when we're going to issue a phase one, it's the complete road It's the drainage the water the sewer. Well, we have water and sewer for fortune I'm sorry. We don't have and the roundabout But when we're going to give them we're going to give them everything to move forward because the typical section has already been determined on phase one Highway 89 the typical section and the layout has already we already have that for um the roundabout and fortune road extension so um Is phase one and two separate from the roundabout project us in? Yes, sir Yes, so we have two phases and part of why we phased uh highway 89 is based upon your capital outlay funding you are going to get more But we as soon as you get a gmp From a contractor you can't add more capital outlay money. So If you were to get the capital outlay money after the gmp if you did the whole thing and it exceeded what you had You wouldn't be able to use it So what we did is we phased it to what you have right now so that when your priority five money becomes priority one That goes into the phase two and it doesn't stop us from getting the contractor to start We we are so in the event that there's we did promise the business owners in the second phase correct new news Pam alluded to it but between fortune road and This intersection it is going to be a little bit more there's more movie pieces. There's more access management concerns We have to address So when as soon as we deliver the plans for the first phase correct in agreement on a guarantee maximum price for the the first phase I think then will be a good time for us to take the The various iterations that we that we've discussed correct to you guys and then also to invite those business owners to first look at to see How it impacts them because in some cases there's some judgment some decisions that we're making But we certainly want to get Buy in from the stakeholders that are that are that have businesses along that route correct fortune Beyond where the roundabouts being constructed to largely ambassador. I mean, it's pretty much wide open You know, so she's able to do a you know pamphains able to do a little bit of an easier design So if churning patterns of movements can be on the On whoever comes to develop To figure out through traffic impact analyses at the time So it's a little bit easier to design correct Yeah, and the phase two that we're talking about we want to make sure that we know what the Cummings and goings of each business is so that we can accommodate You know deliveries Not only during construction, but after so making sure we know exactly how they operate so We can make sure that any turn lanes or any Thing that we do can accommodate those so it makes a little bit more complicated and we didn't want to slow down the progress Because of course the progress of the project also leads to Showing your readiness for your priority one funding So not only were you taking everybody into account or taking into into account what we need to do in order to Maximize your capital outlay money and being able to show the progress that you need Yes, so what what what the public will see what we'll see I mean dirt dirt's all being moved that's dirt not only for the roundabout in the row But it's also dirt. It's going to backfill in the the ditches for the entire project So we're stocking it on our on our property and drainage, you know the clothe the ditches, you know being Transition to curb and gutter So that when you get to like Lajara and Debell near heart to farm there's trees that need to come out there So that'll be that'll take place so the dirt moving Trees removed and then drainage progress That'll be probably you know sequence that we'll be able to see there Right and for a full clarification the dirt that's there please don't mistake that And I'm saying this for also for those people who are watching that is not the height of the road So don't want anybody to think that we're building the road to that height that is just to maximize How much because we have a lot of dirt that we need and you have a lot of dirt So best practices to be able to utilize that is that we do have to work it and as they're working it They're working it to keep it dry so that it is good to you know be used later So we did I did get a couple of phone calls of people thinking that it we were processed and the dirt That was going to be the elevation of the road, but no, you know no worries That's just our stock powder The ampieth yes the amphitheater I promise a promise Chris dax all of you They are going to be higher than anything that I'm going to be designing at that round Is that the dog park second yes South was there any of it on that at all? I don't know it's one but only I do not receive a response I do not is there anything the residents can do that we can can help try to push that along because the I feel like it's deteriorates more by the day Um, I'm just thinking when the construction happens for the roundabout reconstruction if it's still not done by then it's just kind of it's just gonna point around even worse I would assume if you want from a standpoint of resident rather than them calling DOTD it may be to contact their Their state representative who it Contact DOTD rights among Yeah, I don't think the letter that I shared with the with the council members that we sent to the DOTD administrator I don't believe I shared that with our legislators So maybe I'll do that just as FYI And and I I believe the I believe Administrator Duffy will be responsive to us. I think it's just a And it's also something and in letting our state legislators know because there are Mean again, they want projects for roadway and everything else and there's other funding source So maybe if DOTD doesn't have it maybe DOTD can either if they don't have it through one of their federal highway programs or their normal Mount They too can request capital outlay in order to do it as well So it may be to put it on their radar that they that they asked for capital outlay And if then you have enough state representatives that know Then that's how you push it to become a priority one. So I think in their normal state funding That that's you know that fund is the fund that we've discussed with them before that they don't have a whole lot of so um But they need the help of state legislators to put that as a priority one in order to fund it and and I think that's very doable Yeah, I'll send I'll share that letter with them. So I'll keep you guys updated as we hear and I'm sure mr. Landry's listening to Another comment about the but the 2022 road projects. I mean we are internally working with the contract to decide with where to go next um Pam's comment about south about La Riviera Road is really it's south La Riviera road. Yeah, so south La Riviera Road has a has a grant That we were successful years in the making to apply for we've received that young's will citizens are paying 25% I believe that's correct. Well 25% have and then half of that would be young still half of that shared with laughing and solid government correct and then So that that project is going to coincide well with the completion of the LaSalle drainage project because what you're having South La Riviera road will be widened and raised So at the flash in red light the Coolie crossing of LaSalle there will the days of it being underwater are numbered So once this gets to to construction north La Riviera is it is a young's will city road from Young Street to Griffin Road uh, that is part of the 2022 project um, but we're hauling a lot of dirt through that route from south La Riviera's LaSalle project North to the uh property adjacent the stable palm for the fortune road extension So we're letting the the way to those heavy trucks get through and then that road will be reconstructed as well So in case you get an increase about that um, I think the last thing that that um Pam's team's working on it. I have it on neoshapers report, but the Valesco crossing extension We're just exploring different possibilities of what's what's the best Path the what's the easiest most efficient route to get that road constructed And it may be part of the 2022 project once we get a rough OPC on it correct No yet, but that that stub out from sugar ridge to Shimon Metery, I think is a critical path One critical path really minimized the inconvenience when the Tracked around about reconstructed for a lot of to make that project wider So to be able to route traffic from sugar ridge north to sugar to shimon Metery as opposed to going out on geod So I'm assuming with the name you'll acquired all the rights and everything to the property For Valesco plus we are we're waiting on a final plot There's two landowners that we've agreed verbally to acquire the property with We're waiting for an updated plot and waits ready with We'll be To go with then Yeah Yes, I have verbal agreements on it. So So ideally we'll be able to This project we may be able to somehow, I don't know we don't know how we'll prioritize it yet I think it'll be dependent on the time you know In part the Tracked around about reconstruction those plans by the way All right 60% complete our team reviewed them this week with the representatives of Nilshafer So 60% plans looks like they'll hopefully will be minimal right away there Not as much utility realignment there, but that for the public that's the intersection of shimon Metery In geod row near gofresh That roundabout is still constructed in asphalt. We've not reconstructed that part of shimon Metery We stopped at the limits of this intersection So this will be expanding that to have two circulating lanes North and south if my memory serves me right to move the traffic from South geod through the inner in interchange So that project it's a 60% design The other one the other big item is The veterans roundabout in the east Milton project Those plans are at 90% complete Um, and there's a lot of utilities that are being coordinated there because that interchange Has has it's a confluence of like interj slumco every everything goes through that interchange So we're working on how to Most efficiently get those out the way that will be the critical path of that project So i mean we could have the plans done already, but there's no sense of finish in the plans until we know that the utilities We have a better understanding about where they're going to have to be placed So from a logistics standpoint, i mean we're really Yeah, i think it all fall into place right i mean because everything's not ready to construct today anyway Yeah, you need you would need this I mean it would be a credit the the crossing would be a critical path in my opinion in order to make the roundabout as smooth as possible Especially with morning school traffic businesses and everything else yes Yes, man signage on uh 92 By the school that's covered up. Yeah, good great question because out for for days I was scratching my head about i didn't want to ask anybody, but i believe that that's the uh This we have a sidewalk project that we applied for in 2015 For safe routes of school from field crest to earn a scullet elementary It's before that it was under Wilson's administration It was it It was before it was designed before that So uh it's worth the man And Clint went to the pre-construction meeting for that project and of course it uh there is some conflict With the East Milton widening project because we're widening East Milton Uh basically it starts to taper probably around like a riley's ish like that area field crest So there is some conflict with this brand new sidewalk design from 10 years ago and our new design of the road widening um I was so excited that we were getting a sidewalk 10 years ago. I said don't stop it So anyway, I think that's what the signs are for Yeah Just wondering they will come Yeah, patience pays off It makes the detention pond seem quick Yeah So yeah, no, that's a great question. We want to street lights uh Councilman Ramara had asked us to look into adding some street lights to the Schimmemeterie park A Schimmemeterie road near Laurel Grove So those have those have been done with the cooperation of slimco at the request of councilman Ramara We've taken it a step further and we've added lights to East Milton avenue from roughly wind and me air to um Fans on the cooling and then we're taking it a step further and we've asked interjeede to also look at Iberia street from sugar mill ponds a city hall as well as East Milton avenue from Like around Ernest, Galle Taco Bell like that retail area there so Any other questions? All right, thank you Pam Sarah Welcome Sarah. Sarah is an engineer with Delmingon, Zaba and they're doing a lot of water sewer projects as well as just completing the street school so welcome Good evening um I'll start off with the wastewater treatment plant upgrade um We're working on the permitting from from DQ and the health department and we're awaiting the water sector Program rate study that's common amongst a few of our projects um For the pump station four upgrade we're completing the design and permitting of the project and also awaiting the water sector program rate study uh the downtown street scape The contractor is completing the punchless items for that project um Just some drainage lighting and some signage And then the new water treatment plant elevator storage tank and waterline interconnections The contractor will be performing the pump test for new water well number nine After which the pump and motor can be ordered We estimate construction completion in three to five months depending on equipment delivery The plans for the new water treatment plant have been received by uh have received LDH, Fire Marshall and City permitting And we're working on the outfall um permitting and awaiting the rate study that the Water sector program must perform Plants for the elevated storage tank to be constructed at the at the city's property at 440 day-tonne road and waterline interconnections throughout the city are complete and we are addressing LDH comments for permitting All right any any questions about any of the domains that those projects No, I think uh I mean the water and sewer upgrades are going through a lot of a lot of checks and balances because of the funding sources that we're receiving but uh I think I mean It's just part of the process. Yeah and the The rate studies holding up a good bit of projects We're just waiting for them to assign a firm to to do the rate study. Yeah, so what it is is the department of health has to has to Uh initiate a rate study. I guess to make sure that our rates are deserving of Receiving there like that we're charging adequate rate. We believe we are we set our rates To get this program, but I think it's just a validation. That's another checkbox. That has to be it has to be done. So All right. Thank you. Sorry. Appreciate the update Um Okay I just have a couple of dates uh mayor on the two projects the dog park and veterans Park dog park we should be seeing fencing in the next couple of weeks on the perimeter It's kind of keep everybody out and that type stuff uh the veterans park we have uh The inflow pipes to set uh the other two structures have been set so the drainage components just but finished Um, so we should start Being able to get a contract is in for the concrete park sidewalks and that So it's it's all coming together But we appreciate now those are going to be great great projects um, so It's it's great. I don't I don't want to take councilman stands raised Thunder, but I know that they're working with the veterans aligns to to to move a brick campaign forward there um Just one comment about parks and drainage and how they're how they're merging together Now that the fortune road Project is is nearing completion as far as excavation Our office is getting some inquiries about how that will be used as a park and what's the future of it It's right next to fortune hills neighborhood We've discussed it internally, you know that it would just be a passive green space Park, you know open to the community passive green space park. What does that mean? It's kind of a 12-foot 12-foot asphalt trail Access road as really what I should call it because that's what it was that's how it's being funded through the federal government and access road But it can be used as a walking exercise trail around the 18 acre site But any Permitted decision we're just trying to get through the drainage component today The excavations largely complete the outfall structures have to be installed to take the water off the off-value park or do But what I what I'll do in a future meeting it could be as early as next month You know, maybe not but sometime I would think over the summer will come back to you with Tim's coordination And actually maybe share a little bit more vision about that site And I want your input on it as well. I mean what we've talked about from the earliest stages is that it's a passive recreation element It's only going to be open daylight hours I think it'll be complimentary to the neighborhood next to it We're going to be using two stuff out streets to access that development. I mean we want to be good neighbors We think that it'll be it'll be complimentary Then next to a field that was not being you know maintained to a residential standard once parks and wrecks starts doing the maintenance out there So that project does have a small parking area. I think it's about seven or eight cars asphalt You know with a asphalt track around the whole thing There's a wooded area on the east side of bayou park for do that we didn't touch So I think it does pose a lot of great opportunities for passive recreation green space almost like a a Like a I'm gonna call like a regional. It's not not gonna be like sports complex, but a small like neighborhood style pocket park If you live on that side of town, it may be easier to go walk there Then it will be to go all the way to the sports complex So before we get to making any you know final decisions by the recreational component We'll come back and address that with the council to make sure that the visions shared with what your constituents are constituents want to see So all right. Thank you. Appreciate it Chief anything you want to report We've been working a lot of minor thefts bicycles left in the front yard uh Stuff taken off of vehicles that were not attached properly What I'll ask you to do is talk to you kids keep the bikes inside uh If you don't have the serial number on the bike, it's impossible for us to return it to the right for owners Uh That lock your cars Thank you Clan anything private development. No, you're good Oh Okay Council y'all have the private development update. There's any questions. Y'all can always reach me here clan about that There have been some concrete drainage boxes that were dropped on uh guillot outside of their backs So I guess that's an anticipation of adding those turning lanes and movements. No, along with the their for haven't based three Their traffic and back analysis you trip that they needed a a right turn lane into fairbacks and uh in a left turn lane as well So um that's the uh the staking in the boxes that you see there They're gonna be piping in part of the uh the roadside drainage on the uh on the western side of guillot and An adding two turn lanes and the fairbacks So I think that's gonna be a great project to move help move traffic, you know You know a long guillot so thank you, Clint um the shumhai Oh, I don't have too much, but I do want to uh Congratulate Clint waffle house put up their signage today and it's in compliance You sound surprised Yeah, I did a lot of back and forth But we're gonna welcome them. I assume pretty soon as well as uh the villager put up their sign and so didn't end This so we looking forward to all these new additions In young's field man, I did want to ask a question. I have not noticed. I know When I was with the city leader would come left yet economic development authority We'd come and they come to all our meetings and give us a little small update since I've been here and I watched On while and also prior to this I have not seen had do you hear from them very often? Uh good observation Um, I will uh I'll follow up with uh with with the uh with the director there Um, they they are accessible when I when I've requested um, but I I agree I would like to The way it was in the past Uh, you're right. I have not seen and we have Mandy Mitru now who's a wonderful uh director She's really a good person, but um, yeah, I think we need them to at least come I'm not saying every month But at least give us some updates. I don't know it just for the knowledge of the people in the audience and the people watching Young'sville will then entire powers should laugh yet pays a property tax to laugh yet economic development authority So we all pay into it So I think all the they should represent all the municipalities as well as laugh yet equally That's my message. Yes, ma'am. It's it's it's noted. I mean myself a note our office will follow will follow up on that It is worth noting. I think I mean just that um Count the leader is governed by board of directors that appoints a director in council and stands very was our pointy Uh until I believe it was roughly about August last year. So I was disappointed that uh that leader apparently there's a provision in their bylaws that says That he if you're elected you can't serve on the board. I was disappointed simply because he can serve Not as not as our appointment, but as the appointment of the area mayors So that position has been vacant um Simone, I think Had you not been elected. I'm glad you're here. I think you would have been an excellent appointee To uh to take We got what is seen in place But I will share I will share with you that um our appointment is on the next agenda for the mayors To um to make that decision and I'm proud to have nominated Pam To serve Pam yeah, so what she didn't get it she didn't get elected. Oh, I made that hard to do. I feel I feel confident I mean Pam as y'all knows is owns two businesses not only her engineering firm Michelle so Herner husband oh make Grande i studio And I think just brings a great wealth of experience. I think we'd add a great layer of diversity to the existing leader board There's a lot of you know background and finance and you know that I don't remember that at lawyers lawyers finance, but um, I think Pam's you know wisdom With would help in that so that meetings later this month so next month I'll probably give you an update hopefully on how that went so thank you mayor. All right. Thank you Pam Mrs. Dan's well, I will say I think Pam is an excellent choice and I hope I did text Mandy so hopefully This this goes through really quickly and we can get moving with our appointment Um, I get to talk about another campaign Okay I know I'm not So we will be having a break campaign as mayor was alluding to so Terry has been very important to this project as well for the veterans park It's um the a cateen veteran alliance as well as the vfw is going to be a little partnership And cateen a veteran alliance they're going to do a lot of the heavy lifting but the proceeds Will also benefit the vfw 92 10 so we're going to keep the money local The um Still we're working on um Working with bricks are us That's who the historic society is so we're we'll have more information soon It's going to be linked to the city's web page And then also a b a Will be pushing it out so we're looking forward for that the the cost if you when we did the research is between $102 hundred dollars for veterans to be able to honor their significant ones that I mean for a brick campaign So we wanted to get that barrier down So we're looking right now between 50 and 65 dollars And I want to say the last I heard was around 4000 potential bricks So we'll need everyone to spread the word and get that out there One last thing uh the rotary club of young school So we've been raising money. We did some stuff at foster park which was it was great. That was a big mission of ours Now we're kind of turning back into the community and we want to be able to help other 501c3s other non-profits So if you know someone i mean most 501c non-profits they do you need funds so if you know someone please have them reach out They can reach out to myself or they can go to our The rotary club of young skills facebook page and send a message We have community grants. We've received about three applications and They need to be in by the end of this month and then starting in April will start cutting checks So that's what we want to do. We want to support the community and Give them back and help another With their missions Thank you Thanks very interesting Yeah, I'm gonna pivot off of the rotary club stuff We are we have a scholarship fund. We're giving out two $1,000 scholarships Two $500 scholarships for high school seniors Applications are at southside ascension orca So if you know any high school seniors at all and some people do The application process is very simplified. It's i think it's a two-page app You have till the 15th of April, but uh, you know, we really want to recognize those hard work in seniors and Even the parents the work that they put in uh, like council and sanza said the rotary club of youngs will done a great job raising funds and we have let's say a plethora of Money we're trying to Distribute out and i think to the kids is just as important as the young ones at older kids and everything um The second thing and you can find application on the rotary page Uh, the second thing i wanted to talk about part compliment. I don't know if it's going to be pampered Clint but i really appreciate y'all taking Suggestions and running with them and the mayor working with the city of bursard on that west fairfield connection to fortune I don't know if you are aware someone ended up in somebody's back patio Went through their fence on west fairfield Ended up in the back patio and uh, it was removed and everything i think the fences Makeshift back up but uh I think it was a good move that uh Yeah, someone forgot that you had to turn into sable palms. They thought they could keep going down west fairfield So uh That's good that they moved that i think uh, you know safety standpoint and everything uh in the last thing uh I just want to reiterate with the mayor said about you running I'm gonna say congratulations on running I'm gonna say best of luck. You have my full support my family support uh I feel like he made his really old saying over a hundred meetings That kind of take me off a little bit, but i'm gonna you know chief you can probably but uh Wow, it's been a journey. I know you're not going yet, but uh you got a you know good road ahead of you and Uh, I can't think of anything anybody better to run for it. You do a great job behind the scenes of bridging gaps building you know the connection between people You've done that with three councils And uh you've done that in the community. So i think you're gonna we need that like the mayor said we need Someone who's sensible someone who connects with the public and someone who's there for the public not for themselves That has been the problem at a lot of our parachute level So good luck and i appreciate it. Thank you, man. Yep I mean i'm gonna have to do the math because i I used to i was taken pride that we would conduct all the business of the city one night a month and uh So that's only 12 Yeah, but i know and some of we had a lot of meetings in the earlier earlier years Yeah, I was counting the hours though because the hours once we had double That's true. That's true uh and there has been one in in just full disclosure I want to i do want to share that there has been a slate or maybe not slight but there has been a tweak To the Fortune alignment that i have not shared because it has just come up this last month As y'all saw our our preferred route was tugging our northern property line For the extent of the property until we met brusard We had been pretty far so we're coming you know straight like this Where brusard was you know coming well they They've asked us to make some changes Um To basically get us a little bit closer to where they don't have to So it's definitely not on the backyard like it was We wanted to go all the way to the end. They've asked us to come a little bit in so the um The more difficult design is on our part Um, I think we're up to the challenge. I was just uh, we were a little bit further in the plans than they were as we are doing the project today But at any rate so we'll get you the new copy of it Just so you can share it's um Um, I think to most eyes it would probably be minor because we were doing two lanes with the median And then you know they they this is how you're meeting us but they ask us is the kind of you know taper it So i'll share it just so Because as we're having conversations with residents you know and say well palms I did not know what you're what you just described All right Um, Mr. Voljana Yep Didn't think a hettle hole out but I guess I do um Teever vets at the parish fire association meeting tonight Uh, so sorry couldn't make it Uh on the screen. This is the new ladder of 63 that we just took ownership of Uh, this is kind of a cool display at night of how it'll look up when it's set up Um, it'll go on service in the next few weeks. It's uh, we're taking a lot of pride in this uh, the truck gets replacing it's two decades old So the um pierced manufacturing will be coming to do in a in service training on it Believe next Wednesday. I want to say Uh, because obviously technology has increased substantially in two decades um Next thing is guns at hoses. Please come out. It's a good way also way to meet your first responders locally other than uh, national national not out um We've had a phenomenal attendance the last two two years has been great. So looking forward to seeing everybody there um The parish pro clean up we had the saturday after the mardi grperade was a phenomenal turnout Philicate grows every year. I was proud to see a lot of our students from our schools and civic organizations there Uh, in residence as well Brothers long-haired services a phenomenal job of picking up after mardi grol so While we still have things to pick up it was very minimal, which is really great to see um Next uh, parish fire protection we passed the resolution last uh last meeting Uh, trying to bring civil awareness our parish council Was very disappointing to hear that only one of our parish council members replied to the email Uh, and that was Kevin Nakam uh for own district being Josh Carlson's extremely disappointing. We still have a hurt a single thing from him Uh, and the funding still lacks From parish. We haven't received the check from them since last august So if you live in the parish or in the city of time to speak up and time to bring some awareness to that Um, and lastly, I want to send our deepest condolences Uh, thoughts and prayers to sentient high school uh, the students the uh the parents I never buy the new coach ceilie. Oh, we're sorry to see her that she's passed away Um, and we hate to lose someone apart by community so thoughts and prayers to them Thank you councilmember. Full of shine on miss raya Yes, so uh april 15 crew love you do will be hosting the garripe Williams um memorial cookoff. It's gonna be jambalaya pasta laia Um, that's gonna be held at the sports complex April 15th, which is Opening day for baseball, softball, t-ball, all the funds Jeff um, so we hope to see you know everybody out there um, and it is in memory of uh council member of garripe Williams So it's gonna be a little bit exciting to raise some money and get back to the our charity that we're gonna be um picking this year um, just uh best of luck to jake of landry and of course Can we're super excited for you both um and can I think you're gonna do a fantastic job you have my support. Yeah, my family support which all three of my children can vote now three more baby So you definitely have support and um, I think you'll be a great great fit for For Latvia and I'm excited to see how you do and your journey leading to that So I'm here if you need anything Jodie oh she left but you should need to tell it or call me Kale as a as a new person in politics Years ago. I was told never unjust to make the voting block of the minored family. That's right. So I We are huge. I just I just learned that it increased by three. We just increased by three Yeah, don't know all of them Come out of the woodworks. Yes, anything else. Miss Reya. That's it. All right. Thank you any other business All right, uh, there are motions. I'm sorry. All right. All in favor All right. Thank you for the honor and privilege of serving y'all have a great night. Thank you so much