to build something that would bring inhabitants to the city for a transient amount of time. My question to the city council and everyone in here is the only intention of downtown Young's Bell and Old Roy Bell to be now a suburb of a suburb. Or do you want actual development? Like he showed you a picture in Nacadish that you can walk the streets and you can have individuals that are around it who can share the city and utilize it with its inhabitants. Because downtown is intended to be walked. That's what downtown's are for. To be walked. They're not to be driven on. They're not to have cars. They're to be walkable areas. In the current landscape that exists right now, that's what's proposed. I have over $150,000 in infrastructure that's missing from there. And I went to the city and I got funding that would help with everything around it. But whatever's on that interior is from 1920. Everything that's on the inside has to be developed by that particular development. Water, sewage, a landscape that would include our attention pond for a half an acre. I mean, I think those things that that's the dialogue that I was hoping to hear here is do the people that are here tonight and the people in that particular location want to see commercial development. And that's my question. Well, I think one thing that's worth pointing out, I mean, this corner property was for sale over a year, over a year, probably, at least. At least. And I think I'm being conservative by saying over a year, I mean, which is my point about there's not been a new home constructed in this area. I'd love to see it. I'd love to see it. But that you, Ms. Loney, you bought the house looking to the right. Didn't you? I mean, looking at the property, didn't you buy the house to the right as well? The freezons. That's just a friend of a friend. So that property is now being utilized as an Airbnb was renovated and was unable to be sold. So now it sits as a transient housing, like he explained, that hopefully we'll turn over for that particular developer who is a house flipper. His intention was never to build something commercial. Now, I have hesitancy because I'm not seeing anything in the interior. The village, as she described, where you see growth that is going to attract people to come to a hotel outside of the Youngsville Sports Complex. And the banks also see that, which gives me an occupancy of Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. But their hesitancy is related through Sunday, through Thursday. And they're pushing back on a 70%, 70% occupancy on 12 units. Now, there's a feasibility study that Youngsville paid for that says we can hold 35 units. I mean, I've yet to see, you know, through my time driving around during the week knowing owners of individual