much higher standard you elected us to sit up here and to be in the community and be your leadership and if we can't hold ourselves and if the mayor and the chief can't hold their staffs accountable then there's trouble that is what this is about this isn't about one incident this is about what we are hearing the concerns whether they're whispers whether they're serious whether it's factual that is what we intend to find out thank you again for being here tonight thank you so much thank you i ask you to those that have my number and there's not a select few my number is I put that out there everywhere. And if you don't have my number, my number is 337-278-7959. If you call, I'll respond. Whether it be an emergency situation, advice, or if you need any kind of help, I will respond. I always have, I always will. If I don't answer your call when it comes, give me five minutes, because it's probably because I'm on the phone with someone else, and I will immediately call you back. There are times where I get busy, and I may not be afforded. The opportunity to call you back, but a lot of times I like to scan through my stuff a second time and be able to reach out to those. I did not go there that night, and I understand it could have been handled better. I did not go there that night to put in the influence. A friend left my house, a friend got an accident, and a friend called for help. I responded for that call for help. I think you can find anyone that has my number that has ever called me where I have not responded. Probably to my bad, I respond to a lot of things that I shouldn't, a lot of things that I shouldn't, but I prided myself on being reachable, accessible, and always being there when somebody needs help at any time day or night. My job does not stop when I walk out that office. My job goes 24 hours a day, seven days a week. There was no alcohol that night. There was nothing else that night. She spent maybe a total of 10 minutes at my house, maybe 15, I didn't really look at the watch. I never thought I would have to look at that watch. I had no idea she was gonna get into an accident. I had my family and my three dogs in the car. She could think I was gone there to give special favors. No, I was going to find something to eat. I don't get many chances to eat. I ask anybody that feels they can do this job better or they can do it as good. I'm not saying I'm the best, and every day I learn something new, not only about myself, but about law enforcement on through. I learn every