got to the contractor today and we're going to get a price. They're wrapping it up to give us a price next week for Highway 89. And then for for chin road, we gave them 90% plans. We already had a 60% GMP. Now we're getting the 90% GMP. And now that they have voted on Capitol Outlay and we know what our phase one funding is. We're waiting on that 90% to see what items would have to be taken out to go to phase two. But it is 90% designed. So it's just a matter of saying these quantities and this part's not included. We did get our letter of no objection from enterprise in order to be able. That was our last remaining utility issue associated with fortune. And we did receive that last week. We are in pretty good shape with enterprise and shell on the highway 89. And we've also worked with enterprise on the Valesco crossing because they own that crossing as well. But they're working very well with us. And I think that's it for the projects that we have. All right. Thank you, Pam. Thanks. Did you have anything about you wanted to share with the councilor? Yeah, I can give up. On the young sports complex edition. Just want to give an update. We are. Pretty much complete with all the sewer line work that needs to be done in the site. We are about 90% complete with all the water. We will we started working on a waterline offset at the taunt road so we can put our last remaining drain pipe. And we'll be finished with drainage with exception just capping off the tops. I guess the point in all that is a lot of people have acts, you know, what's going on. They see a lot of work out there, but we're now finally finishing everything on the ground. So we are the contract is prepping up with a lot of concrete work in the next two months before Christmas. They actually what people can't see is that the whole concession building structure, all the concrete is done there. All the electrical plumbing is all there. We can't see it from the road, but that's all done. So they will start putting irrigation. They started yesterday and the sawed a lot of people may have noticed they had grass on the berm. Not it's all been removed. We actually built the berm a foot higher on purpose to let the last couple of months of just rain, all the erosion come out. Now they're ready. They strip the grass off. They're putting the irrigation. So we're going to irrigate those berms so that they're constantly watered after kids run all over them and just keep the grass vibrant on those berms. The parking lot, you can see the parking lot and all the curbing and the parking lot's done. They start they're going to be cutting saw seam