guys has been so good. We want to write stories about something. What we write about the good stuff he's done. And poor Kaelin, she made a mistake. No, no, it was make mistakes. Do it? Have any of you guys ever made a mistake? Did you did something that you regret? I think we all have shame on that. We don't need to investigate. Miss Homme, would you like to address the Council? I never do this, but we're not talking about what Miss Reo or Mr. Boudreau has done for this city. I've never had a problem with either one of them. I think he's great, but we're not talking about that. We're talking about this situation where she was pulled over and she's clearly in my opinion, and the majority opinion intoxicated. She's drunk. Yes, no, possibly she was. And for her to be able to not get out of her car and give this lady respect that she hit her car, if I hit somebody, I'm getting out. Now I'm saying, oh my god, I'm so sorry. She did not get out of the car and said she calls the chief. Okay, I don't have the chief on speed dial. I've gotten a $300 ticket before for not and not even causing $20,000 worth of damage. We're not talking about the big picture. We're talking about what is going on behind the scenes. We just found out about this and happened in November. You know, like we have a victim here and we're so worried about what all the great things they've done. Great. I'm proud of them. They have to be held accountable. You know, and I'm sorry, you didn't tell his people how to handle it, but I'm sure like let me introduce you to Miss Reo. Like we're kind of hinting, it's my people, you know, let's, let's cover it up. I don't want to have the same respect. If that's going to be how, you know, accidents or tickets are going to be handled, I'm going to need his phone number. All right, thank you, Miss Home. John Romero. All right, since a lot of y'all, kid not hear us, I'm going to make sure. So some of y'all know me, some of y'all don't. I don't really care. My grandfather had wanted a first grocery store here in Youngstville. His name was Wallace La Blonde. Some of you guys right there played cards with Wallace. That is how I said to grocery store wherever. We used to hunt the property that we're in right now. Killing rabbits and everything else. I've watched the town come up from those days. I was a little kid. It's grown a lot with whatever. We want to continue to see it grow. We want to continue to see it policed. We want to continue to see a council. Do what it has to do to keep everyone safe. Ricky and to keep the city growing.