 I'm going to go back to the meeting. All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the young zone minutes of a complex. Today's Thursday, April 11, 2024. And we again welcome you to the regular meeting of the young zone city council. This evening I'd like to ask for our invocation to be led by Pastor Darrell Jackson from first assembly young. I wanted to ask you to come out here in the center of this evening of having the young zone city cap scout pack 457 here this evening doing a lot of great work in the community. So if you remain standing they're going to come forward and lead us in the the pledge of allegiance to this evening. So Pastor Jackson, sir, the floor is yours. If you're about your for today. We thank you for this council meeting today. Would you lead us in guidance with wisdom, with understanding as items today are discussed. Bless this community, Lord. Continue to shine and light upon it. May there be more faith, more hope, and more love. May this community continue to be a beacon of light to the surrounding communities. We thank you for today. Bless our time together. This we pray in Jesus mighty name. Amen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Welcome. Yeah. Y'all are welcome to take this whole space here. If you'd like. Yeah. The flights to your right. Yeah. Oh, I was. Uprosted. Okay. Absolutely. One nation under our own, the individual liberty. Justice for all. Two. Great job. Great job. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. This would be perfect, maybe. We'll keep them in the front and we'll just stand behind. That's a good idea. So any human specialist can act with me. Yeah, it's all in me too. How about that? Thank you. Everybody fall in the back. Everybody short in the front. Yeah. Hey, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. I can't see this kid right here. Thanks. Are you ready? One, two, three. Everybody look here. Thank you. I didn't introduce Kevin Broussard. Who leads the Cubscaught Youngsville resident. And just sincerely appreciate all the hard work that our Cubscaught true puts in different initiatives we have throughout the community. The community they're always quick to volunteer and quick to show up, helped with the food drive recently at the Youngsville pantry. And we couldn't be more proud to have them as a young future leaders in the community. So to the scouts and to your parents, thank you so much for being here and for leading us this evening. And that we look forward to your continued work in the community. So thank you so much. All right, Madam Clerk, would you please call the roll. Ms. Barras, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, Ms. Cree, Ms. Champagne. All right, thank you, Nicole. I just wanted to say a few things. A gin item 3.1. I decided to table this at the last meeting just because I knew that we were going to be having a broader discussion tonight about Marty Grawp. But we did have a one of first acknowledge our judge. Everybody knows church point has a great unique Marty Graw celebration, what we were honored to have. And we were honored to have a great time with the young Spanky Mayor, Mayor Mesh, Ryan Mesh of church point and his wife and his friend of his as our judges for Marty Grawp. And then they submitted to us three. There was three categories. First one was the most original float was the awesome eight. The prettiest float was Monica Meyer State Farm Agent. And the most spirited float was crew day, Bon Tom. So I want to congratulate all of them. I don't know if any of them are here this evening. Oh, okay. Who are y'all with? Crew of Bon Tom. Well, come on up. We have a certificate for you and appreciate y'all. Let's say crew to Bon Tom was the most spirited float. And we certainly welcome your feedback too. So I hope that you'll, this is on behalf of our team. And yeah, you want to do you want to stay there? You want to go around? You can walk in the come around if you want. Yeah. Come on up. Is that just one person? Everybody else? All right. Are you with the crew too? All right. Ready? One, two, three. Thank you. Congratulations. Thank you. You know. Oh, Monica, of course. There we go. We were with, we heard from Monica Tuesday night at our chamber banquet. So, let's see. Did you ride with her? I can't be a customer. That's right. Okay. Oh, that's a good theme. Right? So. Let's see. So no, that was the prettiest float. Okay. All right. I was making sure I wasn't the most spirited because I would explain why. So prettiest float. All right. You want to come around again as well? I'm sure you're going to be able to come around again. Thank you. We were so proud to have Monica and her team in the parade. So. You got it. One, two, three. Awesome. Thank you. Congratulations. Thank you so much. All right. And then we'll hold on to the awesome age for the most original float. And they did know they were winning. We did share that with them already. So. All right. So we'll move on to a gin item 3.2. Mr. Charles Schwammis here tonight to discuss the crew day at KDN and crew lobby. Do. Then they are announcing a new cookoff that they're having this weekend. So Charles, welcome to. I have a great show. I'm sure you're going to be able to come around again. I'll be. Thank you. I'm sure you're going to be able to come around again tonight. I have a great show. Bench. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. I've seen it online. I just wanted to show you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So first off, thank you so much for allowing me to speak and present this to you. We partnered up with crew lobby. Do this year. We wanted to do something a little different, a little unique. And that was two things. So one partying up with two more of our crews that hasn't been done before. In addition to that, what we did, it's, you know, a hamburger cookoff. We have a lot of cookoffs and we have a lot of great food over here. And we always hear, you know, who's got the good burger? Who's got the good burger? So I said, hey, we'll try to figure it out. So that's that was the idea behind everything. So we've got a great, great lineup. We have about 20 different teams coming. We have some musicians coming. Obviously, we have, it's a family event. So we're going to have kids corner games, face painting. Excuse me. I'm petting zoo. I'm going to say pet cemetery. So yeah. But so we have a lot of things for the kids to do. Out of vendors. We're going to have Mr. Chris Loden from Planner Radio, one of six point seven. Mr. Weatherall videoing everything for us. TV3 is going to be out over there filming everything for us as well. So it's going to be a fun event. And we're hoping to grow on it, kind of expand on it, maybe even make it into a festival. But it'd be something fun, something new. And we're really looking forward to having the sound here. So any questions or anything? Could provide clarification for you guys? Well, Charles, we appreciate y'all creating another Marty Rock crew. And we're excited to have had your crew participate in the Marty Rock parade as well. And wish you nothing but success this weekend. See you in here that you're supporting the local fire departments too. So we appreciate it. And let me clarify that. And so also we invited the fire departments. Once again, Youngsville leading the way quickly jumped on said, hey, listen, we're going to, you know, we'd love to be there. Milton also is going to come take part. Great. And research has some festivities in the morning, but hopefully they'll be able to come take part afterwards. So once again, you know, thank you for that. It's going to be great for them, you know, for us to honor our, you know, first responders fire departments. So it's a good little cost for us. Sounds like a lot of fun. So we appreciate it. Thank you. And look forward to look forward to passing by myself and saying hello. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you. All right, did you know that I'm 4.1. I'd like to open it up for any public comment on the Youngsville Marty Groupp parade. We would invite your feedback at this time. If you do have anything you'd like to share, we would invite you to come forward and give us your name. And we're all ears. Oh, sure. Yes. Let's see. Well, we have somebody's coming up. I'm going to let Mr. Romero. I just want to lead off by saying, I know we said this before and all the council agreed. It was a tumultuous time as far as changing the route. All the things you'll adapt it to new staff coming in phenomenal job. Good job, chief. Good job, Terry, your staff. I didn't hear one complaint leading up to it. And that starts with you guys. So I just wanted to make sure that was said because you'll really do a good job. Sure. All right. Thank you. I'll be right in the right. The only issue that I found this year was the two roundabouts mainly. Whenever we were making the turn, they were so close to the truck that the mirrors of the truck were almost hitting the people. So I don't know. Maybe take the barricades from Rouse's going to the sports complex and moving them to the roundabouts. Yeah. Because other than that, I mean, it was fun. It's just they're too close to the float. I mean, they can basically do this and might just touch the float. It was hard for our drivers to make the turns. The roundabout by Tads, probably in particular. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We saw that and we identified it as well. So I just want to check to see for next year. No, appreciate that. We had a meeting shortly after the parade and that was something that internally we debriefed about and made some notes about that as well. So great, great feedback. Were you a driver in the parade or did you? You just wrote, okay? Yes, sir. Well, perfect. Well, we appreciate that and thank you for participating in the parade. Every year. All right. We'll see you next year then. All right. Yes, Charles. What's again, uh, reiterating what Mr. Matt said. Under the changes that were done, I think they were done, you know, very well. Appreciate you actually putting out there. I know it was kind of sticking your neck out and then listening to everybody and then, you know, making an appropriate changes. So I didn't think it was that big of a deal. I'm happy to be involved in it. And, you know, you know, through some correspondence with yourself, you know, I didn't think it was great. That's not that it was, you know, it was really good and the route changed. It wasn't that significant enough to bother anything. Yeah, I did. I was able to send you some notes in regards to some of the concerns that we had. But overall, it was great. You know, it would be. It's always fun. You know, cutting it down. I mean, we're still able to get done in a timely fashion. My, uh, monthly suggestion would be the beginning of the lineup. You know, showing up there, you know, significantly early. Just kind of starts things maybe a little bit earlier than what you need to. Maybe we can do it the line up, you know, something to consider. I'm not complaining. Hey, Mortigross starts at 6 a.m. Right. I'm not going to start to 6 a.m. But, uh, just to maybe make it a little flow a little easier. So, but other than that, we had a great time and we're hoping to do it again next year as well. Appreciate it. So thank you so much. You have a great job. Thank you, Charles. How are you doing? My name is Mark. I brought it. As far as, you know, we still feel the old parade went through young. We feel there's new route. Basically, you've taken a parade out of young. Is the plan to maintain the path that you're on now and no longer going through old youngsville? Well, we, I think we're going to have to, of course, have some discussion. You know, we have it. The only conversations we've had thus far was really to debrief on the last parade. What worked right? Where do we feel we still had opportunity? Tonight was a critical path for us before we'd make any decisions. Moving forward, I mean, I have some comments. I'll probably make of my own, but certainly wanted to, you know, be respectful and hear everyone's feedback first. We missed the old parade. We missed it coming through old youngsville. That's all we've known. His, you know, history of having a parade through town. Yes. So we hold it in our regard. We just wanted to pass it. If you're looking for feedback. Yes. We hold it in our regard. Appreciate it. Thank you, Mr. Horn. Jason Harwick, I live on the parade route. It wasn't a big deal to walk the extra block to I be area street to enjoy the parade. But I do find it a little hypocritical that we spent all the money on the beautification of the church street and put up the signage from Mardi Gras and it didn't even go down. So that was kind of an upsetting and we see it every day. So it was kind of that's it. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate that. Hi, Misty. I'm Diana Montgomery. And I wanted to give my observation. Is that Chairman Mettery, where Van Allen is, right? I noticed on the barriers kids stand on the barriers. Well, the large trucks, the 18 lillers, as the other fellow was saying, the mirrors almost hit children in the head. And again, you know, taking the parade out of the village, I feel like people were on the sidewalks out of the street. So even with the barriers near the street on church street, people weren't in that much danger. Also concerns of the village people. You're taking away from the village. And that's what made Youngville. So just to let you know, a lot of people aren't in agreement with the new route for various reasons. And danger for the children is the main thing. It's like the road wasn't wide enough or the large roads. Right. Yeah. So that was my observation. I appreciate it. Okay. Thank you, Misty. Any other feedback about Marty Grull? Okay. Well, I'll just make a couple of comments. First, I just want to echo what my colleague said about commending our team. You know, I think that internally we made some changes from the registration process, which began with a Haley in my office, our permit manager, Kaley. I feel like it was very organized and very well run there. I think that was the prep work Terry and your team, I think was outstanding. I never recall the cleanup and the barricades being picked up as quickly as they were. Basically by the end of Sunday, by the end of Sunday, you still had some. Stored barricade stored of a by Monday, everything was picked up completely before being off from already grad day. And I never recall that happening. So thank you. Chief, look, you would have received the blame had things not going well. So I think you deserve things fair to say that you deserve the credit. You and your administrative or your command staff and every officer you had. I shared some observations and feedback from previous years to briefing. I think you understood the assignment, the outside assistance with other agencies was impressive. They were actively managing the route, they were actively patrolling the route from my observations on the parade. So I appreciated the feedback that we received was that the traffic to disseminate, or maybe not disseminate, but to get people out of the city. Appeared to be a lot smoother than some other times. So I want to thank you for that. I think the fire department, all the outside agencies, were I think really had their best foot forward. You know, relative to the parade, I think, you know, look, I love the Martigraf parade. I absolutely do. I look back to some older pictures that I had with some of my first Martigraf parades. You know, when the Martigraf parade went through my neighborhood, I would walk just to quiet meadows and copper. It's the street called copper field, and I know not copper field copper meadows boulevard. Yeah, copper meadows boulevard and quiet meadows. And you could literally do cartwheels down it. I looked at my first picture that when I was fortunate to become the mayor in 2015 in the amount of space at more of Aunts, it was, it's completely different than it is today. The question or the challenge that we really had is how do we scale that parade? I mean, let's face it. I mean, it's become very, very popular. And I think that that's a great thing. But to some, you know, to some extent, I guess it's fair to say that we're a victim of our own success there as a community. Because people want to be here. That's the Martigraf parade in the destination of choice. I would love to have the parade the way it was. I just don't know how we can really achieve it responsibly. Because even if we can limit the number of floats, which we've proven that we now can, I just don't know how we can limit the crowd size. So it's multifaceted when we fix one thing or improve one thing. It creates other opportunities that perhaps we didn't anticipate. And we realize that we, you simply can't control it. There's not a gate that we can, you know, put out and just, even if we stop vehicular traffic, there's a reason we tell people to come early Charles. And that's because we're afraid you won't be able to get here into the parade lineup. Because even if the roads were closed, I mean, I've heard reports of people walking from signs where they're having their cook off this weekend in years past. And we have some technology that our teams using now. Within the city limits of Youngsville, from cell phone signals, there were 75,000 people in town for the four hours of the Martigraf parade. It's hard, it's extremely hard to do that safe and to do it responsibly. But I certainly welcome ideas on how we can scale that. And for me, the question really wasn't unique because that's something we challenge ourselves and we figure out every day, how do we scale whatever it is we're working on. I mean, we have a water plan out to bid today that's opening May 1st. We have Pam's going to give us updates on road projects. So every single thing we do is how do we do it in scale it for, you know, the realities of today. We take a lot of pride in the heart of our city, the village. There's a reason we're here with intention at this corner. I couldn't be more proud of Father Russo and the parishioners of St. Anne's for expanding the church where they are. I'm so proud that the historic house next door is going to be part of the diocese as the rectory. The beautification project that we, you know, were fortunate to extend down the Youngsville middle. I was probably the last one out of everybody that I had in my ear that didn't want to change the route because I anticipated that there'd be some people that were upset. But in the end, I really, I knew it was the right decision. We just didn't know how to do it or how to do it, you know, with how to do it safely and responsibly. And if our, you know, first responders could have come to me and said, hey, we have it. This is our plan. This is what we're doing. But that's not the feedback or the information that I was that I was being given, you know, at the time. So plenty of look, everything that we do, we learn from it. We want to, we want to continue to improve. Continuous improvement is our mantra. And I think there are things that we can learn from. I mean, there were three things we did. We limited the number of floats because I think everyone agreed that, that, you know, when you're basically like locked in place for, you know, more than three hours, it creates gridlock and it just encourages. That, that's not beneficial to our businesses. The business owners that I talked to, the days of the after party at hooked up, a Katie and a bar and grow more vans. When I met with those owners, I was very surprised to hear what their margins were on those days because everyone is, I guess, you know, bringing their own stuff. And by the time the end of the parade comes, you're just ready to go. So our belief was if we have a shorter parade and can get traffic management, right, then you're free to move about the city a little bit quicker. And I do think that we made great strides in regards to that. The increase of the permit fees, I think was money well invested because we had to pay our first responders and we had to pay for the cleanup and it was all used for that purpose. And then the route change. Look, you know, I've lived, I moved here in 2006 and this is probably the fourth route change that's been since 2006. But in fairness to church street, the parade always went down church street. You know, we started at public works, you know, one year. It used to incorporate more of young so highway. It used to incorporate copper meadows. It used to be on fountain view. And I think the time that there was a change made, it was because of growth and how do you scale and how do you do it safely. Because if you talk to people that have been, you know, since the original, like, you know, we have the. Crew days on me, president here with us. I mean, so. So I know the historical context. I mean, we weren't dealing with, you know, 40 foot trailers, you know, back in those original days. We were dealing with a smaller group of people in vehicles, you know, I mean, it was just completely, it was a completely different experience. So I guess the challenge for us as a community is how do we preserve those traditions in a respectful manner, while still doing it safely. And I think that's the challenge. That's the challenge that we have to do every day, you know, with us and young. So I mean, there was, you know, I remember there was heated discussions about before my time about where should city hall be located. Remember it was supposed to be in Sugarmore pond at one point on donated property. I went through meetings where the church was going to be moved, you know, and time brought clarity on those decisions because we're here, you know, with because we want to be. The flags look that the flags we put up, you know, on our veterans, we do it to honor, you know, whatever the case may be. I hope we can do more. You know, when we rolled them out, I think we bought six, you know, and in Terry's team does a phenomenal job of that. So, anyway, certainly no disrespect. We changed some things with the parade because we want to be able to continue it and we want to be able to continue it in a safe manner. That was really, that was the only mode of, you know, behind it. You know, the concern about the business owners. I did talk to quite a few business owners after last year, this year. Now, granted, I didn't talk to every one of them, you know, I acknowledge that. When we did change the route, I talked to the ones that I felt would be. If you didn't hear from me before, when we were considering the route change, you heard from me immediately after. And those that were on the route, I tried my best to offer alternatives, offering them locations along the route on city property to try to make up for their lost income and so forth. So, but the feedback is certainly well intended. It doesn't have to stop today. I mean, this is, this is, this is what we do. We do work for the public and I want to continue hearing your feedback. So, but just in summary, I want to commend again, the, the, our professional law enforcement team that were, that was put in place. Thank you, Chief. Thank you. And to your entire command staff, it's all of you, Terry, Linda is captain of the fire department in your team. The, I got a lot of feedback, obviously, with the parade route change. But I will tell you the last two or three years for about the two weeks after the parade were miserable. And there's just nothing but a lot of complaints and a lot of things that people didn't like about the parade. But this year, I think, despite the adversity in the beginning, I think it is a fair statement to say that for this being a, you know, there's not a crew that runs this parade. I want to point out, which makes me so excited that we have another new, another new, more, already grow a crew. Because ultimately, I mean, I would love to get back to the days where the crews were leading the parades and kind of, you know, running them there. So, but anyway, I think there's perhaps something else that we can do. I don't know what it is. Maybe one day in the future, Christmas parade or something, you know, to where we need help to be able to do that. You know, but I think there's great opportunity for young Zoda to have a festival again with the amphitheater things that we can create the community that those of you in the village want to see. So. Good. Any other, any, any other comments about that? I mean, I don't need to have the final word on this. Please, if you have something else, I mean, I'm all ears to hear it. Okay. All right. Thank you, ma'am. All right. Well, there's no other. Yes, chief. I just wanted to say thank you for the words. Also, given some numbers, I ran through myself. I was in the parade. So I got to see it from above. And then, soon as it was over with I was boots on the ground with my guys running with them. Anything they needed. But we had 20 calls for service. I ran it for a six hour period. I personally went through everyone myself. And the 20 calls for service were very light. I'm talking traffic. Obviously a couple of disturbances and one arrest. So I think for a day that filled with that many people, I've been working for over 20 years. That's a success. So overall, it was a great job. Everyone and I was very happy to see the results at the end of it. So let me make it. I know there was a comment that was made about dance teams are lack thereof of the dance teams. That wasn't that was intentional. It's not because anybody couldn't afford the parade registration. So the objectives of the parade when you have a parade of this size was to eliminate the gaps that were within the parade. We had numerous meetings where drivers that have participated for years came and discussed and just talked to us just like the gentleman did earlier from to hear things from a driver's perspective and from a law enforcement perspective. Whenever there's gaps in the parade. It's a challenge because once people start migrating into the street, it's hard to get them back out. So look, I love I love the variety that dance teams and bands create. And there again, I was I was probably the last one that didn't want to extend the invites to them. But it's also a long route. So it's hard for them to keep up at that pace for the entire length. So it was automatically creating gaps in the parade. So the solution in previous years would be that the lead of the parade would stop and let everybody catch up. Well, every time you stop in the parade, it encourages people to get off of the floats. We've had incidents or accidents have happened several years back. There was a young lady who got off at one of the stops and the float rolled over her foot. So every every change we make, we realize that there may be another chain like an unintended consequence of it. But one of the things we did as well, we recognize that having the we're so proud to have 10 in CAA teams here that weekend. I mean, I don't think many communities of our size can say that it's 75,000 people in a 12 square mile area of a daytime pop of a normal population of like 18,000 people here and host an NCAA college tournament that you put in a parade. But one of the challenges for us with them was to get them back in time to start. They kind of take off and that creates a gap. So we were able to ride together as one and I can go on and on because there's so many things that every decision that was made of moving the chess piece was in response to feedback that we've learned from and debriefed in previous years. It wasn't the intention wasn't just shoot from the hip and let's see what happens. It was all really strategic moves that takes months worth of planning. So Miss Boris. I was just curious. It had been years since I've ridden in the parade. So I hadn't been on the route to see how crowded it was in different areas. Shema mattering around the roundabout community first bank. Tads. It was very, very crowded. I'm curious. All the changes that were made to the parade this year did it affect the crowds that we've had in the past. It was there of the size of the size of the crowd. So the end result. The parade length was exactly the same. And look, I was still to this day will share with you that that initial route left a little bit to be desired because if you if you were around my office or city hall just larger. We had probably 10 route versions. And it started getting really confusing. I'm just probably over sharing. But so I agree it left a lot to be desired because the intention was never to shorten the route. That's why we were so I was so quick to change it because I wasn't really completely sold on it to begin with. So ultimately what we landed on was the same length four miles, I believe it was four miles. So we took one mile off the end and added one mile to the beginning. And the idea behind it was for years the law enforcement person we count on we have you know without getting into strategy too much. We have I think 32 post certified officers that work for the city full time. That day we have I think we had 130 ish that we paid that work that day. And so I think we're going to have to wait for the people to get the most out of the way, so we're going to have to wait for them to get the law enforcement from these other agencies. I have to we have to listen to them. Or else they're not going to be interested in coming back. For years they've told us, Jim, it matters. Jim, it matters. Jim, it matters. Jim. It. So I didn't know what to expect that first mile of Jim, it matter. There within walking distance. You have Nicole. I mean, you have a lot more. You know, you have a lot of work. The city is growing south. So south of shim and metteries. So there was a lot of room for those residents to have a new spot. Marty, what is about tradition though? You know, you go to the same place generally. So I get that. The reason the mile was taken off at the end was to the gentleman's point around about cause problem. Can cause problems because of the pinch points, the churns, you know, things of that nature. So did it, did it affect the crowd size? I would tell you from my observation now. Now that's just my opinion. I mean, those that that road in the parade could probably, you know, share. I think that if this route is repeated, I think that first mile. We'll see it continue to populate. The other thing that this opened up was a lot more public property. All the frontage along the sports complex is public property. So you don't have to know somebody in any of that space. I mean, that's public property. So it opened up several hundred parking spots at the sports complex plus a lot of frontage on shim and metterie. For those that didn't have a designated place to go. And, you know, developers and the council as the governing authority has been very intentional in having connectivity for our community. I mean, there's a reason that fourth street now connects into fair, fair haven to have access to shim and metterie because, you know, the roads on Avenue A and B are narrow and they're tight. You know, so the idea, I guess, was to have, hey, enjoy the parade and then be able to just, you know, be walking distance and come back, you know, home. So did it affect the crowd size now? Not in my, not in my opinion. I thought, you know, going up on the, well, limiting the number of floats going up on the fees would help with the crowd control. And that's mainly what, besides that one turn, it's mainly why we don't go down that route. That's right. It's crowds down there. Yeah, the other thing. I mean, let me tell you, I mean, too, I mean, this didn't get mentioned. We take, we all take a lot of pride in that we had, I think it was $8,500 of damages to shrubs after the parade last year. And we had, I don't remember the amount. There was a lot of prep work, time and labor that went into putting the orange machine to try to protect all the landscaping that was put in, you know, from trying our best to make sure that it wasn't being trampled. So, you know, on, so let's face it, Young'sville does not have a lot of wide roads, even the area of shimmy metery that you were talking to. The challenge there with the barricades is if we put it the wider, we make the road, then the barricade, then you're standing in a ditch on, you know, so, so we put it up a little bit into that bike lane to where they're standing room. So, the unintended consequences, then yeah, you're closer to the vehicle so it was a balance and we felt like it was right there in the middle to not have you standing in the ditch, but still keep you safe from, you know, the passing vehicles so. But good question. So, Mr. Bull's, John. Yeah, I guess, I'm into Council of Avarez. The crowd, I would say downtown in the past was probably what I would say almost 20 to 25 deep. It seemed on both sides of the route that extended well past the cemetery if you're passing through that side of church street. So, I would say with this day was really just thinned out the crowd longer and a longer route versus then being compact into one small area. So, I guess, I guess, the first responders standpoint, I will say that in years past when I first joined the department 2010, our call volume per year was roughly, I don't know, 300 calls a year and we're well over a thousand at this point. So, you're our residents and our visitors are substantially grown, which is why we've transitioned from a fire to volunteer to a combination now we're a fully career department 24, 7, 3, 6, 5. The challenges we faced early on were getting calls in the heart of our city, but being gridlocked on both sides of the route. So, there was no way for us to get in from either side, which, you know, it poses an enormous threat whether it's a fire or someone's loved ones and a medical emergency. So, what this did really was shortened the amount of floats allowed in and then leaving the downtown area open where we were able to cross over and get to that side of town within seconds versus a being 10, 15, 20 minutes as well as having a Katie and ambulance here. From our side, that was much needed, a much needed help and help us out tremendously. And as far as even having it back downtown, as much as, you know, I'll probably would would agree with Mayor Ritter. I was probably one of the last ones that was fighting it to be changed. But having so many residents and so many goers downtown was was really a nightmare just trying to navigate a float much less. And it was just a number of emergency services in general, and it was just, that was really difficult. It was eye opening to see that everyone had shifted and really kind of become one, all on show, a matter of, and then doing other parts of our community, not just the downtown. So, I guess from my sake, it was as much as I did, wanted to change seeing it and writing it in a different, a different, a different, fast. It was just a nice fresh of breath there. Mr. Allen. That are already needing repair or, you know, it's damaging the roads, but it's not a traditional, a modern garage parade within a trailer. So, how do we, how do we go back to, how do we go back to that type of Mardi Gras parade? It's maybe something happened to be discussed again, you know, and maybe restrict the sides of these people. Because then a poor little earth is just too large for friends. And for the safety of the people and the safety of our roads, it isn't hard to get in and out as it is and not proud about it by real fresh. You know, it's already about the end. Yeah. It's coming next line below. Yeah, the discussion, I'll tell you just, you know, some of the feedback about the 18-willer cabs. Those drivers are the most trained drivers that there are on our roads. They have to have additional license requirements that I don't have. So, that, you know, because my instinct was very similar to yours. And then we're wearing a room discussing these things. And we're kind of like, hey, you know, like my answer is not right. My team knows I never want to be the smartest person in the room. Tell me, what, what, what is the, what's the issue, what problem are we solving, and what unintended consequences are going to come up when we make this change. So, my instinct, too, was just purely from the size perspective. But we're also talking about a vehicle that's better equipped with, you know, side mirrors. And, you know, a lot of Marty Grot Trailers are, you know, they're hitched. What had you told me, like, hitched that the center and they don't really... Turn. So, it's not a road ready in a sense trailer. It's for Marty Grot. It's used for Marty Grot. The comment about the trucks being on the roadway, they own the roadway every day. They're delivering commerce. So, weight wise and all that, 18-wheelers are driving those roads every day. So, back to the CDL drivers. They experienced drivers. They tested. I'm a CDL driver. Class A. That's where it came in as maneuverability of those trucks, knowing what their loads, that type of deal versus somebody just hooking up with a Jeep or... But the first time pulling 40 people with a 40-foot float. So, that's where the 18-wheelers come in. As a... No doubt, search tree can turn up in search. It's not capable. And it is a large flow that I know it's a large peak. So, therefore, it looks like the millicholk in the parade now, search tree is the reason for the loss. It's a whole piece of it. Okay, thank you. Yes, Mr. Ramara. It's something that the mayor might not want to say, or when it comes to the downtown area, I also thought or probably called and whined about the most because I was hearing from residents. But then I turned around and he presented to me and said, call the business owners, talk to Father Russo or someone else at the church, talk to the police, ask them what they think. And some of the things that I remember being pointed out was, more violence the year before had to shut down their business and couldn't even open it up, because there were so many people there and they had to pay the ban to leave, to not even play. They lost revenue that year. In front of Young'sville Middle School, multiple years of fights. It was a hot spot for the police having to go there and couldn't get there. So, they essentially eliminated that one hot spot on the route. Really, Lindy brought up about the crowds. I don't know if it's youth or whatever, but people doing things in the cemetery that they shouldn't have been doing as far as urination and other things at the church. And then where the mayor said the lady fell off, she jumped off the float right before Young'sville Middle that year and got ran over. Again, that could have happened anywhere. But that turn that you're talking about, I've ridden in this parade probably eight times now. And every single time I feel like we're going to run over somebody at that turn by the car wash and the church. Because of the way it's a small street, it's not made. It's a not a degree turn. It's not made for that. I don't think it's permanent, not going downtown, but I think the way the route is the amount of the types of vehicles you have in floats, it's almost impossible for it to go down there. I know that he presented several routes to all of us, starting at the complex, coming this way. Young'sville highway all the way down, different things like that. I think one thing that's proven is that nothing's permanent with Martigrow and Young'sville. It's always ever changing and trying to grow and be smart about it. I think from a standpoint, when you look at the good and the bad of not having it downtown, there was too many negatives to continue that at this time. I do think that Councilman Baires and Bulljohn have brought up about the amount of floats. I think what it did was I heard it and I felt it. When you were finished with the parade, the parade was done. The prior two years, we were log jam for hours. Most people that were on the route, they were like, it's here. It's actually done. There were years where it's like, oh, no, there's another 20 floats. There's a big gap. I think we're all landed on that number that was a good number. Hopefully that's continues to be the case. For floats, this year we had 75. Hopefully this will be 80, 80, 80. What did you think about the length of the parade? It was good. I liked the route that it was. I did. My only thinking is making a link from the local business. I understand what's more about it. It's also watching me with the little antique shop. Along with the traditional buildings, people, you know, it is a change for them. I understand some will be upset about it. But I was by the name of Alan and Alan Arendt. Yes, ma'am. That brings residents to all those businesses. But watching the kids on those little barriers, I was thinking about that. I don't know how it was near the complex. It's what I saw right there. Yeah. It was very scary. The kids just don't listen to their parents or the parents are off. You know, visiting and nothing attention. It was just something to look at. Yes, ma'am. If you're having an emergency, if there's a lot of water, you can get in there. I think we can get in there. This year, I didn't hear of it. I was able to get to fantastic feedback from my daughter who was an EMT for Katie Namelens, who said long force, long force, where she could get her in and out rapidly to get to where they need to get to. So it was a success in that fashion all the way around. I was thinking, I want to bring up points that I understand. There's no matter what decision you make, it's never going to work. This round of written in the EMT will probably be about 10 years now. At the end of the break, we have. Years past, it was challenging because we started in one sub-town, we ended up in the other sub-town, and we have a float with 40 cents of people on it and try to make it back. We would spend hours in traffic on it for trying to get back. Or got forbidding, we actually did get back trying to get out of town. And then if you got out of town, you have to wait to try to come back in the town for anything. So it was nice because of the end of the break, we could shoot straight out, sit about an hour or two, wait for things to come down and do what can come back into the thing. So in regards to the float, lighters themselves, the personnel on there, it was the significantly easier for us to traverse the path. Okay. Wouldn't be the ex-agent with that. Good to know. Thank you. Okay, I got a thumbs up back there so this is good. All right. Any other comments or feedback? I think no matter what, it's a lot of people to try to corral. No matter where the route is that we're counting on human behavior, there's so much that's out of, so much that's out of our control. I think our obligation was really just hearing it all and taking it all in from the drivers to participants, the residents, of course, the business owners. I didn't make public all the conversations that I was having, you know, with the business owners. And some of them that I followed up with afterwards to see how did they compare. There was a lot to take into place. So, but I do appreciate the feedback and it doesn't have to stop now. I mean, I'm, you know, our jobs to listen and that's what we continue to do. You know, but we'll continue to try to do the best so we can. I guess that's about a lot of things to say. So, all right. All right. Well, if there's no other feedback, I guess we'll go ahead and continue to move on with the meeting. But thank you all sincerely. A gen item 5.1 is approval of March 14, 2024 meeting minutes. Emotion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Mr. Romero. Any council comments or discussion? All right. Any public comment? Can you give me a skidgery please? Open the vote, please. Ms. Varez. All in favor. Motion approved. All right. A gen item 6.1 is approval of the February 2024 finance report. Emotion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Councilman Varez. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or question? Okay. Yeah. Hearing none, Ms. Gidgery, please call the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. All right. Thanks Nicole. 7.1. Varians request from Ms. Claire Morley to allow her to postpone the installation of a sidewalk for the photography studio to be built at 2513 Bonan Road. Hey Claire. Hi. Thank you so much for your time. So, I want to start off by saying I am very pro sidewalk throughout the city. My situation here is that I have nothing to attach it to. I am in between residences who are well established. And so the city work that would have to be done to have a sidewalk to attach it to is going to be quite a lot of work. So I'm sure there's potential for it in the future. And I was just hoping to postpone my section until it has something to attach it to. And additionally, along Bonan directly across the street from that, we've got that continuous sidewalk with which is the path to least resistance because there's no driveways and all that where if you'll do end up doing a sidewalk on that side, I think people will probably be using the other side anyway. So. Right. Yeah. Not looking for an exception just a postponement. All right. Council, I know that I know we don't have it on the screen, but council, you have it on the on you have it before you. Any questions from Ms. Morley? No. All right. Is there a council member or a marrow? Yeah, I'll make a motion to approve variants for the sidewalk to postpone to any installation of the sidewalk at 2513 Bonan Road till there's a need for a connection. All right. Thank you, sir. And Mr. Boljana seconds. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any other public comment related to this matter? If there's no public comment, please call for the vote. Motion approved. Thank you. We're excited about having you there. I know you've been talking about it for a while, but thank you for from glad you're continuing to move ahead with this. Thanks. Yeah, plans are done. Just worked on the landscaping. Yeah. I'll be submitting soon. All right. Thanks. Look forward to it. Appreciate it. Permit fees are, you know about the permit fees right now. Okay. Good. All right. Yeah. Wait, we're on sale. All right. agenda item 7.2 is another variance request to allow a reduction in a garage setback from 25 feet to 20 feet for a lot 10 of sable south. Okay. Mr. Chad, users here and council. You have Mr. Is it you? Yeah. You have his letter for you in the packet. So, yeah, we started on our plans in August of last year. Chad Brussard was interested homes is. I'm going to be building our homes. We finished everything up and then it became known to us about the setback. Currently, we're got our final plans and hopefully in two or three weeks will be building. So. I'm just going to be working. Council any comments or any feedback? I'll just share with you for what it's worth. I think I'm the one that that I believe I know I'm the one who with the best help and just talking as administrative team about the 25 foot garage setback. I don't I don't have any particular issue with this, you know, at all as the as the person that initially brought this forward. You know, I think that I think that's a little south is going to be a great neighborhood. I think that there's a. You know, a handful of cul-de-sac lots and then also corner lots of which this is one that kind of make it a little bit more challenging for the floor plans that you'd like to have built there. Yeah. So, I mean, we have our plans in place. It's just it would obviously be additional costs to go back to have them redrawn and a little time delay. Yeah, we I think it would be really great house. Oh, no, it's just we just looking forward to move forward with it. All right. Let's see Mr. Bolziana. Yeah. I'll make a motion with my constituents everything else to say. I can wait. Let me get you in, Miss Jean-Pine. Excuse me one second. Okay. Go ahead. Welcome. Welcome to young zoom. And the question's really this is the same as we did in the last at the last meeting correct is where we did it to and I believe right after this we're going to do a blanket. Correct. Is that is among the standard. Yes, ma'am. And I know I have learned a little bit about the way you know you think and I do appreciate that which is why we did recommend in conversations with the developer to let's just look at all of the corner in cul-de-sac lots. And for the public's benefit, I mean the intention of this ordinance initially, you know it's no secret we're growing rapidly resident with residential development. Some of our and we've to my point about continuous improvement learning from best practices and other parts of the country some of our some of the builders and developers that we have. The goal that we were what problem what we trying to solve was really one of getting vehicles off the road onto the driveways into garages. There are some builders that don't build the garage is large enough for vehicles to begin with. And so that presents a challenge where the garage is primarily being used for storage. It's certainly fine but then when you have the garage 20 feet from you know the road and you have vehicles you know on the on the driveway it makes it harder to enjoy the sidewalks you have more vehicles in the streets where a community of families and kids so you have kids that are out in the front and it makes it harder more challenging to navigate the roads. So I was just trying to break up you know the the monotony of going down a street and everything looking the same and everything being like on a straight line. So we have a development that we did where the setbacks were varied you know from 20 to 27 to kind of break that visual point up it appeared to work well. So that's why we pass the ordinance to say let's do the garages at 25. I think the opportunity that we have in the future I know that this particular development here is local builders that build build houses where you can actually utilize the garages. So that's why for me personally I don't see the issue here because it's local builders that use that you'll have to use in the garages they're unique floor plans that's going to break up the monotony. These are larger lots also so that's some of our you know kind of thinking you know in the back and big great great questions. Thank you mayor and thank you for you service. Thank you. Mr. Ameri. I don't know how you all feel about it but can we push to 7.3 and just add this a lot into that bulk of all the other locks. That always just cleaner for you guys I know he's on the agenda but because my lot is a corner lot. I just noticed that I want to zoomed in on my camera so I mean it would be bulked in with these all the other ones. Yeah I think we just need to amend it to add his lot number 10 lot 10 to that motion. Okay so he's want to let's item die and find it. Is that okay? Yep okay. All right so we'll move to 7.3 7.3. Okay. Okay we're going to just note that it's dying for a lack of action. All right. Okay. Mayor I like to make a motion on item 7.3 to approve the variance for all of the lots listed and add a lot 10 to that list of 13. Oh now it'd be 14 homes. All right thank you Mr. Mayor. Mr. Bulljano seconds. Any other council comment or question? Any public comment relative to the relative to the request. This is for sable south which is the newest phase of sable palms off of Young's Ohio way. That's on the south side of the existing development. There's already I think the first or second house being framed along that development right now. All right Ms. Barris. I just have a question. The variance that the ordinance I should say was this ordinance put forth while this was being built. Is that why we're having to. I don't remember the exact timeline of it. I mean this was a the language was on the preliminary plat letter. I think it was just a miss. It was something that probably I guess it was a missed opportunity where the developer wasn't aware of it at the time. When he sold the lots. I think that's why he was a little bit more than I expected. Right so that therefore then his builders weren't aware of it. The lots that are remaining here all of your traditional lots. I think they're like 80 by one for me there. They're going to be much easier to be able to. Yes to be able to achieve this. Ms. Champagne. Yes and also the developer was someone that had developed in the city prior. Yes so they were used to develop it wasn't like a new developer coming in. So they were used to develop it. Yeah that's correct. So all right motion second is there public comment. All right no public comment. Is called the vote. Ms. Champagne all in favor motion approved. All right Mr. Chad you're all set sir. And welcome to Young'sville and look forward to watching get your house built sir. So thank you. All right we'll go ahead and move on to announcements. Pam you want to go first. As I was trying to swallow my water. Well I think that we'll get a 10 after I think the most important part is the fact that we got concurrence from F. P. N. C. So that we can sign the contracts for the final G. M. P. for phase one for both highway 89. And then for the fortune road roundabout. Currently on the fortune road roundabout project the contractors already set the subgrade based on his early work and he is ready to start placing his line and start treating his subgrade. So he's ready to move and this was going to be then like once he had done that he had to finish doing his pawn and he was ready to rock and roll. So I think it was good and we focused all of our time in trying to get those two projects advancing and spending whatever time we needed to spend with facility plan control to get that done. So we also will work in heavily to address comments on LaRivia road from DOTD as well. We're finalizing the cost estimate plans are done so that we can make a resubmital to them. 2024 or 2022 roadway improvements. We're going to our next step is to go back to address driveways to add some asphalt and to address driveways and some punchless items yards things like that on the 2022 roadway. So we're going to do the four roadway we just kind of put we stopped working on that so we could do the focus on LaRivia and highway 89. So now that we're getting all that next week we'll get back to finishing up the plans so we can put the road 2024 roadway improvements out to bid. Julia and Cully that is your LWI detention pond the survey is complete and we're going to have to get the environmental. We've got some environmental feedback from our solicitation to the different environmental agencies of some archaeological stuff that they'd like us to do so we need to get with the property owner so that we can get on their property to do their archaeological move. currently for Bayou Park Purdue and Koolie LaSalle finishing our modeling's done we're in the process of remapping so as you know your detention ponds did allow or did result in a lowering of the BFE and there's a whole process to get that remapped and while we're doing that we're taking in as going through and as many subdivisions we had several subdivisions through the maps of 2018 there might have been a tenth difference and so a bunch of those people were put back in zone A so these the remapping puts many of those back into zone X so we want to make sure we have it right to address for many of our property owners to get the benefit so that's the next part is so that they get the benefit of your detention ponds with getting placed back in a zone X how that's going if they have current insurance it won't necessarily bring it down what it will do is make it not necessary if they don't want to have it if you're in zone A it's required the way they are now addressing costs and I just want to say that in case once the mapping's done people say my interest didn't go down the risk is how they're now giving you your prices they have a whole new pricing system as what they call risk rating 2.0 so that pricing system changed so many people have seen a huge increase but what it will do is just make it not mandatory so right now if you're in A it's mandatory if you're still mortgaging your house so I might not we might not be able to get you a decrease but we might get it to where you don't necessarily have to have it that's and that's not gonna be fair we said division but we're trying to bring it as many we want to so the mapping is tedious work but it's gonna be worth it in the end for the homes that'll benefit and I can say just based upon you know dry ditches and what we saw after having such a high intensity rain event yesterday they did their jobs yesterday and that so we're very happy to have another one another rain event but we are seeing that they're still working we're still working with the property owners doing some minor shifts on the what we're calling the South Connect or Launccia ma'am so that hopefully we can make the next move forward to start doing the actual plan so we're still working and tweaking that alignment and we don't have any new things to report on 92 press Scott other than we were at 30% with and we had completed our survey all right okay there is just what you mentioned by you park Purdue I mean there's survey markers that are out Miss Deanna maybe you've noticed there's a survey that did everything on along by you park Purdue from young so highway to the sports complex doing survey because they're creating plans and they're gonna go and it's a parish job so they're gonna be removing saltation so you know hopefully we'll be seeing that get in there also on Anselham as well so like around the Veterans Park that channel there there's also survey marks around there and La Sal. La Sal is one of the the ladders to La Sal. That's wonderful. I think that's the first thing that the surveyors they did tell me that the carish was moving at the section yeah it went up area in the school I think I knew about yesterday's rain before the pool is high the debris inside doesn't allow enough movement the days when it outputs it through because by public works okay thanks for letting me know about it we'll follow up on it all right any questions all right huge milestone with the concurrence the concurrence was the critical path so if you're asking why is why is more not happened on young so highway that's the reason why but the concurrence is the states paying 75% of it the money's been bonded out facility planning just agreed with concurrence meaning that they're now in agreement with the design and the contractors this has no more barriers to fully begin that work in that process so we had more designed than what was bonded out so we basically had to go to plans that were further along and scaled them back to fit in the exact amount that the state allocated for the job so that was part of the reason now the state has concurred with all of the eyes and the the tees so we're ready to ready to go thank you Pam ten thanks mayor well why see baseball and softball and then they will be this this Saturday at 8 a.m. on supreme field with about 1600 players you know all playing the game that day we're going to be recognizing young zool residents Brandon and Missy McGiver and their committee members that were instrumental in getting our vision of sports for all going we're beginning exclusive play sports starting with baseball and softball we have over 60 players and 40 buddies who assist them already registered and will register till through May 10th our goal in branding sports for all would be to offer inclusive play leagues and all of our sports that we offer and include not sports partners the spring adult sugar beach league you know is underway after they flagged football I started their games the Raising Kane's tennis center was recently one of seven host sites for the Crawfish Classic where there were over a thousand players the sugar cane showdown featuring UL men's tennis team versus Georgia State will also be this Saturday from 10 to 2 the USPTA which is the United States Professional Tennis Association their Southern Southern division has notified that bill will be inducted into their Hall of Fame May 18th and go for Mississippi 2d baseball and fast softball tournaments continue on the weekends the conference USA collegiate Beach volleyball tournament will be this month April 25th through the 27th and it will be televised live on the ESPN plus the wreck center the rotary go pick up alternative will be this Saturday at the wreck center picks a splash park will open on May 1st the VFW women's auxiliary cookoff at the soccer park in Lauderdale will be held on Saturday April 20th slumber j family event with roughly 450 plus participants will be this will be on Thursday May 16th they gonna have their event quarterly with us we hope the event similar to that we host the caterpillar rental family event annually which over 650 participants attend and we'll soon have sent us an AES family day events also coming at the at Sugar Beach and well Tim we have and I think it's also we're saying great job I know we have some new sponsorships that have come through still have a limited number of sponsorships at the expansion site the pickleball naming rights was just taken we're in discussions about the amphitheater naming rights but they're still a handful of limited sponsorship opportunities there and Tim I know you couldn't make it but I was very proud to talk about the sports for all in that that program at the chamber bank with this week I think the timing of it coincides great with the lines clubs donation of the Cluesa playset we have taken receipt we've taken yeah receipt of the our delivery we've taken delivery of the of the playset it's over an 8,000 square foot inclusive playset and it's gonna really give children you know without disabilities an opportunity to play in and you know network with kids with disabilities so we're really excited about that and think that it it it couples in very well with the success that you already seen in the registration numbers so I appreciate you taking the lead on that and then also for the I know soccer is already doing it and hopefully we can roll out to the other sports as well so really really cool and I can't say it enough I'm in five call it five collegiate tournaments are taking place at your sports complex in over a ninety-eight period spanning three sports I think that's just a great testament for every resident of Young'sville and you know every everybody that's a sponsor and has any any any hand in that so baseball day Saturdays open to the public if you want to see a lot of smiling faces there's over 1500 kids that have signed up to play baseball softball and T-ball and Saturday it all kicks off so hopefully the weather is good and I think it will be for perfect so a lot of great things happen in there I guess in what the only thing I'm just thinking about you know and I don't want to get off opine and about this but you know when that long ago that we recreation was done by BYYA BYYA Broussard Young'sville Athletic Association and you know that changed to running it through the Young'sville Recreational Sports Program I mean you look back at everything that's happened here and it's all been changed and continuous improvement and you know so as proud as we were about BYYA and the strength of that program and that organization seeing where it is today is just it's it's a it's phenomenal works very proud of that the other thing I was this number continues to just catch my attention we have 6,800 kids that go to our schools between K to 12th grade within the city limits of Young'sville so if you add in the early education centers preschools daycares it's very easy to get over 80105 and what's 80105? 80105 was the complete census for the entire city here in 2010 so that's our population of just daycares and K through 12 students so just that may mean I don't know that made me really just have a moment of pause to realize people want to be here and whether it's about the parade or recreation or roads I mean that's that's the challenge that we face every day and that's how to scale this to make sure that we're being respectful to everybody that wants to be here and those of you that have lived here forever so thank you Tim Sarah I wouldn't expect in you but I'm happy to see you so the wastewater treatment plant upgrade received LDH permit and so we're just waiting on LDQ and fire marshal permitting and approval and the right study. Pump station 4 we received the LDH permit and we're awaiting the right study. The water plant as you said beds may first elevated storage tank received LDH approval and waterline interconnections also oh no that one we're awaiting LDH approval and the storage tank and waterline interconnections were waiting on the right study for the sugar melt pond pump station upgrade it's in progress and we're coordinating with the sugar melt pond engineer to determine the best route for the force of being and I think we did wait we got to the check you need for for the elevated storage tank okay so we we're moving a close and on that property yeah the check's been issued for the property and yeah the the water water plant opening on May 1st I think is definitely a critical path in our in our continued ability to grow so we're excited about that and then my last comment one of those pump station upgrades whether it's three or four I think we're gonna peel off of the DEQ funding and put that on its own contract for capital outlay okay because we have we had 500,000 from last year's capital outlay so I'd like to do have that just to I mean that's already bonded out and is ready so now that our facility planning guys given us all the green lights on Pam's projects we're gonna do this one so okay all right so thank you okay captain anything all right are there any any council announcements all right any other bit any other mr. Ramara yeah sorry I made a couple notes Mary the chamber did a phenomenal job Tuesday night with the event I thought it was awesome it was a great change of pace the last couple years Shannon congratulations on your business for being recognized Pam congratulations on y'all's business for being recognized too long standing businesses in town much like others which is really good to see getting that recognition with all the other businesses and stuff and great job so good to go thank you and I couldn't be I said it in the office that couldn't be more proud your Pam's firm just celebrated their eighth anniversary for those of you that don't know Pam she's born and raised here in Youngville her father was the town mechanic she was educated here locally spent some years working out of town but came back and is is dedicated her career to improving infrastructure and and you know whether it's water or you name it so I'm exceptionally proud to see you have your eighth anniversary and you choose and have the business in Youngville so congratulations and and to Gary as well on his tenth anniversary so into everybody I agree the chamber bank who was exceptional kind of it was kind of a renewed reminder about the importance of shop in local because we have great businesses throughout our community and anything that we can do to continue supporting them I think we've got to keep that at the forefront of our decision making so all right any other announcements all right is there a motion to adjourn all right second by Mr. Bullgiano all in favor say aye I need an adjourn thank you so much