 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you GRE<|fr|> to be led by Pastor Andy Tribe. And then if you remain standing, our pledge will be led by our Mayor Pro Tem, Volgiano. Pastor Walton, sir. Thanks. I'd like to just take a moment to remember where you were 24 years ago on this day. And just remember what happened that day in the lives that were lost. I lost for there 343 firefighters. I was at a laffey at fire station. And surrounded by brand new firefighters, looking at me like, is this going to happen here? Let's just take a moment with that and when they will pray. Heavenly Father, we come to you today, God, to remember this day, Father, the things that happen this day, Father, let us never forget that, God. We lift the families that are still mourning loved ones lost this day 24 years ago, God. And Father, with the things going on in our nation, Father, we don't even know where to start to pray. We lifted all up to you, Father, for the Kirk family, for the school shooting and Colorado, Father, for the other things going on in our nation, Father. You know what's going on, Father, we trust your will be done in each one. God, I thank you for the freedom that the mayor and the council has given us as local churches to come together at City Council meetings and pray, Father. Such an unusual thing in today's world. And we thank you and we thank them for that, God. Lift this time up to you, Father. I'm just glad to see that Mr. Earl's family here, God. And I just pray for them as they still mourn the loss of a loved one, Father, just a awesome person that's been many, many years in this community, God. We love you and we lift this meeting up to you. We pray this in Jesus' name, amen. Amen. I'm going to use this to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands for one nation under God in the new school, with liberty and justice for all. Pastor, thank you. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Pares is absent tonight. Mr. Giano. Here. Mr. Romero. Here. Mr. Aril. Ms. Shalpon. Here. Council, before we move into the business, I'd just have a couple of brief announcements. First, I want to acknowledge us on a Sandra Keel here. Where's she sitting? Oh, in the back. She's standing. I'm asking you to keep the keels in your prayers. Ms. Sandra's, Father, had a medical incident. This week, he's doing okay. He's recovering at a local hospital. But I want to take the opportunity to acknowledge the Youngsoe Fire Department. They were the first ones that responded on the scene and were able to revive Mr. Keel, chest compressions and the whole nine yards. So nothing but prayers to you and your family, Sandra. I'm surprised you're here with this this evening, but I know you don't like missing a meeting and just a special thanks to the Youngsoe Fire Department, the shift that was on, where able to get there really quickly. I think Chief told me he thought it was about two or three minutes. And if you live in Youngsoe, you know that typically, in most cases, not always, it is the Youngsoe Fire Department that responds first in a medical emergency, although a Cadean was shortly there behind. So keeping in our prayers, Ms. Keel. Also, Council this evening, I'm requesting that you consider tabling two of the ordinances that are up for final adoption this evening. That's a gin items 5.1 and the ordinance, I'm sorry, a gin item 5.2. So those are ordinances 498, 2025 and ordinance 503, 2025. And then finally, since we have a lot of guests here with this, I was gonna ask if there's no objection from the council, I'd like to maybe skip ahead to a gin item 8.1 under resolutions, if there's no objection. Oh my gosh, you're a big emotion. Think about your table of 5.1 and 5.2. Second. Okay, to do that now Nicole, you wanna wait to the item. Okay. All right, just because I know she's got her scripts. It could be done, but we don't wanna put her out of order. All right, resolutions, a gin item 8.1, resolution 202521, a resolution recognizing the distinguished service of the late Earl Minard and naming the Young'sville Police Department Patrol Center as the chief Earl Minard Patrol Center. Tonight, as everybody knows and as most of our audience is here for, we're honoring a leader that shaped the culture of the Young'sville Police Department, chief Earl Minard. His steady hand, his calm judgment and his deep love for the community helped build a department known for professionalism, for compassion, and also for service, for mentoring young officers to showing up for families in their hardest moments. Chief Minard led the way with integrity and humility. The standard he set to treat people with respect, do the right thing even when no one's watching and always put public safety first, still guides the Young'sville Police Department today. It's fitting that the building where our officers often begin and in their shifts will carry his name. By dedicating the facility as the Earl Minard Patrol Center, we are reminding every officer who walks through those doors of the example he set and of the trust this community placed in him. To Chief Minard, to his family and to the men and women of the Young'sville Police Department, thank you. Certainly grateful for your service, and I'm proud to have this before the council for their consideration tonight. So I'll read a resolution that was prepared by Nicole and then I'll give the council an opportunity to comment if they'd like. So resolution recognized in the distinguished service of the late Earl Minard in naming the Young'sville Police Department Patrol Center as the Chief Earl Minard Patrol Center, whereas the late Earl Minard faithfully served the citizens of the city of Young'sville as Chief of Police from January 1, 1987 through December 31, 2014. And whereas during his years of service, Chief Earl Minard demonstrated unwavering dedication, integrity and commitment to the betterment of the community. And whereas in recognition of his exemplary public service and enduring legacy, the city council of the city of Young'sville deems it fitting to honor Chief Earl Minard by naming the Young'sville Police Department Patrol Center as the Chief Earl Minard Patrol Center, whereas the patrol center is located at 304th Street and currently serves as the hub of patrol. Now therefore be it resolved that the city council of the city of Young'sville parish of Lafayette, Louisiana does hereby recognize the distinguished service of the late Earl Minard in naming the Young'sville Police Department Patrol Center as the Chief Earl Minard Patrol Center. Be it further resolved that a suitable marker or plaque shall be placed at said building, designating its name accordingly, be it further resolved, the copy of this resolution shall be forwarded to the clerk and recorder of the parish of Lafayette for a recordation in the conveyance records of set office and be it further resolved that all resolutions or parts thereof in conflict herewith are hereby repealed. So we will entertain a motion to move forward. Councilman Romero makes a motion and Mr. Nile and seconds, Councilman Romero. Were there any comments, I guess I should say, from the council, I know that was a mouthful. So, let me just say these remarks, I can tell you are shared, the cinnamon is shared by everyone up here. Let me give credit where credits do. It was Councilman Romero that brought the idea to my attention. He shared it with me, he shared it with his colleagues, and of course, he haven't had the opportunity to work with Chief Minard as a young council member. I thought it was extremely fitting. So, it's fitting that each one of you are here, and I've also loved one recently too, and this one never take the pain away. But what it does is it provides a place for you to mourn, visit, and tell all the great stories that we probably only know a fraction of. This man gave more than anybody that I can think of in this community, not just as a public servant, but as a person with BWA with all of his fundraising and everything he did over the years. My wife and me, she reminded me in 2014 when I decided to run, first of all, how crazy I was. But then the first time we walked streets and we showed up to more of us for lunch, and all of a sudden all the Minard showed up. And Lord, do they show up? I told Kaelin, Dawn, my fondest memory is Chief Earl, coming to a retard table, sitting down with me in Jennifer, and just giving us advice. So, the next Saturday was going to Morvans again, and the next Saturday, next Saturday. It was a tough election. He was a tough man. I think anybody could have thought, let's do something for him, and this is a group effort, in a collaborative, the mayor, the council, the chief. It's truly fitting to do something for someone who I feel is on a pedestal. I thought the world in this man. Every time I saw him, it didn't matter what was going on, shook my hand, and gave me a little advice. But for us to dedicate a place where not only y'all can visit, but future officers and citizens can go and learn more about him, and what he was about, I think it's fitting. So, I look forward to that day, when we get to go over there and dedicate it. And again, I appreciate y'all allowing us to do this as well. Mr. Bulljohn. Yeah. Um, you know, while this meeting, and I felt like this moment could be a moment of sadness, I just, I feel as if it's a pride. You know, growing up in this community, I'll live in one of the first divisions here. And when I would ride by bike to young some middle, we could back it up further to green tea. It was always Earl and Mr. Life at the time would be the crossing guard. And he would always sit at the corner with us at the four-way stop, before school, after school. And when we would ride from Beacon Village, he would always put your all right behind us on our bikes and make sure we made it home safely. Whether we stopped at Momos for a snack or a snow comb, he was always there. Growing up, you know, I had Earl and Mayor Lucas and I asked where, you know, the two biggest role models we had in this community. And I felt they both set the standard, as far as not just being a city leader or an advocate for the community, but just a good person in general. Selfless, as selfless as they get. And I couldn't be prouder to have grown up in a generation where we had them a part of my life. And then to be here today to dedicate this building to him. You know, the standard has been set for the Young Soul Police Department. And I think generations to come, as officers come and go, I felt like there's a standard that we had that he has set. And I hope that we can obtain that level. I don't think anybody's gonna match Earl's selflessness, but the Menorah family's attendance tonight just shows fractions of the volumes, how much he meant to everybody. That only did the family, but the community as well. So I'm sad to not have him here today, but I can't help but feel how excited this moment is to be dedicating a building to him and his name. So I think you all were coming and this is anything, obviously we can do. We're always here for you all. Thank you. All right. So there was a motion and a second from the city council. Is there anyone else wishing to wish someone? Would you like to? Yes, ma'am. Yes, thank you, Mayor. This is really a hard night for everyone. However, it is a joyful night for our city and for the family because to see how well received Mr. Earl always was, I was not a lifelong resident of Youngsville, but Mr. Earl always made me feel like I was at lifelong resident of Youngsville and part of the family. So I can't thank you all enough and thank you for the love that I have for you, David, as well as the entire family. I was able to work with y'all. And I remember campaigning when the family really came together and helped me walk the streets. And Mr. Earl was just always there and so we all. So I'm very proud to say that I knew Mr. Earl for a short period of time, the last 10 years in his family and that there will always be a place in my heart for all of you as well as Mr. Earl. But thank you. Thank you all for his service and for y'all's service. And I really look forward to the dedication of the Patro Santa. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Champagne. Is there any public comment anyone wishing to address the city council this evening? Yes ma'am, come on, come forward. Yeah. All right, not used to this. Okay. To the stained members of the city of Youngsville, Mayor, City Council, Chief Broussard, Chief Rebette, and the Youngsville Police Department. On behalf of my entire family, we want to express our deepest gratitude and profound appreciation for the immense honor of dedication of the Patro Santa in our father's name. This gesture is truly a humbling and moving tribute to his life and service. Our father dedicated his life to serving and protecting the community, embodying the highest idea of courage, integrity, and compassion. He believed deeply in the mission of law enforcement and always strive to make a positive difference in the lives of others. He often spoke of the thin blue line, not just as a job, but as a calling, a sentiment echoed by many who serve. This dedication not only honors our father, but also serves as a powerful reminder of the unwavering commitment and sacrifice made by all the brave men and women of the Youngsville Police Department. We know that under the uniform is someone's loved one, performing a tireless job, and we deeply appreciate the dedication. The naming of the Patro Santa and his honor ensures that his legacy of service, his unwavering spirit, and his profound impact on our family and community will be remembered and celebrated for generations to come. We are incredibly proud of his service and the department's continued dedication to upholding the values he's cherished. Our family will forever hold the Youngsville Police Department in the highest records and offer our unwavering support. Thank you for this incredible honor and thank you for keeping his spirit alive. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Any other comments from the public? Yes, sir. Would you hit your button for me, please? Yeah, sure. Sit down. OK. All right, sir. I do. I'd like to thank the Menorad family for letting Chief Menorad stay around and work with us. It was an honor to work with them. The camaraderie, the joking around. He was funny when he had come in the office. He'd say, hey, Chief, I was like, how's he going, Chief? I said, you're the real Chief. Joking around, taking his advice. He'd always be willing to give me advice. There's no playbook by this job. But with his support and help, it made it a lot easier to transition. And I'll forever honor and cherish his memories. He was a great man. Thank you all. Thank you, Chief Roussard. Thank you. Thank you. Any other comments? I'll achieve. Anyone else? All right, with a motion and a second in public comment, complete, mischiedry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Thoramaro? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Michelle Bond? Yes. Motion approved. It's perfect. It's fun. It's fun. We've seen our favorite president do this often. So I don't know how to even recommend doing this. It might be better if we do the, it might be better. Oh, yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I don't know. May as well. It'd be a first. Let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the young, the young, the states. See? Maybe. I don't know. Um, everybody, she's, I guess, staying and gathering. I don't know. I don't know what's the best way to do this. Alright. Hey. Yeah. I'm located in. Y'all want to do me? Yes. Y'all ninja art You'll only ensure to, this meeting we get out of here. Enjoyода's a town I also want to stay – I always think is it that, at least, you just want a city to be there. Well, I think, uh, I don't know, I don't want a city to be there. Yeah. But what about the town? Oh, we don't not. If she says anything about me, I'm spinning the chair. Okay. No, I think we're good. The camera's not working on this. Hey, I'm going to go ahead and hang on a second. I know. Justin, can you do a steel shot? All right. One, two, three. Got it? I got it too. You got a good camera? Thank you. You're welcome. I'm sorry. We love all of y'all, but no offense if you want to leave. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You got a dollar. Right. Yeah. All right. All right. Showy. All right. A gin item 3.1 approval of the meeting minutes August 14, 2025. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? No public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Motion approved. A gin item 3.2 approval of the August 22, 2025 special meeting minutes. All right. Motion by Mr. Nylon, second by Ms. Champagne, any council comment? Any public comment? All right. Here, no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. A gin item 4.1 approval of the July 2025 finance report. Motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Motion approved. Motion approved. Yeah. A gin item 5.1 ordinance 498 2025 in ordinance of the city of Youngsoil, Louisiana. Aminning the code of ordinance is chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments. Mr. Volgiano? Motion to table? All right. Thank you, sir. Ms. Champagne. All right. Second by Ms. Champagne. Motion tables. We don't need to do comment. All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Motion approved. A gin item 5.2 ordinance number 503 2025. An aggregate amendment in revision to the city of Youngsoil, state of Louisiana, and Youngsoil sales tax district number 1s, sales and use tax ordinances totaling 3.5% Councilmember Nylon? Motion to table? All right. Thank you. This motion by Councilmember Nylon, a second by Councilmember Volgiano. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Motion approved. A gin item 5.3 ordinance 507 2025 in ordinance to the city of Youngsoil, establish and recognize in a fire prevention bureau within the Youngsoil volunteer fire department. Motion by Councilmember Romero and a second by Councilmember Volgiano. Can you accept that as amended, I did add a little snippet in there, I had forgotten the shillings in red. One is VISTA. One is number 5.7.25. Mended? All right. Perfect. Thank you. Second as amended. All right. Any council comment? So, Chief Reves here and also Captain Austin, if anyone wants to, Austin shot well. Anyone like to, Captain, would you like to comment? Okay. I think we may have explained it somewhat, but if you want to hit maybe the highlights of what you're proposing, that be appreciated. So, what this will do is it will establish a fire prevention bureau for us and we'll be impacting under the State Fire Marshal doing inspections for businesses and stuff in lieu of the fire marshal. The reason behind this is to increase our rating. We did a bunch of math behind it and it's the most cost-efficient way to increase our rating among other things that we're doing, but this is one that we definitely had to go through y'all to establish. Mr. Romero. So, I'm assuming from a business perspective, this will expedite the process being a little quicker here in town. Yeah. So, I don't think the fire marshal actually makes it out to all the businesses. Okay. And with the fire marshal, they come out and there's problems, they have the ability to find. Okay. And so, we'll act as a buffer between that so we can come out. Now, as far as the construction approval and stuff that still goes through the State Fire Marshal, there's no benefit in us doing that at that time. So, we'll just be doing yearly inspections. All right. Any questions from the council? Any public comment? We have a lot of meetings. We hope that will lower the rattle thing, anything? We're at three right now. I don't think anything in life is an absolute, but according to the math, it should increase our rating. And if I was a betting man, I'd be good, but I... There definitely will not hurt. You can only go up from there. There's nothing that we can do that can hurt it by doing this. It would only increase it. I strongly believe by doing this and a few other things that we'll be able to obtain a class too. There's also benefit from my perspective of doing this because you're doing fire pre-planning. You're doing more community outreach. You're going out visiting with the business owners, understanding the layout of the businesses. And it's another, in my opinion, perception of service that the city is providing. So, I think it has benefit on that regard as well as the potential to improve the rating as well. Absolutely. Any other public comment? All right. No, I'm sorry, Haley. I was just going to add that I was at a meeting at the Louisiana Municipal Association conference recently. And the discussion of fire rating came up. And it is also a benefit for our businesses. They, you know, the better the fire rating, typically the better the insurance policies. There's usually a little bit of a discount on the premium. So our fire rating does affect our businesses insurance premiums. So this would also help in that regard. Absolutely. All right. Thank you, Haley. All right. Thank you. There's no other public comment in the skidry. Please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. We'll move to a gen out of 6.1. It was a request for preliminary plet, approval of Sure and Mo'Pine phase 29. Located section 7, T11S, R5E. Garrett. Garrett, you're taking this one? Yes, sir. All right. Well, Garrett's coming up also to acknowledge Mr. Jordan Dagle, the developer, and Mr. Tretron. This is Design Professional in the front row. Garrett, floor is yours, sir. Okay. Thank you. Anything council? I present to you a preliminary plet for Sure and Mo'Pine phase 29. Tell it put perspective where it is. Yeah. I'm curious to read. Then phase 20. Then the new phase 29. Then the ARCA complex. Then the subwarro. So last month, Latviance, every year, why development review committee did a review of the preliminary plet. And after our review, I recommend we accept with some conditions. I won't go over all of them, but one thing we want to highlight. If the preliminary plet is approved, there are some slight boundaries that change some existing boundaries. So we do recommend acts of correction for Sure and Mo'Pine phases 10b and phase 20. And then the near future before a final plot of this submission is recorded. And with that, I'll read back to the council. All right. Just my overall comments with it that this is, I'm sorry, Ms. Shumpin. I didn't see. Okay. All right. I have a motion by councilman Shumpin and a second by Mr. Romero. I think this is going to be a great, great addition to this phase. It's less dense, which means can be larger, larger lots. And I think it will be well received. So any public comment? Mr. Dagle, Mr. Trauma, anything for me? Any questions? I don't think we have any. All right. Any other public comment? All right. Garrett, thank you so much. Ms. Skidry. Thank you. You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You