had 130 ish that we paid that work that day. And so I think we're going to have to wait for the people to get the most out of the way, so we're going to have to wait for them to get the law enforcement from these other agencies. I have to we have to listen to them. Or else they're not going to be interested in coming back. For years they've told us, Jim, it matters. Jim, it matters. Jim, it matters. Jim. It. So I didn't know what to expect that first mile of Jim, it matter. There within walking distance. You have Nicole. I mean, you have a lot more. You know, you have a lot of work. The city is growing south. So south of shim and metteries. So there was a lot of room for those residents to have a new spot. Marty, what is about tradition though? You know, you go to the same place generally. So I get that. The reason the mile was taken off at the end was to the gentleman's point around about cause problem. Can cause problems because of the pinch points, the churns, you know, things of that nature. So did it, did it affect the crowd size? I would tell you from my observation now. Now that's just my opinion. I mean, those that that road in the parade could probably, you know, share. I think that if this route is repeated, I think that first mile. We'll see it continue to populate. The other thing that this opened up was a lot more public property. All the frontage along the sports complex is public property. So you don't have to know somebody in any of that space. I mean, that's public property. So it opened up several hundred parking spots at the sports complex plus a lot of frontage on shim and metterie. For those that didn't have a designated place to go. And, you know, developers and the council as the governing authority has been very intentional in having connectivity for our community. I mean, there's a reason that fourth street now connects into fair, fair haven to have access to shim and metterie because, you know, the roads on Avenue A and B are narrow and they're tight. You know, so the idea, I guess, was to have, hey, enjoy the parade and then be able to just, you know, be walking distance and come back, you know, home. So did it affect the crowd size now? Not in my, not in my opinion. I thought, you know, going up on the, well, limiting the number of floats going up on the fees would help with the crowd control. And that's mainly what, besides that one turn, it's mainly why we don't go down that route. That's right. It's crowds down there. Yeah, the other thing. I mean, let me tell you, I mean, too, I mean, this didn't get mentioned. We take, we