 you you you what you all right good evening everyone thank you for your patience this meeting is call to orders the regular meeting of the youngsville city council tonight is Thursday February 13th this evening I'd like to ask our friend of youngsville pastor Joe Cormiere from first assembly young so to lead us in our invocation and if you remain standing, Councilman Bares is going to lead us in the pledge. Good evening, everyone. Thank you so much for having us. Go to the Lord Heavenly Father. We thank you for just the immense amount of blessings and grace that you've bestowed upon our city. Lord, we just we just recognize you as being sovereign over this meeting today. And we ask for your divine favor for fresh insight and perspectives. As we discuss the business of this city. Lord, we just pray for the for your blessing and your hand to be upon our citizens upon their families. Lord, and we thank you for that. We just we also lift up our schools and all of our students here in the city. Lord, this is a city full of kids. And Lord, I just pray your blessings upon them. Lord, we just thank you for the future leaders that you are raising up in the local schools. So Lord, I just pray your blessings upon our time today. And we pray these things in the mighty and matchless name of Jesus. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the life of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. When we are God, individual, we're literally in justice for all. All right. Good evening, everyone again. Jen, item 5.6, Mr. Mr. Blanco has requested that item to be moved from this agenda. So I anticipate that we'll hear that at the next city council meeting. That's a Jen, item 5.6. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barras here. Mr. Volgiano here. Mr. Marrow's abs and he sends his apologies here. It's a work obligation tonight. Mr. Nylon here. Michelle. Right. A Jen item 3.1 approval of the meeting minutes, January 9th, 2025. All right. I have a motion by Mr. Volgiano and a second by Ms. Champagne. Is there any council comment? Any audience comment or question? Okay. Hearing none, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barras. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Nylon. Ms. Champagne. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council 4.1 approval of the December 2024 Finance Report. Okay. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. A second by Ms. Champagne. Any council comment or question? Ms. Gray? All right. Looking at the time for January, or I've point 3.1% over last year at this time. And just to, you know, in a good note, this is our highest month ever. Highest taxable sales ever. Yeah. All right. Is there any public comment or question? Okay. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Ms. Champagne. Ms. Barras. Motion approved. Thank you. Thank you. Council. Other business 5.1 is like to a point a new magistrate of judge who will preside over the city court and council for your recommending Miss Maria Petrie for that position. Ms. Petrie is here in the audience on on my right. I've known Ms. Petrie for years. She's been a licensed attorney owner of sure title and abstract. So about a 25 year resident of Youngsville. I know her to be very active in the community. She's a previous chamber, I believe board member. Very active in the realtor association. She was on the gumbo cook off committee just one off the top my head that I know over her practices mainly on title examination, curative work. As well as the preparation handling and signing of closing documents for residential and commercial properties situated in several parishes throughout the state of Louisiana. But prior to that, she's also done other work outside of title work. But I've met with her. She understands the responsibility of which she will be tasked and I'm confident that she's up for the opportunity that presents itself for it to be the magistrate for the city of Youngsville. And Miss Petrie like I mentioned here if anyone has any questions for her. Yes, Miss Champagne. All right, thank you, Miss Champagne. And second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any council comment or discussion? Can you public comment a question or discussion? All right, Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Marlin. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. Congratulations. Congratulations, Miss Petrie. And I also want to take the opportunity to thank magistrate Budetti for his years of service to the citizens and the community of Youngsville. So Miss Petrie, look forward to having you sworn in prior to the next court this week. So thank you. Look forward to working with you. So yes, ma'am. Thank you. All right, 5.2 is appointment to the Youngsville Municipal Police Civil Service Board, representing the college list board member for the remainder of a term from a list of applicants submitted by Dr. E. Joseph Savo. President of the University of Louisiana Lafayette and a letter dated January 7th, 2025. Miss Champagne. Yes. That question for our clerk. I know that you've added or looked at the to make sure every all of these were able to serve. So what were you findings because I do see someone here that don't look like they live here any long. Only Mr. Tavelle is qualified for the partial term. Mr. Bares is no longer interested. Mr. Jake Abidi no longer lives within the city limits and Miss Sam Kelly is now a public servant. Thank you. At the appropriate time I'd like to motion. Mr. James Bubbissabill to service the interim on the civil service board. Yes, ma'am. Is there a second on Miss Champagne's motion? Me. All right. Miss Bares seconds. It's open for council discussion. Any public comment related to this appointment? All right. There's no public comment. We'll move to call the vote for the interim appointment. Miss Champagne. Yes. Miss Bares. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. All in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council. Jim. Item 5.3. Appointments. The young's will municipal police civil service board representing the college list board member for a three year term from a list of applicants submitted by Dr. E. Joseph Savoia, president of the University of Louisiana Latvia in a letter dated February 5th 2025. I'd like to if any of the candidates are here if they'd like to speak. May I? Yes, sir. How are you doing, sir? If you wouldn't mind coming forward and maybe identify yourself, of course, please. Thank you. My name is Randy Bannacore. I've been a resident of Young'sville for about 20 years. I have a passive experience of I was a retired railroad worker. I worked in the action investigation and the claims manager for a railroad. Five years ago, I retired and I became a private investigator license private investigator here in Louisiana. And if I am selected for the board, I'd be honest to serve. Well, thank you, Mr. Bannacore for being here and it's a appreciate you coming up to speak. Thank you. Is anyone else here that is on the list submitted by Dr. Savoia? I do have a question, File Clerk. I know that you you are submitted these names, but did you have an opportunity to look at these for this appointment after the correct all were eligible with the exception of Mr. David Dave Perret. He is on our fire board. Therefore, the State Office of Examiners Office, Dean that he could not serve. And what is the date that we have to make this appointment? Do you know that right now? 90 days from the expiration with February 18th, which is May 19th. I know Mr. Ducey when I did talk to him, he did tell me that he was he had prior obligations and he was not available tonight. He was out all week. Would we mayor our way? Would we just table this and move for another how could we because we have 90 days from the 18th to make the appointment? Since you are within the 90 days, it would be appropriate if you want to take additional time to learn more about your candidates. That would be appropriate. So simply you would move to defer or simply pass on this agenda item. May I have the appropriate time motion to defer? Okay, thank you, Ms. Champagne. I'll second. All right, there's a second by Council Member Bolgiano to second deferred. So we're going to be taking a vote on this. So is there any discussion from the Council? If there's no, just any public comment related to deferring this to a future meeting. Okay, if there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on the deferral. Ms. Barres? Yes. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Nylon? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. All in favor, motion approved. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Thank you, Ms. Cody Dutil. Okay, division B. I'm going to name a game. You said you were keeping the same one, which is Shannon Turner. Correct. Hannah. Okay, Mr. Nailin. Daniel Deville. Mm-hmm, and Miss Champagne. Mr. Dayo David. Got it. You have Mr. Romero's and Mr. Marrow did send me by mail. It's email. It's in the mail. In the packet, he is nominating Mr. Renominating Mr. Rocky Richard, or for division C's nomination. Okay, Council it said at your pleasure. You can you can move to accept them collectively. Or if you like to take them individually, you certainly are welcome to do that as well. Ms. Barres. I move to accept them collectively. All right. Thank you, Ms. Barres. Mr. Nailin, second or Ms. Nailin seconds. Is there any further council? discussion? Any public comment? Council is going to be rat. Yes, sir. Please come forward. Just a, from my now, is this a new rule? I'm not going to be with it. Yeah, no. So the question from the audience is this a new board? It's not. I was created by the City Council. Why 2009? But I could be wrong. I think it was after that. I think it was. It was after it was once I became the mayor. So it was sometimes after 2015, but in the first couple of years, I would. My answer would be about 2017. So all right. Yes, sir. All right. Is there any other public comment or question? Okay, Ms. Gidry. Please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. Right. It's a none 5.5 Rosalind Bowdoin is to is requesting approval to begin the annexation of track 8a 1, which is 1.015 acres. Continuous to 339. Barcliffe drive. Council, we haven't had an annexation request on a while. So for your for our new members and for the public benefit, annexations are done by ordinance. So they'll come before the council twice. But in order to begin that process, it does require quite a bit of labor, which is at the expense of the property owner that's petitioning to be annexed. That work involves surveying and it's a lot of shuffling a paper because there's registered voters there. It has to clear the register of voters office in multiple hurdles. So just as a best practice, what we've been doing as an administration is bringing it to you for consideration before the applicant goes through any significant expense other than just simply making a request of petition from us. So at your direction tonight, if you choose to approve moving forward, then we then the applicant will begin the expense and the process associated with moving forward. And we would move it towards an introductory ordinance in your packet. It would be the area that's highlighted in yellow. And as the description indicated on the title, it is contiguous. Basically, this is the property at the end of barcliffe road, barcliffe road is off of Giot road. It's near the end. And if you were looking at the corporate limits of the city of Young'sville, this is an unaccorporated pocket. It's an unaccorporated island. There's nothing on that property now. The landowner is wishing to, I think, move a mobile home onto the property, which would therefore they would be getting a city water, I think, as their ultimate goal to have. Unless somebody on the staff knows differently, I believe that's what they wanted to move in a mobile home, which you can move a mobile home into the incorporated area. You would just follow those guidelines. It's the same property owner that has the property. And so they had one piece of property in the city limits and one piece of property that was unaccorporated. They wanted all, they want to both of their pieces of property in the city. And yes, they're going to move a mobile home, I think, for the daughter on the second piece of property, but they wanted it all to be city. So there's no, there's nothing out there from the parish, but it is the same property owner. They're not dividing it, but it's, they just how the properties went part was in the city limits and part not, I don't know how that ever happened, but. Did we give them the ordinance on the mobile home ordinance? Yes, in fact, it's my appreciation that mobile homes are already been vetted. It is, it is basically at the within the final year that would be acceptable to permit. So, but yeah, they are. There's plenty of separation and everything for them to meet the ordinance. Yeah, I'm speaking about the age requirement. Yeah, Pam can tell you more. It's an additional acre property. So there's sufficient room to meet the enhanced setbacks. Any other comments or questions from the council? Okay, it's up to you if you'd like to make a motion to move forward to approve the beginning of the annexation process. All right, thank you, Mr. Volgiano. In second, by Mr. Nylon. Any other council comment or question, any public comment? Or a question? Okay, I'm a skidry please call the vote. This bar is. Yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, yes. Yes, yes. Motion approved. All right, as I mentioned, 5.6 is being has been removed and we'll be back at a later agenda. 5.7 is the bid review for the waterline interconnections when it invites Susan to come forward. While she's doing that, I'll say that the funding source for this is going to be for. We received a direct direct appropriation through one of the supplemental acts of the last state, the last regular session for $600,000. With no local match. That's my that's my understanding right in this case, no local no local match. And the purpose of this project is to basically move water that will be producing at our new water plant to serve areas south of the city. So it's basically to distribute it's to aid in the distribution of our new water that will be produced from the new water plant. Susan. Yeah, we received five beds. Our low bid. The estimate was 650,000. Our low bid was from Lula construction LLC for $568,486. We had three additive alternates for isolation valves in the downtown area. We recommended that alternate one, which is the installation of two eight inch. Isolation valves on school street and fourth street. We recommended that additive alternate be accepted. So the resulting total contract price would be $596,086, which is within the $600,000 funding. And for members of public this because this bid opening was this week, this is not in. If you're viewing. I forgot to mention the beginning, but there's a QR code on the side of the. Side of the room that you can scan it. It takes you directly to the to the same packet that our council members are looking at. Within that packet, these bid estimates have did not make the packet distribution because bids were open this week. But we do have copies of those bids here at the front. But Mr. Trahan, if anyone would like a copy. Right. It's up for council action. We at the at the appropriate time. Well, while you all are reviewing, I'll also I'll just share that the isolation valves are give us more flexibility and controlling up when there's a water break, a water line repair that needs when we can isolate. You know, that particular area that's less people that may be affected by an outage that also gives us greater opportunity. Since we do operate to water systems, if we need to, you know, change. I redirect the flow of the distribution from our water systems, you know, in limited events when we may have to do that. That's the purpose of the isolation by and our new developments. We require isolation valves. They're pretty standard with new development that we're accepting through private infrastructure. So this area that the that we're adding isolation valves are in the original part of our city when isolation valves weren't as commonplace. All right, Mr. Volgiana. Make a motion to proceed with the lowest construction. Including alternate one. Yes, including all. I'm sorry. I did not notice. I'm assuming that we that this was budgeted, but in the event that it wasn't. Should we. I'm in the budget accordingly. I mean, it is it is going to be grant revenue coming in. It's no, it's grant revenue coming in that we would be. Yeah, let's do that because this group probably came in after. Correct. Yeah. Okay. So be accepting the accepting the bid alternate one and many the budget accordingly. So make a motion to accept the ultimate bid one and a minute of motion accordingly. All right. Thank you. Ms. Barra is comfortable seconding. All right. Thank you, ma'am. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or question? Any discussion? All right. That pretty quick turnaround on this work. Mr. Gidry, please call the vote. If I can get to work, Ms. Barra is. Mr. Volgiana. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Motion approved. Anything else Susan? No, I mean, I spoke to the contractor. They're ready to go. Very quickly, which is great because. Oh, he's here. Oh, okay. All right. Well, looking forward to working with you. So congratulations. They're ready to go. So awesome. Good. Yeah. Well, we're excited about it. So thank you and looking forward to working with you, sir. All right. We're good. All right. Thank you. All right. 5.8. Discuss and consider amending the 2024 2025 Young's Police Department budget. Any amount of 24,500 to provide funding for a roof replacement and painting at 304th Street. There's a quote in your packet, counsel, for that. This. My understanding is that we did get a couple of quotes. Chief. Yeah. All right. Mr. Volgiana. Yeah. I'd like to make a motion to go ahead and proceed with coastal construction to get the roof replaced. As well as the exterior painting. I spoke with chief about this last week or two. And when I had to go to the building myself and some disrepair, it's been neglected for a while. So I think it's going to be a good addition. So I'll get done. Perfect. All right. Mr. Shampon. Second. All right. Mr. Shampon. Seconds. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? This is how all the roof is. It's we haven't replaced it to my knowledge. So not not during my time. I mean, it's possible. It's the original. It's the original one. I think. Does it you have a. Yeah. And I don't know offhand. You know of hand from the plaque in the front when when we dedicated that building. I want to say sometime in the 90s. Yeah. That's what. Okay. All right. Any other comment or question? All right. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry. Please call the. Ms. Shampon. Yes. Ms. Barrett. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nyland. All right. Thank you. And. In chief, we'll probably need to just make sure through through Catherine's office that we have the. There's any additional paperwork, probably like a W nine or the few other insurance. Yeah. And then we'll be good to go. Sounds good. All right. 5.9 is to discuss and consider many the 2024 2025 budget and the amount of $2 million for design and land acquisition for the LWI. Anzlem Kool-E regional retention pond project to be fully funded by the Louisiana water shed initiative grant program. I'll let Pam maybe say a few words about it. Try that again. I think I've given updates every month with regards to this. I think we've just never realized the grant and the in the budget. But this is 100% paid for out of the money that came from the 2016 flood through LWI. So there were two pots of money that came to the state. One was the HMGP money, which is what your other detention pods were paid for. And this is through money that came in through HUD. And so that's what's paying for the Anzlem Kool-E regional detention pond. We are about 90%. So complete with the plans that we have worked with them. So we've submitted our plans. We've submitted our drainage study, got comments back. We just resubmitted again today. We're basically waiting on a core permit. Once we have the core permit, all of our environmental will be done. And they will give us when they approve that we get permission to start buying the land. So we need to be in the position to be able to start negotiating to buy to purchase the land again 100% paid for by the federal government and OCD, which is going to be the ones that minister in there much quicker than go. Yeah, that's that was a big question that I had. Mr. Paul John. Motion to accept. Second. All right, Ms. Sean Pine seconds for the public's benefit. This is Anzlem Kool-E's what which drains the western side of our city that is. So who would benefit or who's impacted by this? It's South Lake. Windom here. Route night two area. St. Blaze. So all of that on 92 go in west. So this when we when we made the grant applications for the HMGP projects, which is what funded our seven other regional ponds while we were waiting on those projects on our other two major drainage channels. The the Anzlem Kool-E's where Terry and I did do a lot of work. That's so an Anzlem is where you have the the veterans drainage pond project the the now bark park drainage pond project the Louisiana gym drainage pond project. I think that's it. Yeah, so this is going to compliment that even further. It's about 20 acres. 20 acres. Yes. 20 acres. So it in we're looking to modeling that Pam stunts in the vicinity. Near the veterans park. You know that yeah, the Anzlem Kool-E kind of crosses route or highway 92. Yeah, we still we still have to you know go through the land process, but that's that's kind of the area that we're that it would this would be targeting the Anzlem Kool-E then crosses behind like South Lake crosses at that car lot at Verod and goes into Milton eventually drains out to the Vermillion River. Yes, this is basically going to be located west of ascension property west of Seater Hills. All right, thank you Pam any public comment or any any council questions or clarity on this. So we would be basically this is a reimbursement program. So we will be submitting expenses in including the design. That's correct. Yeah design land acquisition and construction. So all right, Ms. Gidry please call the police. This bar is yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, Mr. Miley. Yes, Miss Champagne. Motion approved. All right, thank you. 5.10 is discussed and consider many the 2024 2025 budget any amount of 500,000 to appropriate funding for the highway 92 Prescott Boulevard roundabout project to be reimbursed by capital outlay grant funding. This is money that was already allocated in the previous years capital outlay program. I believe it's a direct appropriate another direct appropriation. But we are at a point within the design that I'd like to be able to start reimbursed in our consultant for the design work. So we'll be seeking future funding to for the construction. That's correct. All right. So we're going to be able to get the budget done. Yes, Mr. Champagne. Motion to move, but that was my question. How far are we on that project? Yeah, about 50% all of our surveys done. We've got our alignment. We started doing plans and we also have our technical boardings and a report. We just received for our payment thickness design. So we're pretty far along. Thank you. My friend Vincent's in the audience who used to be on all those committees. So good seeing you. Thank you for being here. Mayor Boulay's liaison to local government. Ms. Volgiano. I'll second. I can. All right. Thank you. Sorry. Any council comment or question? Any comments or questions from the public capital outlay is it's 80 20 or 75 25. 75 25. I mean, 75% of it's funded by the state. So. All right. If there's no comment or question, Mr. Gideon please call. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Nailin. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. All right. Thank you. Council. Five point. 5.2011 discuss and consider amending the 2024 2025 budget in the amount of 8,000 5. Excuse me 8,000 55 dollars to facilitate funding for the Akaneana criminalistics laboratory district and the court. And the council of the city of the city with city resolution. 2022 19. Council of the city council in 2022 passed a resolution. The Akaneana crime lab is funded by capital outlay dollars. And at the time there was a request from I believe is the district attorney for everyone that would be utilizing that crime lab to contribute to the matching funds similar matching fund requirement to what I just alluded to for the round about project. So that local that local match was being procrated by every I guess community that would be utilizing this project. So there's the the previous council agreed to it. But now they're they're asking for collection of it and we don't have it in the budget. We didn't put it in the budget. I didn't know when that was coming to. Ms. Boris. I make a motion. All right. Thank you, ma'am. Mr. Nailin. Second. All right. Thank you. Sir any public comment or question. If there's no comment or question, Ms. Gajard please call the vote. Mr. Nailin. Yes. Michelle Pine. Yes. Ms. Boris. Yes. Well, it was impressive. Yes. The tongue tongue motion approved. All right. Thanks, council. 6.1 resolution 2025. 02. A resolution authorized in the mayor. The city of Youngsood executed grant agreement between the US Department of Transportation. The federal administration. The federal highway administration in the city of Youngsood under the fiscal year 2024. Safe streets and roads for all SS for a grant program applicable to the Young Street intersection safety improvements and improving at 25% and recipient share. We've previously announced that this is just allowing us to shuffle all the paperwork necessary with it. Ms. Boris. Is this the one that Bruce or Lafayette Young's bill? Great question. Yes. This is the intersection improvement at the at the four way stop sign of Young and we're north and south of the Riviera meet. It's grant application, the projected cost of the improvement. The current engineer estimate is 3.7 million which is basically 700,000 of a local match that 700,000 of a local match would be shared 75% Young's bill 25% city of Bruce art and then as a credit to both of our shares, the landowner. We've got that intersection where has agreed to donate the required right away or the anticipated right away. So the value of that land donation will then go towards our 25% match and it will be the way the agreement's drafted now is at 75% of that credit. Young's bill share 25% of it will go to Bruce art share. So that's right. That's correct. Yeah, that's right. So, Ms. Champagne. Oh, sorry. Did you know you had a question to make a motion? No, I'll make a motion though. Thank you. Ms. Champagne seconds. Any public comment, question or discussion? Right. There's no comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne. Yes. Ms. Barrett. Yes. Mr. Vologiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Motion approved. 6.2 resolution 2020503 resolution of the city of Young's will declaring to Ford explores from the city of Young's will police department. As surplus property and authorizing the mayor to donate the vehicles to the town of Baldwin police department in accordance with Louisiana Revised Statute 38 23 19 21 police units. I'm sorry. She told me said they needed some units there. There are the ones were unrepairable. So asked if they have any units were getting rid of any asked if we could donate a couple to their department. So, I think the units council that are the replace these units over the last. I don't know time period. I was going to say a couple of years. I don't know if that's factually correct these units have just been really sitting on four street and a bizarre desire to surplus them. Yeah, there's down decommissioned units. Most of them have over 100,000 miles. The cost per mile was getting accessible in the units so the decommissioned them. All right. Mr. Vologiano. It's a motion to prove resolution. 2025-03. Thank you. Sir. Mr. Champagne. I have a question. Yes, ma'am. Is this all of them or do we still have other vehicles on that lot? We still have a couple other vehicles on the lot. In the next item, I think that's coming up. They have three that are we sold to generate. And my one going to Milton fire department is it possibly and two other two other older explorers and a gem car that's unrepairable. I think that's the part for anymore. That would be one auction. Okay. Thank you. So we're looking at tonight would be five, five of them. Yes. Yeah. The gym. That's the. Yeah, they tried to bring it to the shop to get repaired. They say don't make parts for it anymore. So it's. You can't drive it. That was something that was bought second hand. Yeah. A few years. Quite a while now. I mean, Champagne. It's that that's satisfying. Yes, sir. Thank you. Yes, Barra. Yeah, I'm just curious. So in total in these, it looks like we're getting rid of approximately seven explorers. How many patrol cars do we have and how many patrolmen do we have? Do we have enough vehicles? Yes, we do have enough vehicles. These were already the commission before I got there. Okay. All right. Let's see. I know Mr. Volgiano's second. I'm sorry. Made a motion. Is there a second? I was second. All right. Miss Champagne seconds. Any council further council comment or discussion? Any public comment or question about this agenda item? All right. Miss Gidry. Please call the vote. Miss Faras. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. All right. 6.3 resolution 2025. 04 resolution of the city of Young'sville declaring movable property is surplus and assignment for internet auction. I don't know if we gave this is this was the car that we put information about this details some bumpers or some accessories. Yeah. Some old lighting and stuff like that that is vehicle specific specific that came off a sold old crown before units and some other older units. I was handed over. I think it's two push bumpers. It's in here. That was the only other equipment I was given. Yeah. All right. I would like to make a substitute in motion to this resolution to adopt the resolution 2025 as 0 4 is amended to declare unit number 23 is surplus property and authorized the mayor to donate vehicle. As is where is the Milton Far Department in ordinance Louisiana revised statute 38 23 19.21. I think your policy that just business mesures tres 일단. EI, you know there's three units that we're going to internet auction.fer. Protestant and. The others internet. Okay. in the little gym and two push bumpers. We'll go to auction and then unit number 23 is gonna go to Milton Fire Department, donating. Yeah, they had one of the assistant chiefs or captains had reached out, asked if we had any units available. Just so happen to be, this was on the agent tonight. They wanted to use one for a medical unit for squadron purposes. So being that they're low in funding, a contacted chief and Nicole. So number 23, the older, the 2014. You know what I got you. All right, any comments or questions from the council on that? Ms. Barras, do you hear that? No, it was a second. Okay, all right, Ms. Barras, seconds, Mr. Boljana, all right, the new, the new resolution, or is modifying the resolution. All right. Any council comment? Any public comment? Everybody clear on what we're doing? All right, schedule, please call the vote. Mr. Boljana, Mr. Miley, Ms. Shyamhan, Ms. Barras, yes, motion approved. Director. All right, 6.4 resolution, 2024, 05 resolution of the city of Yungzo declaring three. Sorry, sorry. Declaring three, four, it explores from the Yungzo police department as surplus property and authorizing the sale of such surplus property to the city of generate police department in accordance with Louisiana Revised Statute 38, 2319, 21 police units. These were also decommissioned? What was the question? These were also decommissioned? Yes, ma'am, they're all completely stripped out. Okay, I made a mistake earlier. I said 5, Shannon, you were from as far as you were right, you said 7. Yes. 7 vehicles all day. Totally. We'll plus the little gym car. Plus the little gym. Yeah, yeah, okay. All right. Ms. Volgiano. Oh, I'm making motion. All right, thank you, sir. Ms. Barres. Second. All right. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Question. All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Narlan? Yes. Ms. Shalpai. Yes. Ms. Volgiano. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, guys. Pam, you want to, Pam, you want to, any update? And then we'll go to Susan. No. Am I on? Highway 89. The contractor is currently working in front. I'm sure you guys have seen in front of meshes to try to finish up that east additional lane with all of the base and the subgrade on the west side. We have the gas line. Center point is relocating the gas line. So I apologize that sometimes people will be stopped in multiple, but we actually have the center points out there relocating gas lines on the west side and AT&T is also relocating a line near hard to form. So both of those are working independent of our operation, but we need them out of the way so that we can move to the west side. So that project is going along well. Fortune road, about 75% complete. I'm sure you can start seeing the concrete as it is being poured in the roundabout portion of the road. So I think people can start seeing that from Highway 89. And so we're still on schedule to hopefully open that up late spring early summer. Highway 92, Prescott, as I mentioned earlier, about 50% of the road is done with design and is low 90% done. We also submitted the Highway 92 for the raise grant on June 30th. I mean January 30th, it probably feels like June because five days before it was due, the new administration changed all of the requirements on the grant. So I think it was probably to see like if you're willing to change your grant application in five days, then we'll give you some additional money. We did it. For some federal money. Yes, we did. We had three hours of Sparrow Nicole before we pressed submit. So anyway, so we resubmitted that. But with the new conditions, they actually play more in a favor for a community like Youngsville. And Shemay Agriop, no change since last time. We're going to get back on that. But we've been working a lot on the 89th fortune stuff to keep that moving along. Yeah. Thank you. So we're going to, Shemay Agriop, one, we do have direct, we have money that we have available now from the state to work on that. So we're going to, we're going to, we'll have to discuss how we're going to approach it, you know. But that, we've got our Geotechnical report back in. And so we have enough to be able to do our phase one now to do the design on the phase one. Okay. The next phases. The, the grant application that Pam's referring to, thank you for doing it again. We, her office did it last year. And we were, we were not selected, but we went through the debriefing of it and learned how to make it pass muster. But a lot of the buzzwords, if you will, of, I think the Biden administration that we were prepared to insert in all kind of, went away. So that's why it was the last minute scramble and Pam's correct. It'll be, I think, hopefully more favorable because it is a great project. This is the widening of East Milton, a boulevard. So excited about seeing in that something that we'll hopefully know around June. Yes, right. If that doesn't go through, then what we're going to do is, I'm going to, it's going to be my recommendation that we move forward with, with doing a couple of churning lanes to facilitate better movement of traffic along East Milton. So potential spots might be Metery Center, South St. Blaze around Brookdale or Field Crest. Just basically as an interim solution, we'll continue seeking grant opportunities for the long-term fix. But I think we, we have a pretty good path forward. You know, so but optimistically, we'll be selected for the, for the grant to go around. Did you mention the revier? Yeah. Complaints got up. Oh, revier. It did yesterday. Believe it or not. We finally made it. We there were seven bidders. Glen Leijay was the apparent low bidder. And so we are working through some things with regards to the MPO funding. And they will wait to award to get word from Youngstill as far as forwarding. But the highest bidder was like 60 million. So there was double the cost between the low bidder and the, and the highest bidder. Yeah. Yeah. So but that is exciting. I mean, we've been trying to get to that point for a very long time. So now once recommended or if recommended, then it'll move forward. You probably see construction starting in about three to four months due to the TD taking a little bit longer. Yeah. And that project, Pam, I'd recommend it a 12 month construction timeline. I guess plus built-in weather days. But the, the, the TD reduced it to be a nine months because it will be a, it will be a disruptive project because that's a complete bridge replacement on La Rivière. And it's a lot of work. A lot of drainage work down there. So. All right. Thank you, Pam. Susan. Um, on the wastewater treatment plant upgrade, um, we're revising the plans, resubmitting to LDH and DQ. And we still hope to advertise in early March. Um, pump station four, about 10% complete the wet well and valve bidder in. They're working on the electrical. Um, so that's going, going well. They're waiting pump delivery. Um, pump station three, the pump equipment delivery has been delayed and they expected an April. Uh, the water plant is about 44% complete. Um, you can see the building is going up and taking shape. Um, they're working on the gate installation. We've discussed with them securing the site for mardi grow. We talked about that in the progress meeting. So we're going to have them work on that. Make sure it's all secure before, before the parade. Um, the generator's been installed. We're still expecting completion in September. Sugar mopon. We're working through some, um, property line issues. We're working with triad on that. Try to get that all resolved. So we know what servitude we have to secure for the new force main. The water line connections. That was a warning. We're working on that. We're trying to get a handle on how to upgrade that pump station, but that's moving forward. Any, any questions for Susan or Pam or anything infrastructure related? All right. Yeah. All great stuff. Lots of moving pieces. Thank you. Appreciate Susan. Tim, we excuse from the meeting tonight. They're trying to knock out all the plays. We're going to have a conversation. Tim, we excuse from the meeting tonight. They're trying to knock out all the play evaluations for our Red Program, which is starting with weather with potential inclement weather this weekend. We wanted to, I wanted him to. Kids were more important. So, but he has a report in the packet with it. Everything there. So, um, a lot of, a lot of great stuff happened in there. We're looking forward to hosting the Marty Gromombo. Um, in just a couple of weeks. Um, I'm going to be able to open for any council announcements or any other business that you might have. Mr. Nylon. Oh, yeah. So, February is National Heart Health Month. Um, me personally being in health care. Obviously, heart disease is leading cause of death in Americans, especially in South Louisiana. Um, so if you haven't been, you know, staying on top of your, you know, annual physicals and check in with your cardiologist. February is a great month to get on top of that. Um, I mentioned last time about the Healthy Kids Running Series. That's going to be kicking off in March. Uh, it is five weeks of races. It starts March 9th. That's the first date. It's for two years old up to seniors in high school. And they have a challenger series this year. It's for children with disabilities and special needs. Uh, they do a 75 yard dash. Um, it can be assisted by parents, caregivers, or whomever. So, I think that's a really cool addition. Um, and they were awarded the best, uh, new program, um, with the Healthy Kids Running Series cause it's a national organization. So they had received that award for Youngsville, which I thought was pretty awesome. Um, and then Youngsville Chamber of Commerce, they're kicking off their, uh, former's market at Foster Park. It's going to be 8 a.m. to noon. Uh, their first week is going to be, uh, March 8th. Um, it's a Saturday. And then I know we have to implement weather this weekend. Um, I'm a UL alumni. I'm a UL sophomore and baseball. I'll be playing Friday through the weekend. So they got a break in the rain. Go out there and support your Cajuns. Um, and then just the last thing for people, uh, that I've been kind of noticing. Bike lanes are not for, uh, passing vehicles that are trying to turn on, uh, Schumann. I've noticed that's a big problem in front of prodigy and arcus stadium. Uh, so I know we all tend to get in a rush, but please do not use the bike lanes to pass people when they're trying to turn, especially in and out of the daycare. And you have high school students that walk from Arca to Arca. And they're using those bike lanes to walk in. We don't want an accident like that from happening. So please, let's, uh, show some patience. Thank you. So, uh, a couple thoughts. One, it's a reminder to me. We met with a great, a brilliant student at ascension that I owe a call back to. So mental, mental note. I need to, uh, you need to get back to him. I gave some of the information, uh, our major aware of it, I think, because someone, uh, unbeknownst to Pam, someone in our office, you know, it was working with them. Uh, but he came in, in, in met with me. He was extremely passionate about how to make our bike lanes safer. Uh, came met with me. He was extremely prepared. And, um, I owe him a follow-up, because I'd love to invite him here to a meeting, uh, because as we prepare for our upcoming budget, which would start July 1st, um, he went as far as getting engineering estimates and things like that. So, uh, I think that there may be some tangible takeaways, even if it's not, uh, you know, going to the extent that he would like, even an awareness campaign, I think would go a long way. And I know that, uh, with his help, um, I think that it would, you'd have a great partner there to work together and try to get it done. So, I'm going to touch base with him and see if we can invite him back to a future meeting and share his, his research with us. Um, and then also I, I just, I, I didn't intend to do this, but I would do want to commend you, um, Nick, because, uh, there was a, there was a medical issue at our sports complex in the early morning hours, uh, since we've met last, and, uh, group of guys were at the sports complex doing a workout routine. And one of the, uh, one of the, uh, participants went into cardiac arrest and, uh, Nick was, uh, there, uh, in the group working out. Wasn't there, you know, I wasn't there, but what I, what I understood from others that were, that you sprang into action, you took charge of the situation, and, um, led a group of chest compressions. Um, fortunately we have an AED, several AEDs throughout the facility. Um, Nick and his, uh, Nick and the group that he was with, um, did chest compressions, exercised AED until our first responders, fire, uh, police, and a Katie and Kee get there, transported the gentleman, uh, and he is safe and recovering. Um, but I just certainly just want to commend you, um, while, uh, you know, when you were telling me the story, I was initially relieved, I was proud, but I, and then I was also, I was also relieved to know that, um, the AEDs were, were accessible, available in and working order, uh, so much so to where I came back to the office here and, uh, just, we discussed it as a, as a, as a staff about how we want to look at putting them in this facility as well, because at this time we don't have, we don't have one here, so, um, in my, in my previous business, we had them at our gyms, and I, I know that seconds matter, so, um, thank you for what you did, and, uh, being in the right place at the right time, and, uh, if something like that ever happens to me, I hope it doesn't, but I hope I'm as fortunate to be surrounded by, by, uh, good Samaritan, so thank you for what you did, then. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, Dean is normally pretty good, you know, about recognizing, so I think at the appropriate time, and I will probably have the first responders, so I, I don't want to get ahead of it, but I, uh, I know that, you know, just, just may not be the last we hear about it, so thank you. This is Hailey. Yeah. All right. Uh, I just, I wanted to, uh, re-inarrate about the farmers market. The vendor applications are open, so please spread the word if you know anyone that, um, has produce products, uh, please have them go and sign up, um, on, it's through the Chambers website, so youngsvillechamber.com, um, go, there's a tab at the top for the farmers market, so it's easy to get to, um, so applications are going to be open until, I believe it's February 28th. Um, and then the first, uh, first farmers market will be on March 8th, 8th, to noon, uh, again at Foster Park. Also, um, I wanted to bring up, it's on the city's Facebook page. It's pinned at the top, but we are, uh, working on trying to collect responses for the Louisiana Development, uh, ready community survey. So please go, uh, on our Facebook page, I'm also going to have Nicole add the link into the minutes for this meeting, um, but there is a survey, it'll be available. We would like all responses back again, February 28th, big date. Um, so it, it's basically part of the process for us to receive the, uh, Louisiana Development, ready community designation through Louisiana Economic Development. So feedback from residents, business owners, or anyone who works in the city would be greatly appreciated. So please go and fill that out. Just takes a couple minutes. It's 10 questions. Thank you. Thank you. On that and for everything that you're doing to spearhead that, Haley represented, uh, me, all of us at a, at a conference for, um, retail developers, uh, for the region. And, um, I mean, just here in some of the meetings she had and his continuing to have has been, um, beneficial. So very beneficial for all of us. So thank you very much. Miss Shoplion. Thank you, Mayor. Uh, just, I will things. First of all, I, I just want to say what a wonderful month we had, uh, from our last meeting. We had a blizzard, a snow storm where we all got to enjoy our families and stay in and stay cozy. And I just thought it was just beautiful and some of the people that I hear because it was really a family time. I find you couldn't do anything else. Our busy lives came to a halt for three days. Uh, also I want to thank, uh, shelling for bringing the Clyde stales out. So we also got to do that this month in Youngsville. Enjoy the Clyde stales. Now, in saying that, I do want to acknowledge, uh, our public works department and our water guys. Because while we were home enjoying the snow and doing our snow angels outside and staying cozy, we had public works and our water people out on walking to work. I'm the mayor share that picture. That's a postcard picture, ma'am. Uh, but I, please related them that we all thank them for doing that. It's also my understanding that L.U.S. is going to have a report in 30 days on some of the problems that we experience. I look forward to hearing that, uh, report. Applications are still open for leadership until March 7th, I believe. So if anyone's interested in applying for leadership, it's a wonderful program. I encourage you to do that and applications are open to March 7th. That's a chamber. You can send those to a chamber of commerce. I want to wish everyone a happy Valentine's Day and have fun from Madigra. Thank you, Mr. Pining. It's going to be before we come back. Yeah, it will be just a comment about that yet. Yes, L.U.S. is mayor president Boulay reported that there would be a full report in within 30 days of that. That incident that did an after-action briefing. So we look forward to hearing that. I'm happy to, at that time, you know, discuss any topic or anything related to that incident, you know, about, you know, what worked right where we still have room for improvement. Of course, you know, we all in this room know about the, you know, the benefit of the water plant there. So I'm always proud to talk about our infrastructure. So happy to, to happy to discuss any of that about, you know, how, how things, you know, where we see our room for opportunity, what worked, what worked well, and what will be different next time. And I'm proud to talk about infrastructure, but I'm always more proud to talk about the team and the staff. That was a stressful couple of days. Tuesday was great. Wednesday got to be a little stressful. Terry, I want to commend you, you know, from an operations standpoint. I couldn't be prouder of the entire team. Alex is normally here at our meetings, but he was in a very important meeting with me earlier today. So he didn't need to come today tonight. And I was with the, Lyndy and I were with the principal of Southside High School last night. And she randomly took the opportunity to compliment Alex in his communication with her during the weather event because of a leak or whatever the issue was. I really didn't get in granular about it, but she was very complimentary about them. While she was spotlighting him and while I'm talking about him now, I was just so proud of, you know, my call to Terry was we have to figure out how to, you know, make some passages through this community safe. And, you know, some, I would say some cage and ingenuity came into place. Terry brought out his best operators with front loaders and got to work. I also want to take opportunity to, to thank Glenn Lajay construction. It's a construction company that's based here in Young'sville. If you don't know the name, they're, they're, they're very humble people. But if you don't, if you don't know the name, you, you may know it, but just from here and a lot of our reports because, because they are here locally, they do win a lot of our competitively bid projects. But I placed one phone call during the event to Glenn Lajay construction and other response was, what do you need? How can I help? And for you and for Young'sville, we're glad to rise to the occasion. So while I want to commend them for coming and augmenting and complimenting. Terry's team, I think the best benefit for the taxpayer of Young'sville was the call I received after the event when, when they called to tell me that they would not be charging the taxpayer of Young'sville for their services that day. And I'm bringing it up now because I forgot to, I intended to compliment them through, through social media, like real time as it was happening. By the time I thought of it, we were so far removed from the snow at all melted. So I want to take the opportunity to thank them now. And, and as an organization while I'm talking about water and infrastructure and things like that now, you know, internally with Nicole's help, Terry's help, Catherine Haley. I mean, we did a, we did a lot of discussion and, you know, basically about how we could be at our best to serve, you know, the constituents of our community in the event that there's ever another event like that. So while we have more topics about water that we'll discuss, if I forget to discuss besides water, I mean, how could we, during COVID, we stood up a plan very quickly on how to work at it. How to, how to, how to, how to, how to video our city council meetings and all the things like that and how to work from home. So it was kind of a good trial run for us to realize like, hey, what's still working right? Where do we need to tweak? What do we need to do? We, we're now proud to have LUS five right here, but we knew how, we knew what to do in Cox on some things with that we did not do an LUS just as an example. And those are things that we've sharpened our tool with and will be stronger and better positions to serve you. Whatever the opportunity comes next time for us to rise to. So thank you all, Mr. Volgiano. Yeah, try to keep it short. I don't want to break the point to Terry, but I want to come in your crew for that as well. I think we're, I think I'm exceptionally proud to know we have you leading, you know, not only that department, but here within the city. And a lot of communities dealt with quite a bit of problems. And I feel like we always say we, you always lead your group to a top tier operation, no matter how small or big it is, whether it's barricades water. So exceptionally proud of that. And then Nick brought up a great point with heart association and the heart awareness month. I think it's a great thing never to get your kids is not never too early to get them involved in understanding the proper procedure when things like that happen. And let alone ourselves just to familiarize ourselves where they 80s are located at. You're always looking at a minimum of four to nine minutes before first responders are going to get there. And this first five minutes of crucial to get oxygen at the brain. So that's a key thing on saving saving a life. And I'm pretty sure that the Healthy Heart Association has a program that the KJDOM I think it's free annually. So maybe we can try to get that date we can publish on the city's website to get to the residents. And then last night, I had the privilege of the mayor judging the YMS talent show. I got to attend last year, which is where I went to middle school. So it was great to be invited to do that. Very excited to see how much talent we have just here on our own city. These kids are super talented, whether it was piano, they were singing. Last year was dancing, I believe, but there's a lot of a lot of talented kids here. And I was proud to enjoy that that night. I think it was Jalen, the one first place and Oliver, the one second, one with a piano, a jazz routine, who honestly, that blew me away. It was, it was insane. Better than anyone I've seen as a grown adult. So Kudos to him and excited to see where he goes with his musical career. And Oliver had a great voice with his rendition of a custom song that they wrote. So Kudos to them. And then obviously everyone have a safe and happy Valentine's Day. And basically for Mordy Girl, looking forward to seeing you all out there. You mentioned barricades. Barricades are going to start being dropped out along, along parts of the route next week. At some point, we have a lot of, our team has a lot of work to do in a short window of time. Not just limited to barricades, but it does also coincide with the time that we try to push our water bills out, which requires a lot of, we have an automatic meter reading system, but there's a lot of meters that we have to go and do manually, you know, just so that manual reading. And we also have our debris pick up that week. So what we start dropping barricades out, we just ask for the public's patience. And we generally get them picked up pretty quick. So just bear with us and looking forward to seeing everybody at the Youngsville Mordy Girl Parade March 1st at 11 a.m. So any other business, any other comments before the Council this evening, anything from the public? All right. All right, Mr. Bulljano, motions to adjourn. Is there a second? Ms. Champagne? All in favor? All right. All right, meeting adjourned. Have a great evening. I'd like that.