to the property value of the neighborhood? One of the things that struck me, look, these photographs aren't arranged in any particular order. So, you'll be able to make your own decisions as to how you feel about the various photographs. One of the things that struck me when I'm visiting that neighborhood is the abundance of trees and vegetation. I keep in mind the maps we just showed that some of most of this area was developed before 1939. Before I talked to John Bruce or today, and John told me that his first development was... The first subdivision was Copperfield, and he couldn't remember the dates either, but he thought it was in the 80s. So, up until the 80s, almost everything around Youngsville was what? There was sugar cane. There were no trees. And so, you go to Copperfield, you go to Copper Meadow, and you go to pretty much all of the subdivisions around Youngsville. There's no trees, except trees that were planted after the subdivision was started. The exception is this neighborhood. There's beautiful trees, there's mature trees, and not just trees. There's a lot of vegetation. Look at this particular house, beautiful vegetation behind it, but also in front of it. There's a mix of housing types. This particular house is... I call it a pre-World War II building. So, pre-1940s. It's wood framed, wood siding, built on piers. Some of the other houses that we'll look at, some of them are brick, some of them are wood siding, but they're built on the slab. They're ranch-style. They're very horizontal forms. They're... It's a style that we call a ranch-style. Very horizontal, but the big difference is it's built on the slab. We'll see some of that as we go through here. Look at this little house. The gable-land, there's brackets of there holding up that extension of the roof. Look at that front roof. It's got a gentle slope to it. It's a fine house. It's a really a nice house. And would I ask myself, what does that do to the property values around it? I'll let you answer that question. I'll let you answer the question again. You know, this is an unusual. Another, a nineteen-pre, nineteen-forties, well-built, well-maintained, well-loved. Somebody loves this house. It's taking good care of it. This is a new... I'm told this is a new structure, but it fits. It fits the neighborhood. It's got some... I call this sort of a cadian architecture, that roof, that slope, that real steep slope roof. Very neat. And I'm told it's relatively new. The streets are interesting too, because they're not real wide. And so they're not asking for a lot of traffic. There are sidewalks in parts of the neighborhood, but not everywhere. Some places, there's a sidewalk on one side, and not on the other side. So it's a little inconsistent, but there are some sidewalks. Overhead utilities, or overhead power lines. This old girl gives