it. Mr. Loseby. I guess let me just make a general comment. I know we'll have some counsel discussion. I kind of talked about just briefly even if all the ordinances were met that you'd still be here in this development. I think really yes, Mr. Loseby is correct. I mean the question before you tonight is really specific to the variances on setbacks. And do you do you want to consider if this pre development based on how this pre development meeting goes tonight, should it result in a subdivision of the property we would follow the normal process. You know, they are with you know, doing the public notification and things like that before you get to involved in it. This is a pre development meeting just basically to discuss it. I think one of the other questions, one of the questions I think for the council just as a community that we really have to give some consideration to is there is a lot of development interest in this particular area of our community. It's the heart of our city. And you know, we really I'm excited about the betterment opportunities there. Of course, I think the avenue A revitalization is going to be nice. I know they're marketing them for sale now. The price for square foot I believe is probably more than I could sell my house for. So, but you know, for the council to know, I mean, not only do you have avenue A, you also have at the end of Eugene street recall the up on the Vietar former Vietar house, you have some town home product there. You also have the corner at fourth street across from the fourth street police department at Foster Park. You recently heard a project there. And then I think since then we've also heard we've there's been some interest that have come up for fifth street in church. There was a property that just went on the market on first street and it went under contract the same day. So I think these conversations are really going to continue. So I know this isn't this agenda item, but later in the agenda, I'm asking you to read to consider perhaps some revisions to the land use ordinance. So perhaps this is part of that conversation to as this area is revitalized. You know, what do you really see it becoming. And then with that type of direction, you know, the administration will know, you know, how to really guide these type of inquiries, you know, as we get them in the future. So miss Shumpan, the floor source man. Thank you, Mayor. Welcome. Thank you all for wanting to invest in youngsville. We do appreciate it. And we love revitalization. Revitalization when it makes sense. So I do have questions. I see where the lot is 82 feet wide and you want to put three homes on it to a 27 one at 28 or