And that will be decided later this month at a conference in Alexandria so hopefully we'll have better hopefully we'll have good news to report on that next month because I hopefully the scoring criteria agrees that it's a great project for for the community. Thanks Sarah. Thanks. Appreciate it. Tim. Thanks. Under under sports programs right now the YSC indoor girls volleyball registration has opened we had about four hundred four hundred eighty girls last year. YSC indoor volleyball camps registration is open we had over 200 girls and those camps last sessions. Delt saltball registration is open we had 71 teams last year. Sugar Beach a double volleyball summer league continues with the hundred sixty teams F&A flag football fall registration is open we had nine hundred and eighty players and that league last fall. The Shetland Pinto boys which are six six on six you and eight you the world series opening ceremonies will be held at you El Russo Park Field next Monday July 19th at nine a.m. Games begin later that day starting at 2 p.m. Our YSC American and national Shetland and Pinto teams will be playing in the world series. There will be 20 teams in each age group for a total of 40 teams from Louisiana, Texas and Florida. The Mustang boys 10 you world series the breakfast banquet will be on Friday July 28th at nine a.m. at the Rec Center for teams and parents. The opening ceremonies will take place later that day on Southern air field at 4.30 p.m. There are eight teams in the tournament international teams include Japan, Ecuador and Mexico. The other teams include our YSC host team and four other teams from across the United States. Our current leadership class will take part in the banquet opening ceremonies and a presentation to them on sports and tourism. The pony boys 14 you zone tournament will be taking place at the same time as the Mustang world series that will be 16 teams from Louisiana, Texas and Florida in that tournament. Under the Rec Center all our pickle ball council and agent and free play continues all the summer basketball camps and tournaments will be coming to an end at the end of this month. Bitty basketball the summer legans tonight. Special events the 4th of July event I think was a great success will begin planning for the this annual event which will ultimately end up at the new expansion area in the amphitheater. We hosted 2d baseball world series with 132 teams this past month. We had our second USA power lift and event at the Rec Center. Southside basketball coach Todd Russ will host his a you basketball tournament next weekend. It will take place at Southside end at YSC. The Northwest and Mutual sour pickle ball tournament which benefits Alex's lemonade stand foundation. American pediatric cancer charity will take place on Saturday August 19th at the Rec Center. And awards ceremony for