be the only piece because they're not developers you know they don't they don't really know it because I just did some math I mean if three townhomes fit on this that would be 75 feet of the 120 foot lot so from a setback standpoint you know we would still be fine right I mean because you have a 70 you have 75 feet three units at 75 or three units combined at 75 on 120 you know unit lot so I think that's why when we start asking ourselves okay what don't we like about it and if it is the traffic with them let's you know let's talk about it and we you can start to dive in like what don't we really like about it and then we can address those things and fine tune that ordinance a little bit more is tonight you know so that way when we have interested people like you know the Chappelle Mr. Chappelle we are we're facilitating and team it up the best that we can for the councils approval that night. So Ms. Boris sorry. I just wanted to say I do agree with Simone pretty much everything she said I did speak with Glinda with the historical society she had a closing today so she couldn't make it but the society itself is very interested in looking at the homes in the downtown area in this historic area and trying to find the history of them and you know we have plans to put plaques in different areas and and and have historic places that can be going to and look at by the community. I grew up on second street I walked to school every day I played in the park down the road I don't envision what you have here in that area the lots in that particular area are a little bit larger than you would see normally also is the fact that if you're going to purchase a lot I found lately that a lot of people have been coming to us for variances on setbacks. I understand you're not quite sure what would be put on that lot but if I purchased a lot I would stay within my guidelines you know it's a large lot I think a very nice house could be single house could be put there so I have to agree with Michelle Pine I would vote no and thank you for wanting to invest but this is not what I envision. Mr. Coma if you if you were my comment up just so the only reason because I know there's we stream the meetings in case there's somebody you're welcome to stay close I just want to be able to. Yeah if you don't mind that's fine. My name is Jamie Como I live at one of four Jolini way I like to thank the mayor and the council for at least giving me a few minutes