Perfect. And has there been any more could there possibly be any more conversations with the LPSS Lafayette par school system about some partnership opportunities. We've had a couple of informal discussions about that. Certainly these are public dollars. We want to put them to good use and we want to serve the community. What that would look like we don't know at this point. Of course, we need to know who our superintendent is and we need to know who our new school board's going to be. So we know who the partners are to be talking to. So we've had some of those discussions. There are opportunities and we're glad to proceed. Well, I appreciate the open mind and we're excited about the project in young zoo. I was thrilled to see the plans in in cleanse office while back. And thank you for the continued investment to the entire team and Miss Lamar. I'm sorry. I didn't remember your name. We sat next to each other at the graduation. I just on the spot. I can remember it. So best of luck for our successful school year. Thanks each of you. Thank you so much. All right. Next we have several candidates qualifying ended this week for the fall October 14th elections and we're privileged to see that have several candidates here to address the members of the city council. The first is even is miss Cynthia Spadoni to announce her candidacy for district court judge division L. Hi, everyone. Thank you very much for having all of the candidates, but me as well, you know, here tonight speak with you all. I think I know most all of you, but just in case. And to the members who are here watching I am Cynthia, see most was only and I am running for district court judge officially as of this week. So just a little bit about myself. I grew up in Fork it Island, Louisiana on a rice cattle and crawfish form a community much like youngville was before the big boom. A forming community and in that community, I learned the values of hard work of community service and service to the public. And I enjoyed volunteering and many organizations whenever I was growing up and that that is still a part of who I am today. I have dedicated my career to public service. And that is one of the reasons why I want to continue in public service to my community. So I went to cap on high school graduated from cap on high school that I went to law school or undergrad and law school both at LSU. And whenever I graduated, I came back to the 15 JDC back then, Vimilian parish and clerked for Judge Derwood Cork. And as a clerk for Judge Derwood Cork, I learned a lot of the intricacies of being in the courtroom every day. Of course, so I'm going to talk to y'all in