down some of the cane, they're preparing to do some, start doing the drainage on the east side of Highway 89, and then they will be paving on the west side, the temporary road so that we can shift traffic along. 75% of the drainage has been done on the fortune road roundabout, so there at the point now, it won't be long, you're gonna start seeing the parts of the roundabout come to light as we start shifting traffic. I do wanna remind people again, it is 35 miles an hour in the speed limit within the work zone, so please get the word out, so people could slow down. We have guys working, they're right at the edge of the road, as you've seen, and let's be cautious of our construction workers out there. We are also starting the Giatek for the Highway 92 Prescott, because we've been working on the design, and our Giatek technical engineer is gonna be in town, working on getting some Giatek technical borings for our payment design on 92 Prescott, Shemet Agriab, and also our Anselm Kooley Regional Detention Pond on the detention pond, the Giatek, and the shovel test archaeology is what's left on that project, and we are waiting to hear from the Corps of Engineers, and on any wetland issues we're trying to avoid. So that project's in pretty good shape, LaRuvia Road, final plans will be going in, they are signed and sealed, and gonna be going in on Monday, I just have to get the Mayor and I both need to sign the title sheet, but I wanna make sure nothing was changed before we sign that on our special paper, and so that we can send that in, so that is still on track to be bid in December. They've gotta get all of their money moved, and what's important is yesterday, I went to the Transportation Technical Committee of which the MPO did move funds from the old highway 89, we had some highway 89 funding in the MPO, but highway 89, as you know, as Mr. Borrell just said, that's being funded through Capital Outlay. So we had sat on that money, if you will, so nobody else could take for a project that was equal to or worse than the highway 89. We did need additional funding for LaRuvia, and that's being moved. So Councilman Shalpine, if you need to go that policy committee, we need to make sure that that vote gets finaled. So the Transportation Technical Committee moved, but whoever is going on behalf of the policy, make sure you vote for that money to be moved in the tip. 2024 roadway improvements, they've done patching and overlay on hawk. They are at the Lesco Crossing, they've got the subgrade, they're trying to dry out, they've already stripped everything, bringing everything to grade. So by next week, we will be doing the base work on the Lesco Crossing. So that's moving,