comment? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Motion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Champagne. Any comments or questions relative to the finance report? Any public comment? All right. No public comment, Ms. Gidry, please open the vote. All in favor, motion approved. A general item 5.1 is required. The preliminary plan approval for the resubdivision of track 3A1, the estate of Mr. and Mrs. George Gerard creating tracks 3A1A and 3A1B located in section 15T11S or 5E. We have a prior to this meeting. We held a public hearing at 545 to review the proposed subdivision of property where we accepted public comment. Is it okay, Ms. Champagne? No, I'm all right. Motion to approve as presented by Ms. Champagne and a second by a council member Romero. Is there any council comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. The motion is approved. Polling favor, motion approved. All right, thank you, council 6.1 is first of two bid reviews this evening. We opened the bids for the 2024 roadway improvement project. And I'll ask Pam just to kind of discuss. I'll give you an overview of that project. Okay, so we took bids on June 25th. We had our, well, first of all, our estimated cost of construction was 947,000. We did have two bidders that submitted Glidlige and Elliott construction. Glidlige was the low bidder at $899,762, which of course is below our engineers estimate. So we're going to have a full time meeting for the 2020 roadway improvement project. All right, thank you, Pam. Motion to accept by Ms. Champagne and second by Mr. Romero. Any comments or questions or discussion? Any public comment? This is largely for the Velasco crossing extension. We've been planning for some time. The contract or the, this is the bid that we opened, but it's also a few other roads. Ms. Pk and the roundabout the temporary for the roundabout, the tractor roundabout for the patching involving the roundabout at 89, and should matter the temporary until we can do our full blown widening project that is funded by Capitol Outlay. Okay, all right. If there's no public comment in this get dream, please call the vote to accept the low bid. All in favor, motion approved. Right, a genitom 6.2. Our second bid review is for pump station number four. Susan, would you like to present it to the council, please? Hi, we took bids on Tuesday. We received four bids. The estimate was 845,000 and our low bid came in at 746,000 and change. So we recommend accepting the low bid. All right. All right. Motion by. Oh, yeah. That was from. Oh, Louisiana contracting enterprise. Correct. All right. It's a motion by Mayor Pratton Romero to accept and a second by Councilman Sean Pine. Council comments or discussion just for the public's benefit. This is an upgrade to an existing sewer lift station pump station number four. As we refer to