 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you but we know that you are greater than any adversity in our path. You're Almighty God, there's no limits to your understanding, you're compassionate and gracious, slow to anger and bounding and faithful love and truth. And so we begin this meeting tonight by seeking your help. We acknowledge that Lord that you are the creator of the heavens and the earth. And so everything belongs to you. The city of Youngsville, its people and all of its resources belong to you. We're just stewards. And so Lord, we ask that you first enable the city council to steward that trust with reverence for God, with wisdom, with love for people. We ask you to bless this city with peace and prosperity so that we may lead tranquil and quiet lives and all godliness and dignity. Please bless the mayor and city council members along with each person employed by the city. We pray that you give them strength and wisdom, and help them to remember that it is you who they serve, it is to you that they are accountable. And it is you who has all the answers, solutions and resources that we need. We pray these things in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic of which it stands, one nation, one God, one Indian is well, and one Indian is well, and one Indian is well, and one Indian is well.gang and one Indian is well, and one Indian is well, and one Indian is well, and one Indian is well.gang and one Indian is well.ong His name. Pastor, thank you. Ms. Khadry, please call the roll. Ms. Farrah, here. Ms. Bajiano, here. Ms. Inhylin, here. Ms. Dharama, here. Ms. Shalvay, here. A gin item 3.1 approval of the meeting minutes, June 26th. Motion by council member Bajiano and a second by councilman Baj הנas. I'm going to have to go back to the meeting. Good afternoon, guys. A couple of things that I would like to talk about dealing with exhibit B. Talking about the city council may or timp, I notice that you got a 3% raise. I notice that the council members got a 4.1% raise. Also on insurance, the cost for the insurance, I see that you gave everybody increase of 3%. But in the private sector, I'm not sure that the private sector gives a 3%. Just a city government. Is that pretty much what you do? Because we get it off a salary, not off of the insurances and things like that. I understand you guys get 100%. Paid, but I don't understand why you would get an increase of 3%. I understand that. Retirement. I notice that the city council members are getting a 4.4% decrease this year. But why do you even have retirement? You are part-time workers. Second and a couple of other things. Credit cards. I notice that we have a budget of $13,350. Do we end up putting this stuff on the $13,350? We use credit card fees. I'm assuming those are fees that are based off of... Sir, the council's call to action is related to the minutes of the meeting. Are these... Are these... Are these inundants for this? I don't see these what you're mentioning on the minutes. This is the copy of the minutes that the council's approving. Mr. Chavelle. Yes. This is approval of the minutes for the last meeting. That's all this is now. But that's right. This was brought up at the time because you amended everything. So that should be all up on... No. ...of a debate. Why not? If you have a challenge as to how the minutes read, then you can bring that forward. Okay. Questions about the minutes? Can a challenge that them because I don't believe that these numbers are right and they need to be explained? No. You can challenge whether the minutes are accurate or inaccurate solely. And you can make your comments... If the minutes are inaccurate because these numbers are not accurate. Then you make your comment as to whether or not these minutes are accurate or inaccurate. If something was passed that you don't believe was reflected in these minutes. In other words, if you say that Mr. Bork got a dollar from the last minutes and he didn't get that dollar, then you can challenge the accuracy of the minutes. But at this point in time, whether these numbers that you are proposing or accurate, or inaccurate, is not the appropriate time doing this portion of the agenda. These numbers are on in your budget. You know, the 3% to 4.1%. That's all in there. Am I correct? I believe they are. So why are they not open for debate or discussion? If that budget was amended. If that budget was adopted... And then it's up for... Hey, Mr. Sval, let me finish. Okay. All right. And I'll give you all the time you need to discuss as well. But let's be respectful. If you believe that what was adopted wasn't adopted. Then you can challenge it at this portion of the agenda. I'm not saying at any point in time you're not... Or you don't have the ability to challenge it. But if this was what was adopted. Then in that instance, you can challenge it. Okay. Not the amounts. But if you dispute that that was not what was adopted. Follow me? Yes, sir. Then there's a challenge. Okay. The numbers and what you're... You're purporting to argue is not appropriate at this portion of the meeting. Now, I'm not saying you're precluded from challenging it at a later point. But at this point, all we're doing is the minutes of the meeting from the last council meeting. Or the minutes from the last council meeting. Okay. So if you don't believe that what was adopted is accurate. Then bring it up at a later point in tonight's meeting. At which point? Because I don't want to come up and do it wrong because I'm assuming... Yes, no. I don't... The budget at the end of the day, what they stated, what Matt Romero went on the record to say that he wanted to give a cost to live and increase a 3%. And he gave the council members 4.1%, which was produced by this facility. Why is that? I'm challenging that aspect of it. You can bring that up at a later point in this meeting. Which point? Maybe because I want to come back. Maybe 4.1. 4.1. Maybe another portion of the meeting. I'll come up every single time to see if I can get it right each time. No, just stand up and raise your hand and I'll acknowledge whether you can or can't. How about that? How about if I come up and then we'll do it again. Okay. Sounds good, Miss Saville. Any other public comment related to the adoption of the minutes? All right, Miss Gidry, please call the other. Miss Farro? Yes. Mr. Oljiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. Motion approved. 4.1, approval of May 2025 Finance Report. Motion by Mr. Romero? Is there a second? Second by Mr. Voljiano? Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Voljiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. Yes. Yes. Motion approved. 5.1, request for preliminary pletipruval. 7.01, A&D Young Street. Until it's 5A and 5B located in Section 8. T11S, R5E. Pam, are you doing that recap for? Yes. All right. All right. Thank you, Mayor and Council. This particular plet is a portion of property right off of East. I guess we're going to call it East Milton at that point or I'm very. I'm not sure if we can do that. I'm not sure if we can do that. And it is one parcel property that was previously this was something divided years ago. And then now this parcel they want to create too. We do not know what they plan on doing with the second one. So, but we do have some flat revisions that both the point of commencement and point of beginning for each lot needs to be shown on the floor. So, we have some flat subdivision conditions that we always have with regards to FEMA regulations, drainage and everything still applies to this one. It's pretty simple. It's just that we bring anything that's being subdivided comes before council and has to do our subdivision requirements. All right. Thank you, Pam. And Andre is here. I believe he's the engineer of record. I think he's here for the developer for the I guess the developers representative he's here this evening. All right. Is there any public comment related to this open Mr. Nylon? Yes, sir. Just to be clear, it's just to split the lots. Nothing else. At this time it's just to split the lots so we don't know if they're doing another residential. If they're going to do something different, but even if they do, they're still going to have to abide by our land use ordinance in what they do. But we don't allow them to subdivide it anymore into two just by saying, you know, and selling it without having all the requirements and for that to be put on the plat. Thank you. All right. Is there any public comment related to the subdivision of property? All right. There's no public comment. Mr. Volgiano. Second by Mr. Nylon. And there's still no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on the subdivision. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Other business 6.1. Mr. Teddy Nads requesting the following for track two of the 300 block of barcliffe draw. A variance to waive the required 51% facade requirement to allow an approximate 1200 foot square, 1200 square foot metal building for personal storage and be to request approval to begin the annexation process. Council, as you know, we typically before the landowner goes through any effort and expense, we typically bring it before you for your consideration. And also he does have, I think Pam's got to maybe can answer some questions on it. Should you have any, but I know there's information in your packet related to it. And I'm happy to answer any questions if you have any. Ms. Thank you, ma'am. Pam, it says for 1200 square foot metal building for personal storage. Is on barcliffe. Is that where is that? No, it's literally behind. So it's north of Belmeisal and west of Highland Ridge. So it's in an or unincorporated area behind that. It's five acres. And the gentleman has a daughter that runs track. And so the purpose of this is to have to put storage for, he also has some equipment where he far has some form. He is a medical professional. He's a doctor, but they're going to store equipment that they would need here. But also he is going to have, she's going to have a grass track around to run. She's very, but so he wanted to also have an area where they can go and stretch and stuff within this storage building. He's in an unincorporated Lafayette parish, but he does want to come and annex into the city, which is why he was asking. But we did make him aware of the facade requirements with regards to the city. His ask is does he have to meet the facade requirements? Again, he's not part of an H.A. He's not, it's five acres and he wants to make this a storage building. So that's what he was asking is if he can have this as a metal building. He will be fenced all the way around. So there's already back fences on most of the houses. So he's going to fence anything that is not currently fenced again because he wants his, and he's going to have a gady once his daughter to be running and practicing track with her friends safely. So that's why he was asking if it's within that fence in area. He's not in a subdivision. Does he have to have the facade requirement? Yes. Okay. Thank you. Mr. Nile. As far as. We have pictures. Do they have this? Do you have this? What would look like? As far as would it? It's sight from any major roadways or anything like that? None. No. Just behind us subdivision. Yes. He, the, the lot that does have access in one of the curves within Bell Maison, which is basically where his driveway is, which is equivalent to like a driveway that would go to the house, but he is going to be behind all of that. Okay. And they already have their own home off of Austin Road. The area is between Highland Ridge and Bell Maison. If you were to go through the stub out that, of Highland Ridge, that on Hill Ridge Drive that connects to Bell Maison, the properties on the right, it's been an unincorporated island in the city. We, we have had numerous requests for pre-development meetings there inquiring about different uses of that property. But, but, but, Mr. Nile, to your point, it, the property is visible from Hill Ridge Drive on the basically the area where that connects to two neighborhoods. No, man. No. Let me, just, I'm passing the pictures down. Mr., Mr. Nile, excuse me. Motion. Motion. All right. I'll get you in a second. All right. Mitch, I'm fine. Second. All right. Okay. Yeah, come on up. He's not going to see a limit. That's correct. So really, we don't get him in the two limit. He can do whatever he wants there in. Yes. Well, he could, he could within the parameters of Lafayette Consolidated Government. Yes, sir. Mr. Ameri. I just want to confirm 100% metal. Nothing. Okay. That's, that's what he was asking. He originally was doing the, the metal. So if, no, no meat in the middle or nothing like that. He said if it was something that he had to do, then he would consider, uh, doing somethings the most, he, he saw the building that we have on La Riviera Road, which is party plank on the outside. So, um, he said if he had to do it, he says, he's going to be a lot more expensive and he really didn't want to spend that much for storage with what he's doing. Um, the alternative is, if he's not annexed, it's going to be built without the facade. For Lafayette Consolidated Government. I mean, the truth of the matter is, um, he's at least asking and at least saying and, and being very forthcoming about wanting to be annexed into the city of Youngstill. But if he's not, if he can't afford to, then he more than likely will stay unincorporated in which the building will still go up, um, and it will be metal. Very nice gentleman. But he said if he had to, I mean, so if there's a requirement, I think he just, what is there, is there a certain face that you would be considering and that'd be less than the 50, I'm just asking. And he's not here tonight. Is that correct? No, when we told him that this was the next meeting, um, he was out of town as well as all this family and part of what he's trying to do is figure out, um, I think she starts to train in the September, October timeframe. He's just really trying to make his plans as to what he can do, um, for, you know, in order to get her, to be able to train like she needs to as far as the track is concerned. So he's just trying to get all his ducks in a row. And, um, he really didn't recognize the process of annexation of what it takes, but he also, you know, he came to meet with us, um, because Nicole laid out everything so that he would know what to expect. But then I just asked him what his time frame, you know, and that's when he explained everything. What's the reason, um, her training is starting in the fall. Kind of wonder if we should have done the annexation first. Maybe ask the gentleman to be here to discuss. And potential variance, but I know where we're emotional with flour. So is there any public comment? Any additional council comment? I just need to be at the police call the vote. Mr Romero? No. Mr Milen? Yes. Mr. Champagne? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Motion of him. 6.2. Discuss and consider a variance to weigh the facade requirement to all our 70% metal in the stadium field house at southside high schools. Football field. House. Council, I'm happy to take this one. You know, this was a, this was an addition to the agenda since the initial, since the initial agenda got published. As you know, you previously considered a variance for the storage building for the stadium. I'm sorry. 60. Oh, I apologize. Well, let me skip back. Be to request approval to begin the annexation process. This is for the piece of property that we just discussed on Heritage Drive. Mr. Nile. All right. Thank you, sir. Ms. Champagne. Second. All right. Any council comment? Any public comment? Our mischievous, please call the vote on the annexation. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nile. Yes. Mr. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Spires. Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes rarely. All right. All right, all right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. All right, I'm sorry. Just to do. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. All right. All right. All right. Six point two. Discussing consider of variance. The way of the facade requirement. All right. 70% metal in the stadium field house. Outside high school football field. You've driven out there recently. You know that the stadium is up there planning to have their first home game in the fall. That construction is going going very well. particular building and one of the considerations at that time the night of that variance was that the field house the field house at the time of our plan review on that particular project met the requirements of facade within the city's ordinance and that I know was there was some discussion that night about approving the field house because the the approving the storage building because the field house would meet all the requirements well the project has come in over over the designated budget and they've asked us to consider the revisions got to the project with the illustrations that I have before you now they're going to be going out to bid on this project it's not going to be something that they'll have available for the fall for the beginning of football stadium largely the changes are your ordinance or the count the ordinance of the city requires that only 49% of the exterior facade can be metal the request here is for 70% to be metal motion all right thank you sir all right second by mr. Volgiana any council comment any public comment all right there's no public comment misgivery please call the vote on the variance approval mr. Nylon yeah miss Shanghai yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes right resolutions 7.1 resolution 2025 15 resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute for and on behalf of the city of Youngsville the parish of Lafayette Louisiana active substantial completion from southern constructors LLC contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for station three upgrade motion thank you sir that a second miss Shanghai thank you man any council comment or discussion any public comment all right misgivery please call the vote yes yes yes yes yes yes motion three 7.2 resolution 2025 16 a resolution of the city of Youngsville declaring movable property a surplus and further authorizing the demolition and disposal in accordance with state law second miss Barra thank you man many council comment or discussion all right any public comment no comment misgivery please call the vote yes mr. Volgiana yes mr. Amaro yes mr. Nylon yes yes yes motion approved okay ordinance is for public hearing and final adoption 8.1 is ordinance 461 or excuse me 462.1 2025 in ordinance repealing ordinance 462 2021 and enacting a new salary schedule and pay plan for the enforcement officers of the city of Youngsville police department dr. D.C. welcome back man first off thank you for having me here and thank you also to the members of the Youngsville Police Department and the members of the public for coming this evening to hear the plan for themselves to ensure we're all on the same page I'm just going to hit some of the highlights that I discussed at the last meeting I was hired by interim chief Luvier about a year ago and I've continued to work with chief brusseord on amending the YPD pay plan despite a change to leadership the two goals for a new pay plan have remained the same the first is to raise starting salary and the second is to design a plan that's easily understood easily implemented and is fair to all people in the department the unfortunate effect of raising base pay in a seniority based system is that it costs a lot of money typically the administration both in the police department and here at city hall have worked really hard to mitigate costs the simplest solution is to decrease rank differentials and I believe I explained that last time but I'll go ahead and explain it again a rank differential is the percent difference in salary between a police officer and any higher rank of the same years of service so three-year police officer versus three-year sergeant ten-year police officer versus ten-year captain so forth and so on and state statute actually outlines for us what the minimum rank differentials will be so for the current pay plan the rank differential between police officer and sergeant is 20 percent the state minimum rank differential is 10 percent and that's what we you see in your proposal the rank differential and the current plan between police officer and lieutenant is 40 percent that goes down to 15 percent police officer to captain is 60 percent and that goes down to 25 percent and then police officer to deputy chief of police goes from 80 percent to 40 percent and that sounds alarming at first but because we are raising base pay we are still going to see substantial increases for most of the uniformed personnel within the department want to be very clear no one is receiving a decrease in pay under the proposed plan so in the proposed plan base pay is going to move to 45,000 dollars a year this does not includes the state supplemental pay that these officers are entitled to and adjusting base pay results and again significant increases for most of the uniformed personnel for the rank of police officer the average increases 11.3 percent with the highest increase being 20.7 for the rank of sergeant that average is going to be 16.1 percent again with the highest being 20.6 percent for lieutenant that's going to be 9.5 percent for captain as we discussed at the last meeting that particular position is slightly misaligned with the rest of the pay plan the solution was to hold that particular position at 0 percent and then the deputy chief would see a 6.3 percent increase. The only real change to the pay plan that you have before you this evening concerns the proposed assistant chief of police. Chief Roussard has withdrawn his request for that particular position and with that change the deputy chief of police moves to the true second and command of the department and the rank differential needs to go up from 35 to 40 percent to accommodate state statute. With these changes the result is a net savings of $62,506 so that would be less than what you saw two weeks ago. If you have any questions those are the those are the highlights so if you have any questions I'm happy to answer those now unless Chief Roussard you'd like to say something first. Okay sorry just some questions that I had and just looking over everything because of my background with health care and it me coming from more of a merit based pay increase I saw in there there's this like flat 2 percent so I guess just for me is that kind of a standard that's seen is it because of like the civil service board where it's like hey we just do 2 percent because I'm accustomed to seeing 1 to 5 percent if you're an exemplary employee you go above and beyond you have a higher likelihood of hitting 5 percent if you you show up you do your job you don't do anything extra but you're not calling out 3 percent is what you're looking at and then if you're someone that you know not reliable you have write-ups less less increase for me that incentivizes people to kind of go above and beyond kind of that's that's from the world that I've worked in so that was a question and then the other thing with years of service as a nurse if I work trauma I'd like to be a general for 15 years and then I'm going to go to lords I don't want to lose 15 years of service you know and so if it could be explained to me in that sense as well because I know that that was mentioned is that also a standard where you lose you lose it when you leave kind of thing um if that could be just explained if that's a standard sure so I'll speak to the first question which was the 2 percent and the option to do merit increases unfortunately in the public sector merit increases are very uncommon and most of the pay plans are established to where there is there are ranked differentials between ranks but there are also year differentials between a year one and a year two for ease of implementation those are just set at a standard 2 percent typically because that's what makes most municipalities comfortable there are several municipalities within the state who also like fire departments who are mandated to get 2 percent between years three and 23 also stipulate the same 2 percent for their police departments for parity sink so 2 percent has become the unofficial standard and then the second question can you remind years of service okay and you're talking specifically within the Young'sville Police Department correct overall okay so so last at last meeting we talked about this concept of years of creditable service and that was originally established as a hiring tool when I worked with the city of Scott that rule was implemented because there was a 30 percent turnover rate among police officers you didn't have time to put a new officer through training you wanted to get that person in a vehicle and patrolling as quickly as possible so what the chief of police in the administration voted to do at that particular time was give credit for years of service at a comparable agency at a 1-to-1 ratio up to five years so they would not be considered more senior than existing employees but they would be able to be hired above the base rate of pay and then they would continue that through their career with the department it seems that this particular rule was established in the fiscal year 21-22 pay plan for the city of Young'sville it was applied to two individuals and it has been the administration's policy to remove the application of years of creditable service moving forward and so it would just be service with the city of Young'sville and continuous service so if you leave for a day and come back then you would start fresh again and that's in line with a compensation policy that is just trying to value loyalty to the city of Young'sville. Thank you. Any other council comments? Chief did you want to address the council? Yes, sir. I appreciate you guys time and all the hard work everybody's put into this. I had one thing I wanted to bring up if we could possibly on the pay scale the records flourkins evidence clerk and the secretary removed them from the pay scale if possible and just give them the city implemented 3%. And another question they have some officers that got the to keep the pay scale in line I know it's going to throw the pay scale out of line but if we could possibly give these officers the minimum of the 2% raise for the on the pay scale just reconsideration on both the possible. So what you're referring to specifically are the 3 uniformed officers that aren't aligned into this proposed rank? Yes, sir. Okay because the just for the for the councils appreciate and for the public's appreciation excuse me Dr. Duce had pointed out the ranges of a pay increases for the officers officers 11 to 0.3 to 20.7 sorry I'm sorry 11.3 an average average of 11.3 high of 20.7 sergeant 16.1 you know the high of 20.6 and so forth there are three three uniformed officers that currently as it's as it's written do not fall perfectly into the matrix. So there is a there's different ways that you can approach it and one one opportunity is the way it's written and that is that those three are held where they are until the year until the next year catches up that is one option the second option which chief russard is suggesting would be to we discussed forcing if you will I mean just the it wasn't my term but forcing any increase on that in that scenario they'll continue to be out of alignment so it's really a decision that that needs to be made I mean the draft in front of you has them held and you know so I think it's just a it's really just a decision or that's something that we didn't seek out to choose winners or losers we just chose to ideally I think part of the confusion in the years past has been you couldn't take the 2022 pay plan and ideal to find yourself on it very easily despite I think the best intentions at the time it was complicated to the implementation didn't necessarily go as smooth as it's written the chief of police has to implement it but we get new hires with limited direction on how to start them on pay which we've since changed that has to be a function of the police department so I'm happy to answer any questions if you have any specific to that mr. Nile I'd like to make a third proposal to that again I'm going back on my personal experience but whenever we would have a nurse who said let's say 20 years experience and they became redlined red line means their hourly rate cannot go any higher no matter how many more years they put in so in order to make it fair to them by not receiving that annual rate we would say okay if you performed like this you got a 2% raise 2% based off of what you're making and then you get a check for that amount your hourly rate doesn't go up but it's still saying hey you've done a great job this year we're not going to hold it back just because you've redlined I don't know if that's an option with civil service and all of that but it could be an ability to where you're still not inflating that hourly rate which you're trying to get others to catch up to but you're still allowing the individual to have some form of a financial gain I would say that without some sort of formal merit procedure that would not be implemented uniformly necessarily I think you might be getting yourself into a sticky situation by implementing a merit increase here Mr. Bulldog yeah I would I think they're what she is presented as far as having to hold this the three uniformed officers back as we're going to have to lean to all of because that those officers not any fault of their own but have already benefited from the higher salary from the date of hire not not also including that they've had the money's and put into impers as well so that larger amount of money would only discredit every other officer that has been there longer than they have and if we do the 2% forced it's just going to continue to take the pay plan forever and which would negate this entire process of what we've been trying to accomplish this entire time so it's not as a punishment but it I mean they didn't they didn't ask to be I mean well maybe they did or they didn't but they didn't it wasn't their decision to start that paying salary at that rate so they have been able to benefit from that up until this point three impers and through their salary so I think just keeping the standard where we have it and what she's presented is pretty clean coming it kind of gets into the weeds of trying to do merit based with civil service Mr. Mara Dr. Dissai how you doing? Doing well how are you? Good to see you again how long have you been doing this? 12 years 12 years you have a doctorate I give a lot of expertise in this presented pay plans like this to multiple municipalities yes your recommendation is to keep it as you presented it tonight this has been a point of contention in the last few meetings that we have had yeah and some false information out there and stuff if I'm being very honest yes I think that the pay plan rules stipulated 2 percent general increase to all employees uniformed personnel in the police department and I share that in multiple meetings so it I understand the goal is to fit everybody into the matrix true unless the verbiage and the ordinance as it was introduced a few weeks ago has changed I do believe these three individuals should have a 2 percent general increase and the clerical positions are the positions that the chief mentioned removing your recommendation is removing as well or keeping if again we talked about this yesterday that I was given a draft that included the support staff that actually was not approved by council in fiscal year 21 yeah if the standard has been to keep these people off the pay plan and that has served the city well then I see no reason that that cannot continue thank you so about forcing the 2 percent it takes the current pay plan and basically just for the foreseeable future as long as I'm employed here though forever be getting more than what they were intended to get from the that's correct those three individuals it will not negate the rest of the pay plan but for those three individuals they will always be off the pay plan until an additional adjustment is made potentially I guess just from me personally speaking it it's hard for me to look at the rest of the officers in here that have been here tenured for a long time and say hey we're going to cut a deal for them because they got harder to hire a salary I don't I mean it's like I felt no matter which way to have like as a knife to our backs on what decision you make but if I'm looking at what's the most honest way and truth a way to do that if we're coming out with a pay plan that has never been put this much time into it and to say well we're still going to take a a deal on the side and we're going to we're going to allow this force 2 percent but it's going to take the pay plan and then they're not going to fit into the matrix I don't well I respect your your professional opinion I just don't know that when putting it into actual play that that's going to work out in our favor misshawn plan yes thank you mayor oh I have a question just to be clear the three officers that we're discussing that are at their their peak that we would have to stay there for another year right it would probably another year before they would no it would it for at least one or two of those three it would be a considerable period of time that they would have to stay at the current rate of pay and what are they of ranks that's not patrol that's not our patrol officers yes ma'am there are two patrol officers two patrol officers okay thank you if i'm reading this right one officer is about three thousand dollars roughly all and the other one and correct me from home would be about 5100 off 5200 off well miss what dr. Ducey is looking at yeah sorry for dr. John's probably I just want to point out you are you are also provided exhibit B which is rules for implementation there is some of the highlighted sections there that were provided by dr. Ducey depending on option you'd like to go one of the new additions say shouldn't employees pay exceed the anticipated rate of pay for his or her rank in corresponding years of service the employees rate of pay shall be held to a 0% increase until such time that his or her rate of pay matches the anticipated rate of pay on the pay plan matrix so i just want to put that out because dr. Ducey is correct that on the current plan that's in effect today since 2022 it does indicate the annual increase provide I think that provided it that it's budgeted by the council so this was an additional modification that was added as an option depending on how you choose to move forward tonight so the adoption of this as i appreciated would be replacing the previous ordinance that the council has enacted it would implement this new and and clarify how annual salary increases would be handled addressing those that are outside of the matrix as well so as far as i can tell these two employees we'd be considered nine and thirteen year police officers and so they if they were held to two years of service with the city of young spill they would be again substantially off they would not receive an increase if they were promoted to sergeant tomorrow for example they wouldn't they wouldn't lateral the the lateral is less because they're losing their place in the matrix no longer are they a nine or thirteen year employee they're going back to the position of a two year employee and so the lateral then becomes two year sergeant nine or thirteen year sergeant well let me ask you this question i mean their pay is remaining at the year seven or thirteen that is correct it's it's so nothing's being removed so i mean one for the council it means just to consider is that should one of those persons become eligible for promotion move them laterally from where their current rate of pay is so they'll still be being paid as a seven year employee meaning that it would become a seven year sergeant promotion should they desire or should that you know should that work itself out it's just not we're i don't think anybody wants to take anything away from anyone that is that has not been the the motivation so but one of the considerations if you don't advance these three forward could still be if for promotion there it would still be based on the seven or thirteen year whatever their last rate of pay places them your front if they still got the two percent every year no no i'm saying it should they not i think i think one of the concerns is if they're not given the two percent in their held there still be in paid as a seven or thirteen year officer so that person would be eligible for promotion to go laterally from the seven or thirteen year spot right yeah versus them going from a seven year officer to a one year sergeant or two yeah correct yeah but as it's proposed their years of service with the city of young spiller all that matter so if you want to retain their years of creditable service that's totally fine they would move from year thirteen police officer to year thirteen sergeant but it was my understanding that we would be removing their years of service then they would be considered a year to employee and so that upon promotion as it's written in the rules then they would then move to a year to sergeant what kind of process well i guess the problem i have with that is because you know speaking with a decent amount of officers and and you know you know probably i think the the goal where we're trying to achieve was the pay but the morale of a couple of the point was someone who's been here seven to ten years and someone got hired in on year one but they were granted seven years of service that's never been given to anybody else so now you have someone who's on their first year here with someone who's on the same sheet of somebody's been ten years but they're going to be of a promotion faster than the person so by giving away the years of service i i know that has conflicts with the pay but what what couldn't what couldn't you just stayed uh i mean you you have the language covered that they that they would be held until it catches up but add on to that if this is the direction the council wants to take after public comment for for promotion for pay related to promotions it would be lateral from where their current pay is so that way i don't think anyone wants to provide someone a promotion at a decrease that's been par or at a or at a lack of incentive to take a promotion so perhaps that could still be written in here to say that they would still you know still still get the same lateral movement because they're making they're they're making that today you're just dependent on your action you're just choosing not to please number seven is not the same as a police of a sergeant seven so it might be the same as a sergeant your four maybe just isn't the example so they're still going up in years of service when they it's not a lateral move either way you look at it no he's not you're years of service in the departments if you're if you're at a if you're a seven year officer like the pay plan was the same for us if i'm a if i'm a ten year seven year lieutenant and i got a letter to captain then your pages moves over to captain you don't go from seven year fireman and you go up you don't you don't you don't go to one year cathode because the pay would drop if you like as if you were yeah you go to seven year captain correct so what he's saying is go from seven year police officer to the same way to pay it's gonna no no i'm sorry i'm in saying same same lateral seven so so hold them no pains being decreased hold them at the same line of seven are we saying that if this particular person is a year seven police officer next fiscal year there'll be a year eight police officer and if the rate of pay on the pay matrix still doesn't match they'll stay at the rate of pay that they are and then the following fiscal year there'll be a year nine police officer with that corresponding I think no they're being held at the seven year pay until the plan catches up so it's gonna they're gonna be held at seven year held at seven year pay and then if they're eligible for promotion they're gonna just go across the seven year grid and so they will not earn years of service for continued tenure with this well they they're maintaining year seven I mean this is I don't know I mean this is something we're talking about we're talking about less than we're talking about three out of 30 five 35 right because we pulled the AC position it's good that we're having this discussion because 32 people are getting some raises 31 are getting over 6% which is phenomenal you know you got some getting 20% some getting 10 to 19 I mean it's it's great that we're able to do this and we're afforded to be able to do this I think a lot of times I'm putting this even with the disarray of information that was I mean I was with you yesterday and you were still receiving stuff um if we can stop in about the three if we can go back and revisit your proposal about removal I like to hear why because I know what her recommendation is just the recommendation to remove the three positions from the pay matrix they weren't in there prior and that way we can keep it like it was for that side and just go through the recommended uh the three percent raise that the city had allocated from employees for these employees records clerk evidence clerk and chief secretary so are those going to go on city salad are they not police officers they're just not going to be implemented in the police officers pay scale two of the three civil service aren't they okay they all are they all three are no yeah five there's yes there's three positions five five those have never they have not been on the pay plan in 2022 the night of the adoption the council's action was to remove them from the pay plan on the introduced copy they were on there because some of the information that was given to dr. Ducehed through changes of leadership have been the most accurate and I think that that really became point of contention for for multiple reasons so I think you have I mean you have two choices you have a choice to leave it how it is you introduced it with them on the pay plan or you can remove them off of it so that that's that's what those choices are more of a police officers they need to stay on the plane they're civil servants correct the ones I'm recommending are not commission police officers no they are civil service yes they are civil service councilman champagne yes that that was my question the support staff they aren't civil service they are they are civil service yes ma'am with their not commission police officers but they're civil service so how will that affect the civil service side it will not it won't affect it at all I guess just I think there are multiple discussions and reading through that my only my only thought process was is that if they're on the pay plan then it would help prevent the problem when a change of leadership goes through there that they're not started at a higher salary so meaning when the three officers were hired on and we're dealing with this problem of force 2% that's the problem we're dealing with so let's say we keep let's say we removed them off the pay plan new chief comes in in two years four years amount whatever he hars is secretary at 60,000 then the same process repeats itself and then you have multiple people getting double the increases in pay for a certain duration of time and that that's for the problem because there's never a starting base where that's where you start so essentially it's just given a free for all for what they can start their salary yet even though they're civil service if they're on the pay plan that at least is documented with the pay is going to be at the pay plan. Thank you ma'am I would like to go back for a minute because I want to be clear on the police officer's side the three officers do you I don't want to know who they are but their years of service a seven year police officer now on this plan nine and 13 nine and 13 what are they what is their salary now do you know can we share that in public form I'm not talking about the new pay plan I'm talking about what they are now I guess it's public record so would you like it as an hourly rate or an annual rate and annual rate please and also I see where and I mean I keep cold both of them I see in the new play plan because I like the way you did it they have the annual then that everyone gets a state supplemental of $7,200 which is what we pay emperors on right yes me 34 and a half percent emperors on their total their salary as well as their supplement that's the same person paid on salary plus state supplement and I'm trying to find the nine in the 13 because I'd like to see what these officers are at right now okay what they would be in the new plan versus an officer because like Lindy pointed out when they came they got a higher rate so maybe they should only be two year employees maybe right now right maybe they won't be on for two years so how much more they make in than a two-year employee would make on this this new pay plan that has been with the soon that's correct they weren't assigned that at the at the time of higher it was added post-tire they just gave additional pay yes ma'am prior chief that's correct for the civil sir for the rules of the pay plan ordinance this this was allowable under the former pay plan ordinance yeah I'm trying to see what the difference is because I want to make sure it's fair about police officers that we have now on the street patrolling that they are not being left behind and that if they have been here two years three years seven years that someone that has just been here two years is not getting more than what they are getting okay so the year nine officer assuming years of credible service makes 48,746 dollars and 88 cents currently that's before supplemental that is before the state supplemental pay yes sir and the 13-year officer makes $52,765 and 44 cents currently yes ma'am without state supplemental pay so in the new projection a nine-year officer which is where they would stay right until we until they caught up if we needed that way it depends on your interpretation if you take away their years of credible service then they only have two years with the city of young spill so it depends where you would place them there if you're taking away the nine years then they would be considered comparable to a year two officer but am I correct in in the new pay plan if they keep those years of service a nine right they are going from 48,746 minus I mean that's not with the supplement to a nine-year employee of 56,000 that is correct yes ma'am does that make sense some of how that you see what I'm talking about how it how it would yeah it makes any sense but I mean we didn't do it so to me we didn't do it yeah I just that's what I'm not I don't I don't understand what you're saying about leaving them until they caught up because basically they were hard not hard at a higher rate of pay but they were given more the years of services would jump the line so to me I don't want a discredit in order I want to give less or pay to any officer but if I'm looking at it as a whole I don't want to I don't want to benefit three when the other 30 plus officers here have been given their use of service and have been loyal and committed to this community for a long time and just because you came in and by prior administration no full of their own were given that then that's the problem where that was yeah I understand I think in either scenario they would not they would not fall onto the matrix because you're holding their pay so a year nine officer I don't know that I just want to make me distinguish you're holding their current rate of pay not necessarily moving them to the new pay plan year nine you're just holding their pay so whether you you push them up with another 2% or whether you hold their rate of pay at what it is today they're not going to be on the matrix either way the first scenario was that eventually they'll the pay plan will catch up with the rate that they are I think the the confusion I mean if years of credible service are what what else is that factored for I mean because once you get I mean the number of vacation hours change at five but I mean are there other other other benefit benefit factors that are determined off of years of service I'll say two things one I don't know as far as I know the only reason to assign above base pay is is just pay it's not going to affect their seniority I wouldn't assume it would impact earning of vacation hours but if you did keep their years of nine and 13 service they would fit into the matrix it's that by removing credit for those particular years of service they go back down to two years of service with the city of young still if you and I don't I don't think I explained this well and forgive me for that but I will do that now one of the things that we had to do as we built this pay plan is ensure that we weren't just moving people according to the new rate of pay we had to move them to ensure that their years of service lined up with where they were supposed to be so for example a year three sergeant according to their date of hire might not have fallen in the year three slot in the previous pay plan perhaps they were at year two and so part of the adjustment was not just increasing starting salary it was also moving them down to the correct slot which is why some of this increases are larger than others. Thank you and that's because the that's because promotions were applied unevenly in the past. I think her points are valid and I think everything is you're saying it's factual I just if you forget it as simple as we can get and two officers walking this room and they sit in front of me and one was hired yesterday and one's been here 10 years and the one to the left goes well I got hired yesterday but they gave me eight years of service this guy's been a 14 years has been in the whole of this community, the whole of the city's been on the streets for 10 years. I don't that decision is I understand that the legality side of it and understand that the points of view but how can we how can we bend the rules and tweak them into the into the matrix off a decision that was never our call. Yeah. So I did the math because the moment was asking for the math. Leaving the staff personnel evidence clerk chief secretary records clerk you have four that are not moving that are being held. No there are four that are that will receive a two percent increase. No no I'm saying on what was presented to us you have four that are at a zero. Four total yes three uniformed personnel and and one support staff yes that's correct. Yeah captain to you have two two police officers and and one records clerk. Just for the council to know three of those positions next year we'll get a raise. When you look at the matrix with the years of service in Young'sville when you look at the years of service which is off to the right of that matrix right that is correct. That's the service that they have provided to the community of Young'sville when you look at that according to your grids. Captain gets a raise next would slightly he it's only I'm gonna say $435 and some change officer one with the nine years which is only two years of service next year be three years is only $551 moving down to the records clerk because I'm gonna come back to the other officer it would be next year because it's only about $800 difference now the second shift officer that's where the biggest discrepancy is it's about a $4500 discrepancy just everybody knows about five years is when that person would catch up so out of everybody that 36 to 35 one person will not be getting a raise within the next year according to if we adopted that is with the amendment to redact the prior ordinance that we made in 21-22 that's why I'm reading it. That appears to be correct. Okay, all right so we're talking we're we're solving a ton of things here we're bumping people up that should have been bumped up years ago. Yes. Years of service is being corrected we're spending a ton of money we're put like Lynn and councilman Volga honest said we're putting everybody into a matrix so where a chief of police can sit there and say here here okay that's what you get yes that's where I hire you at that's where you get oh you're being promoted from Sergeant to next rank okay this is what you'll be at with your years of service in young's will I think that's as simplified as possible we can't this is about 99% great as far as solving all those issues and the two goals that we said was raise starting pay that's being done and an easy pay plan to understand yes so a year for now a year for now we're talking about one personnel person that is not you know compensated they are being compensated they're just going to be held until they hit that four or five year mark any other council comment I'll open it for public comment Dr. Ducer chief unless you have anything else that you like to add at this moment okay thank you all right it's open for public comment for anyone that was just to speak yes sir please come follow me good evening just for a little clarification maybe sell your mind some in terms of the seven year salary this officer we're talking about I'm not sure who it is it is discretionary is it is within the authority of this city to pay an employee say a one year employee at seven years and so that was a choice that's made usually and you know it's within the policies of the agency that the chief of police has granted that latitude however for the purposes of promotion that person can never be promoted according to civil servants law ahead of someone more senior in the agency so does that mitigate some of your concern possibly you know that this seven year patrolman or whatever one year patrolman that's that seven years if he's promoted disargent he's not necessarily going to be a seven year sergeant because he can't be promoted disargent ahead of anybody in the agency that's more senior than he is currently the other the other concern I have I guess clarification maybe as I thought I heard that there's a proposal to abolish the assistant chief position was that I can I can comment on that I mean our chief if you'd like to yeah the assistant chief position is not a classified position it's a state law allows it to be a political appointment if you will and that position in our conversations we didn't feel that it needed to be in that paid matrix it's a function of the budget because I mean it could be on it it doesn't have to be I think when when it was asked to be put on there was a little bit of confusion of who was reporting to who and what that structure would be so for simplicity purposes we said remove it it's not in the budget now but should it become in the budget that rate of pay could be assigned based upon the budget upon the the then chiefs request right on I understand and I would just ask that the council consider not budgeting that salary if the positions that goes unfilled correct it's not it's not in the budget okay it will excuse me but by abolishing it I think that you somewhat tied the hands of any future police chiefs in terms of it's the only appointed position in the agency it's the only position that the chief can actually choose outside the civil service so it's just my thoughts yeah and just to be clear my appreciation of it is the position by title still exists by state law relative to Young'sville it's just should achieve desire to have that position it can be added to the budget by a budget amendment it just isn't necessarily have to fall into the the paid matrix the only discussion is really relative to the pay matrix and because it was decided to just remove it from the pay matrix and then it would just be a function of if a chief wants it he can request it and the council and the chief can set a budget for it so it's it's still an option I guess is my point provided that funds are budgeted for it it's not abolished there's just not funded that's correct okay that's correct it's it's not funded and it if this is adopted it wouldn't be in the the pay plan wouldn't be in the pay plan it's it's not abolished it's just unfunded that's a great way to put it got you thank you so appreciate it any other public comment you the young lady uh you mentioned that it's only a 2% and that's a standard that's been increased raises 2% standard you got that number from scott in our local areas is that correct but I think that's the actually the only thing that I would even have is that it's safe not too far away at the area I'm sorry Dr Dr. G's that I hate 10 a rub yeah we we have people at our view and at home would you mind coming and actually if you'd like you can you can sit here next to next to Pam just so you'll have a microphone available so that way it'll be it'll be heard online so I apologize no worries though the 2% that's basically the norm that's being accepted but is not necessarily where it needs to stand that is correct some municipalities have adopted a mandatory 2% for their police departments but that is not the case for the city of Youngstville again it's the typical rate for most municipalities because it matches their fire departments and they like to keep parity between the two it's not a requirement okay I I would say I'm asking this I don't think the 2% is sufficient understand that it's going to be moved every year they'll get a pay raise every year by what we're trying to accomplish here today but why would the city fire department and other people get a 3% and then our our police department only get a 2% I don't understand how that would fly that's part is confusing to me something else I didn't quite understand is yeah can you look at since they're talking she paused it thank you know there's only four personnel out of the 36 that are 2% or 2.1 just say you know I don't know if you had a copy of the the one that was put online yeah that's what I have so you can accurate information probably that y'all put that y'all put online but we didn't we're not sure you did these numbers everything that I've ever had came along if you pulled it from the city well I'm the city yeah but what we're discussing tonight I'm seeing four but 3 2% and 1 2.1 few some of the future yeah just just for clarification related to that every year since the adoption of the previous paid plan in years previous to that it had been largely 3% I don't think one year we may have held for six months and then we provided a 3% increase maybe in January instead of July this this plan as proposed to us had it at 2 as did the previous plan that came from chief Boudreau was at 2 so I understand but I still don't think I understand the thought process but once we put this in play they're always going to get 2% and if you guys decide to give the city increase of 3% I don't know if that's fair to our guys am I am I lost somewhere on this you're also working off the two separate budgets then you look at Lindy Lindy's fighting for the guys on the you know on the on on the I'm just telling you from a council standpoint we're looking at the 1981 cent tax we can only fund out of that plus there's also alternative funding which is lace and I'll say it's a it's a fair question yeah I'm not I'm not not getting down just clarifying that you know where city personnel might be getting or getting more is because that's a different budget source with with that being said we also state that the in the credible serve in the you know the market comparison that's very vague in the in the amount that in the statement it does not give us an avenue of certain timelines to do a market analysis that's going to be based off of the chief based off of you guys at the end of the day I think that's something that needs to be addressed where we can make sure that we stay in comparison every single year or every three years if the guys are not getting a 3% raise on a on a on a manual basis then I think that we ought to do a market analysis every two years at the end of the day we have to protect the idea of moving people from let's say Scott I want to use Louis as an example because that's the only one I know in the years because he spoke the scenario is he came in with years service right and we paid him for those years service from another facility if I'm if I got if I understand that correctly and if that's the case his knowledge of being on the road and and handle himself as an officer probably exceeds what a current individual is that gets hired on know the experience matters a little bit I don't think that we should change or alter anything that comes down to our limit ourselves to hiring an individual that's inside another facility to come here and penalize that at all I don't think that should be done I apologize I have my notes all over the place on this I got that and one last thing it's a little off topic I apologize but I want to remind everybody Maudi girls coming up and we got to make sure that we don't buy from individuals that try to manipulate signs got been convicted of of anything so let's make sure that we try not to buy from anybody that steals from the city or tries to manipulate anything thank you is there any other public comment yes sir please come forward I don't I don't have an objection to officer hardy is that I don't okay yes officer hardy thank you all for your time effort this I know this is taking a lot of effort and a lot of money I want to explain to you guys real simple I've been in Young'sville almost four years I made 22 year veteran of law enforcement I've led crews I've been lieutenant a lot of places I've been that's fine while I've been here I've trained rookies that have gone to the academy and it cost you guys nothing because I I came trained now when I came in I did not get the money that certain officers got and that's going to affect my retirement because of the fact they came in making more money their retirement is going to be better than mine I don't think that's fair and you guys are tasked to fix that if you're on my it's it's hard numbers you just got to make them work I'm also harder were you were you ever you were hard were you offered up a higher salary because if you're years of service no sir my question I mean I could go down the list that's that was my point I was making is I don't think that it was a fair shot you could ask all thirty five forty offers and say hey were you offered this when you were hard you're to use a service five ten twenty wherever you're at no one was offered that same respect level so to say that officer Hardy comes with a lot of experience and knowledge and and professionalism as and we're proud of having in our agency but to say that we're going to allow three to four people is now going to surpass them in their retirement they've benefited from men in person so that was the point that I was making while I understand the two percent push the morale that it puts in the agency was someone who has that much respect to be here in loyalty it creates a greater divide so it becomes a combat on us while yes we did make the decision to start this office is at a higher salary it's it's on our it's on us to make that correction now and while nobody wants to not give anybody a raise or not not the two percent push it's it's I think it's imperative we make it right today officer Hardy and I don't you don't have to answer but I mean if given the decision the officers that have been paid higher would you propose holding them where they are or continue into advance them I have not an elected official sir yeah thank y'all thank y'all for y'all effort thank you for your service sir yes sir mr. I'll say is it takes a lot to even want to get up it takes a lot to even come and say anything especially in the climate so appreciate that yes sir thank you thank you thank you officer and you anyone else which to address the council yes sir please come forward I think we spent a lot of time electing people to represent us we obviously the whole community boarded for this man obviously he needs some lead way to bear to run his department he knows what it takes to retain officers and to get qualified people to be officers I think we need to listen to the chief on this one yes sir thank you any other public comment yes sir officer Burgess I don't know if I understand if I'm understanding this correctly is the vote be in delayed because of that situation with the three individuals about the concerning the salary no please or is the vote still going to go up it yeah let me let me let me add some context some every every ordinance has to be voted on twice that's just procedural rules two weeks ago when we met we that was the introduction for the ordinance that's what puts the public on notice that there is something up for consideration that proposed ordinance gets published in our journal of record which is the daily the the advocate now and that's what that's what begins the discussion period it's during the introductory period to adoption in which there should be dialogue contacting your elected officials expressing your opinion on it so tonight it's scheduled for adoption now I mean at the council's direction I mean they they they could ask to postpone it to take more time to consider it but as far as I know the council was prepared to take action on it this evening okay all right because I'm speaking for myself but if it's the decision to vote on the raise and approve it yes sir you all could go back and deal with the situation with the three individuals if so desire is that's an option right sure sure I think the I think I think to councilman Ramirez point I don't think anyone wants to lose the main event the main event is right we we certainly I have heard zero objection for many of my colleagues on on offering in improving the pay plan to one in particular to I know that there's been officers that have been promoted in the way it is today it hasn't really been much of a I'm looking at you know off Sergeant you know Levina there wasn't much incentive to really become an off Sergeant so those are the things that that stand before us to be corrected I think there's just some some housekeeping notes because they they certainly want to take it right I mean this is this is you know it's a it's a big decision but I think to councilman Ramirez point in an agency of nearly 40 I think where there's really three that are creating some of the question not the three individuals but how to classify them on a pay scale is what's creating the the those three that's not going to hold the train from going down the track I don't see it's still going to reach his destination right we we we're on track I think the next paper it starts the 26 okay 20 so we're no we're based on the council's action we're ready to implement whatever's decided tonight on on on the next okay yeah yeah yeah you act on it you know we're four individuals so you're at of the 36 so you know you're looking at you know just a small amount of people it is it's a tough decision I don't take it lightly I don't want to sit here and see a zero next to anybody's name but is it right to implement more for those four to the other 32 no it's actually 40 I think we have 44 positions okay I apologize I'm just looking at actual names on here and I'll say and and again a year from now you're looking at one position that is affected that is held still at zero so then a year from now I think we're all sitting here going I'm pretty sure we got it right and the the person came in a little high or got this he's been came in and then ended up getting bumped at some point Tom but I mean that that's pretty good you know not and I'm presented to people in the department a year from now are all going to be receiving something there's a starting line that has consistently been moved over the last decade or two and I feel like consistently people have officers have been left behind the goal retaining with this the 45,000 workers bringing everyone up to the same line and while there are going to be a few instances with a few officers that have been paid more of the goal is to not leave anyone behind but that that fresh mark is now going to set everyone where they're supposed to be there's no more antics over who's where and this person's been here the years of service and I mean look you've been here you've been out hot minute now I wouldn't feel comfortable adopting this I just want to get it right the first time I don't want to come back and change it officer Burgers have you have you seen how this paid plan would it would impact you as an officer that's why I want to train to reach the state we all we all hear for the same reason so I just I just want to I want to make sure I mean if there's a question I know we have meant yes sorry sorry to the landry I don't think I don't think any of the council wants to vote on this until we've heard from where there's officers you know citizens that have shown up tonight we want to make sure we're hearing everything okay my question is if a new administration comes into position does this change how new officers are hired and how much they get paid can they didn't turn the new chief say well this person I've hired this person and I want them to then in turn be given this amount of time for their their years of service somewhere else which is basically what happened previously it's a great question the answers now okay so this payment plan puts it into place where it's kind of stable and the next person coming in has to follow yes man is that correct yes ma'am okay all right so recommendation I've asked around for a couple of different agencies both police and fire and some agencies for instance we've had guys that have left youngs will go in the same George fire when they go there they're starting out as a year one fireman there's some other discrepancies with the same problem going over there but in other agencies you're basically just how I could it's like a signing bonus so if you were to come in from let's say you left here and you went to San Antonio Texas you would start as a one-year officer but they make you a signing bonus because you have so many years of experience if that's something that the city and the police department wants to entertain I could see that being something where hey you got a signing bonus because you came in with so much experience whether they be you know officer hardy or whoever but to say that I could I think we're all in a great way I wouldn't feel comfortable having someone hard in here at 60,000 and you had to come in here and start at 40,000 or 35 or whatever it was it's just unfair so if they want to do a signing bonus of a comparable amount wherever that is you know whether it's a 10,000 bonus or whatever for 20 years of experience I get that but what you're saying is correct I don't know it doesn't change it today but I think that we there's some discussion that we need to have something to put in place or it's kind of prevent that from happening again which would take this work of a pay plan and just kind of the ordinance is introduced does not allow a chief to to do what you're describing okay and the reason why is because the the issue that we're that I appreciate that we're solving is not about recruitment of it's well start I mean pay of course is why everyone's working there's second there's other reasons why we're working we have one open in the opening in our position opening in our office now that we have not to my appreciation have not you've had applicants so I think to dr. Ducez point the reason why at another time that discretionary was put there it was intended for recruitment and you know getting the best officers but I don't think that's a that's not that's not the intention of the plan is presented at this moment so it would be grid and only grid which I think why the big concerted effort was to try to place as many people onto it as possible to remove ambiguity we want you to be able to take it and find it and be easy to understand and I do have one more thing I want to ask for so you mentioned that we miss someone you mentioned that the supplemental pay that we're paying that the city is paying into our retirement from supplemental pay you are not the retirement from supplemental pay is paid by us from supplemental pay so the state gives a check to the city for the supplemental pay you all take the retirement and first takes whatever the amount is the percentage out of that check and then we get the rest so we do not get the whole supplemental pay it's not being paid by the city out of another possible so ampers is actually taking it from you prior to you getting it correct so they're not getting the host every no they were not which is it amount to for me about it's supposed to be about $600 a month I get about 470 okay there's a there's a 10% employee contribution into emperors the city's contributions 34.2 right and that comes from the salary nothing states up the middle so we're withholding the taxes and the emperors amount correct it before you cap yeah Katherine can you and the mic please I can't hear I'm sorry the emperors is calculated with additional supplement okay yeah it's your salary plus supplemental and the emperors what okay which is what I was mentioning that thank you thank you Sergeant area I do have a question please um he mentioned taking the clerk's and everyone else out of the pay plan in the pay plan is it not the same amount as if they were getting the 2% already does it differentiate from that because I saw the plan plan and it's about 2% that they're already going to be receiving is that correct that's correct so if they would stay on the plan 4 out of 5 individuals would receive a 2% increase if they were removed from the plan the idea with that they would match the rest of the city employees at a 3% okay sort of getting the better is okay yeah just one thank you this one anyone else wish to address the council okay let me see it anyone else that hasn't spoke okay there's a request from someone to speak again is there any objection I don't have one yeah thank you Lindy brought up a very good idea of bonicing for basically services are time served in other areas and bringing it here is there any way that we can do some legal jargon right now because you guys are about ready to do your boating can we develop some type of plan real quick where we can get that done because we don't want to lose individuals from other department that bring in years and set them out of pay that's you know lower right we don't really want to do we got to we got to honor that what about doing the bonus aspect of it no matter if it's 5 out whatever you guys decide but given those individuals the opportunity to make more money based off of what they have bringing from another department another area is there any problem with that I'm all about it I just don't know that would be able to make a decision tonight just because I don't want a short change with that with that would look like I don't know I would have to give with multiple agencies in this area because I don't want a short change in the officer that comes in here and let's just say we set the if he comes in with five years experience in his sign on bonuses I don't know it's just say 4,500 but if that's what we set it at but at other agencies comparable if they're signed on bonus maybe like 7,000 I don't want a short change somebody we're going to be at so I think that's something we could do I would hope I think that's just something we would have to get multiple numbers on but I would request that we would get an ag opinion on that because I know state law does not allow government entities to give bonuses that may be the reason some of these officers got more in their sound that might be I would say bonus I'm referring to it's more like a sign on like you're yeah you know I'm saying I'm like this is like a bonus you're getting after the business yeah and I'm kind of looking at just making sure yeah no I agree yeah we get an ag opinion on that I'm saying tonight we're probably not tonight we're not but what can what can we do like right now I know we're going to vote for it and I don't want to take time and and beat this dead horse but what can we do to hold make you guys accountable for the idea because I think it's a fantastic idea and I think that's something that should be looked at and and and addressed but if we vote for it today and then it all goes awry then what do we have well conversation I don't know what we could do tonight I mean the camera the back of the room is jamming and recording and everyone in this room is what I said so I don't think I could leave here tonight and go back and protect my words because we all know people get public words of quest that every day in here so I think that probably after tonight I mean I'm just just gonna keep it real yeah I think after tonight I think there's gonna be a lot of discussion on how we could better I think what we're gonna what we're trying to accomplish tonight is probably one of the largest pay raises and pay plan adoptions I think in young's lose history yeah um and I think that we're gonna we're gonna boost them around and put people where they're supposed to be and it's gonna be a lot of uh I think in joman out of that but as far as the san on perks and redeem I think someone has a great point I think between that uh some attorney opinions ag's and I think maybe with some collaboration they add in we could probably get that accomplished I'm the mission lady that has a phd says there's avenues that we can go down to get said done it's not on the channel I can get you guys commit to this all right thank you let's look into appreciate thank you anyone else switching to address the council any other members of the young's or police department any any questions or concerns I'm happy to answer anything relative to this or the process or I don't want there to be any I don't want there to be any confusion or there's been a lot of um I think there's been some things that could be described as misinformation so I would rather get ahead of it if there is any question I'd like to answer it all right thanks for marrying Mary I'd like to go ahead and make a motion on ordinance number 462 got one dash 2025 adopting the new city police department pay plan as presented as presented tonight as presented tonight yes yes with the with the amendments with the amendments do Nicole do you need the amendments mentioned very hmm that's good with the next one to lose this is verbalism there would there's no second guess yes she was the verbalism okay as presented with the amendments as presented to us tonight for the annual salary increase you want it read the entire thing okay yeah where you keep going I had something one bad I was keeping in keep it okay yeah all right should an employee pay exceed the anticipated rate of pay for his or her rank and corresponding years of service the employees rate of pay shall be held to a 0% increase until such time his or her rate of pay matches the anticipated rate of pay on the pay plan matrix it's good okay move at the continued user service is that in the red we're not too probably we're removing the evidence record is clear no no I were keeping that in preventing them in the pay plan credible service only full-time continuous continuous enforcement service with the Young'sville Police Department is counted toward the Young'sville City YSC prior law enforcement service at other departments is not included in said calculation all right motion on the floor by councilmember Romero I have second I have some I'm sorry just you second yeah do you want to miss cool you can second yeah second all right the second by mr. Bolgiano yes mr. Nylon just with what was brought up previously that was discussed that we had normally the police officers had been getting a 3% annual I would like to make a motion to go from two to three I don't know what the financial impact of that would be I know that we did recoup some funds from removing the assistant chief because of which I guess I wasn't budgeted but if we've been doing it I don't see why we wouldn't continue it so that would be my motion is to go from two to three can I ask a question just consul Nylon are you requesting that it be done 3% more this year or wait till the following year when the 2% would kick in okay thank you which which was the what was the clarification this year next year next year when the 2% would kick in it would go to three I mean we are we're committed to a certain dollar amount but we we have been very conservative the last three or four years on our budget thankfully we've come to bed but again we've done what 3% every year this is for the one time that we waited till January it was 2020 yeah you say I have a question yeah initial rollout for this pay plan at a 3% of 2% overall about 166 thousand more for the city can you repeat that I still can't hear I'm sorry so to change the increments for each year from 2 to 3% would cost an additional 166 thousand based on based on based on today's we're already having the fun can you can you repeat how much more it we're over now out of that tax you're talking about the tax that's correct so we're we're spending how much money so part of the budget the general fund has to transfer in addition to the lace funds that the PDs the 1981 also contributes this bad to and how much we funding out of the general fund I mean based off of the budget I'll just write on that yeah to cover about 1.8 million 1.7 million 1.76 so 7.6 and you have 160 above that to increase the total this is just on the implementation comparison from 2% to 2% so I don't have that ran for all the employees year over year right just to give you a good time okay thank you are you asking why it's more than 2% it's 2% because it's inclusive of the 7200 supplemental so to say whatever salary it is plus 7200 times 2% and then minus 7200 again no it's actually more than it shows more than 2% if you're trying to if you're trying to find it yeah yeah it's like 2.3 so was that was that a substitute motion or you just make in a comment or would you know I'm still holding motion all right is there a second to Mr. Niles motion all right motion dies for failure for second we have so we have a motion in a second to adopt it as introduced the changes would be the elimination of the assistant chief position on the pay plan and in addition to that adding some clarification language related to the I guess specific to the three employees that would not be getting a raise that are with are the four employees that are with on within the pay plan that are not getting a raise this year just point of clarification as council member Romero said three of the four are eligible and would be in the matrix next year and then clarifying the language about credible service being continuous and an increase to the ranked differential for the deputy chief of police a public removal of the assistant yes man you're correct thank you for making that point so that that increases greater than will was on the introductory one okay now that those are the parameters as a motion a second I'll open it again for public comment if there is any yes sir when you're doing when we're doing the figuring as Ms. Barra Barra I'm saying Faras I apologize until your husband I'm sorry basically we're doing the math at 2.3 instead of the two right the 2.3 I ask that one of you step up and say if the city any of the employees get a 3% raise all for just get a 3% raise period that's not fair it's not good you're committing to a 2% that they're guaranteed but when's the last time you guys haven't gotten a raise now y'all you don't need to step that up you can't leave them behind and you guys keep going 4.2 4.1 on city council members even though it's a little bit of money just to answer your question that was because the transition of the council members last year so when you can carry a year over a year that's what the 4.1 yeah but when is the last time that police department hasn't got an annual 2% or 3% raise every year but what I'm getting at is you're guaranteeing them 2% it's always been like you're not guaranteeing them the 3% to match everybody that you guys work with everybody this young lady this young lady this young lady everybody's going to get 3% these guys are going to get 2 but they're also they're sending like 72 years based off of their new salary that doesn't does that I understand you're the math guy right here but the city employees here also aren't getting impers nor are they getting states of the mill nor are they getting anything else so they understand I get it but we're also we're also talking about 20% 19% 12% 16% 6% we're talking about 4 3 individuals that 2 you want it to point out I'm so much this year I'm not being a reason why there is a why I'm not catching up may I yes the reason why I did not second his motion is because we're looking at something in the future I'm worried about today and as Officer Burgess said getting these people paid right now I want it I know I know we can afford this right now the extra 163,000 Catherine is that what you said I don't think we can afford that right now in the in the climate we're in so I know budget wise we can afford this unfortunately holding for people in a year from now could we handle a special meeting let's say tomorrow after you guys have time to think about if you can afford 160,000 well what what I would offer is that I think the issue we've been asked to solve today was starting pay and to to increase pay overall I'm committed to work with the chief to ensure whatever he needs is being addressed at the applicable time as an example at some point we'll need an additional officer or two or three are we seven down on that not being a smarty but aren't we seven down at the point based off of with the numbers at us all no my appreciation is we have one open and we have multiple that are on leave that's my appreciation for the last paperwork the last paperwork I got said we were seven down well let me get it in front because you get one paperwork then I get I'm the one sent up here so I know I'm pretty pretty daunting huh you had a lot of documents in the last probably six to eight months that I've never gotten yeah well and I fact check them and it's kind of funny because I've never fact check one that was that was right and I'm sitting here trying to accomplish a great goal and you're literally holding up a great accomplishment to learn how to fact check or you just just start making it up who's making it up these are items that you guys don't think you produce was up here with me because it's not real those all numbers came from your from you guys but I didn't make these I appreciate you being a system young so I appreciate you caring for all officers I don't want to try to accomplish a great thing tonight and you're literally just holding it up I'm not hold what you are you're fighting for the guys that I understand that you fought okay but you bring the people up to where it needs to be and you're satisfying a few things but I want to stick why can't we do the 3% because we're in budget for above I want to do a lot of things in this city I want to four lane should a meadow but I don't have the millions of dollars to get that done today but that'd be like you ask me to do it today I don't have it I just want you to make our commitment if you budget for something today we're proving it today if you want that for next year then we'll have to review that for next year's budget now how are you asking me to give you a yes or something I don't know the answers to well I'm asking you may be hold it for a day and you'll think about it before you do anything I don't think this is a this is a forever decision I think it's it's points well taken and I think they'll be evaluated I mean when we begin the budget process for next year I think that'll be a component that we evaluate and we'll consult with the chief on what's necessary and what's needed what are the priorities you know is it vehicles is it staffing as I appreciate it the chief campaign on more officers on patrol and moving certain positions from administrative roles to patrol roles and I think that's what he's doing and then we're also he's also following through on the conversations of pay plan so what I rely on is the person that's elected by the people relative to policing so when it becomes an issue and he needs more I'm sure he'll consult with me I meet with the man every day good and Lindy one more thing when I do my public request I'll go back through you to see if I can get it right but I'm sure you are I'm sure that I'll end up on Facebook the antennae I but I'm not I'm not he doesn't bother me I it doesn't bother me there's nothing there's nothing here for you to be bothered with because I'm only presenting I'm only bothered by you because you're literally up here just rambling at this point and we're accomplishing a great task I believe you are but I want more for the guys thank you anyone else wishing to address the city council no all right there's a motion and second on the floor misgidry please call the vote miss Barrett yes Mr. Romero yes ma'am Mr. Yes yes motion approved if if anyone if anyone has questions please make sure that you bring him to me I'm happy to answer and and share the information that that that we know agenda item 8.2 ordinance number 506 2025 in ordinance of the city of Youngso Louisiana meaning the code of ordinances chapter 115 flood damage prevention article five provisions for flood hazard reduction to fulfill prerequisites of the CRS program so is that a motion by Ms. Barrett yes thank you ma'am in a second by Ms. Champagne all right thank you both is there any council comment or question any public comment related to the the ordinance of for final adoption okay if there's no public comment misgidry please call the vote miss Barrett yes Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Romero yes Mr. Island yes yes motion approved all right any other business before the city council already set a motion to adjourn all right second all right prior to doing so I want to wish Mr. Todd a happy birthday in the front row thanks for being here spending your birthday with this all in favor to adjourn yes Ms. ma'am councilwoman bar is on her first beautiful grand door yes thank you very excited yes let me say before before we vote to adjourn I didn't do any staff announcements so if you'd like if there's any questions or updates relative to engineering about the road projects hailey hailey hailey please please go ahead just a farmers market this Saturday Foster Park it looks like the rain is going to hold out please please please I'm sad that so many people left before talking about this because y'all should be out and supporting your local businesses in our for our farmers market also dancing with the stars is next Saturday once again we've got some dancers here on our city council this paeum I think there's a couple others out here in the audience oh there we go winner oh goodness gracious so please go and support the chamber and dancing with the stars you can buy votes if you're not able to attend for your favorite dancer and finally each sweet restaurant week weeks is going to be starting August 1st so we've got 34 participating restaurants each sweet young still calm please go check out the website August 1st through 31st go out support our local restaurants by dining out with them that's it thank pan I I'm good no please I'm good if you have questions for me I mean we're just moving right along I don't see they sort of don't trees I'll remove all the first out of the year so I would like to just say that I have spoken to you and this has come up previously and we've talked about it a little bit about going into because the city is growing so fast for us to look at going into districts instead of divisions and I just wanted to grief the council because I am going to ask the mayor to put it on the next hopefully the next agenda that for discussion purposes there will be a lot of thought going into it a lot of discussion as well as public input but I just wanted to give you all food the thought and we have spoken about that before so that is coming thank you ma'am thank you ma'am any other council announcements Susan anything you want me to share wastewater treatment plant bids open on the 25th 23rd okay even better all right anything else all right all in favor to adjourn hi all right meeting adjourn have a great evening bless