 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you have a very detailed budget in front of you. If you have any questions, obviously ask me. I'll do my best to answer it. If I can, I know Catherine can. With that being said, why don't we go to page two and take a look at the budget message. It's a lot of information in the budget message. I'm obviously not gonna read everything to you. I would direct you toward the middle of the page with the revenues. They have the sales tax commentary there. Revenues for 25, 26 are a budget to remain flat. We'll see that when we take a look at it. But I wanted to point it out here. Next section is advolomate taxes budgeted for a 4% increase for fiscal year 26. Small, blah, blah, blah, blah. The resource officer utility system. Let's take a second here. Revenues for the fiscal year 26 budget reflect projected growth across all utility departments driven by anticipated increases in housing. Fiscal year 25 budget includes a 4% increase in new utility customers. Effective July 1st, 2025, or next week. Water and soil rates will increase by 4.8% in line with the CPI. And garbage rates will increase by 6.1% based on the CPI. We will take a look at the utility fund a little bit later in greater detail. The expenditure commentary toward the bottom is about the raises. A 3% cost of living adjustment is being given to all full-time non-elected employees. And that total cost of the city is $108,200. The next section, the same 3% cost of living is being given to the fire department. And that is being funded by the 4% increase in the advolomate taxes. Moving on to page three at the top. There's some commentary about the police department. You can see that there was a proposed budget, or this proposed budget includes an initiative to update the police pay plan to improve recruitment and retention of commissioned officers. So the starting salary is going to increase to 45,000. And that's 52,200, as you can see, with state supplemental pay. And then there's some more detail about the expenditures below that number. Moving on toward the capital project section, I'm gonna spend a bit of time reading here because I feel as though the narrative is a bit more explanatory than just looking at the list of 34 items that we'll look at in a second on page six and seven. So with that being said, first sentence, the budget includes a capital outlay request of numerous items, I think it's about 34 items, totaling $36 million. And like I said, we'll take a look at that list in a second. Police department, not a lot in the police department, the biggest thing being that third year payment for the axon enterprise contract and one additional patrolling unit, I think it's about $66,000. The road projects, a lot going on here for roads and streets, 20.8 million in total, no new initiatives, the highway 89 widening and the fortune road extension around about projects are expected to be completed by the end of the fiscal year. Both projects are state capital outlay projects and reimbursed at 75%. So you talk about 20.8 million, reimbursed at 75. It's a lot of savings to the city rather than having to fund all that. The LaRivia road improvement and reconstruction project is scheduled for a nine month timeline. It will be funded from 80% of the federal highway grant. And then we have some utility projects. Excuse me, a new water treatment plant, pump station upgrades, and begin enhancement to the wastewater treatment facility, those projects total 13.1 million. And then finally, the Youngsville Park and Rec, various items there, totaling about 1.3 million. So I thought the narrative, it's specifically talking about the amount being funded by the state and the feds on that those road projects worth reading rather than going to 67 and trying to do the math. It was easier to see it there. Any questions on the budget message? If there's not, let's go to page six. And page six is a detailed listing of the various capital outlay items that are gonna take place during fiscal year 26. I'm gonna kind of move through it quickly. If somebody has a question, obviously go ahead and stop me. Numbers one through four for the general fund. You can see what they are totaling 221,000 being funded by the general fund. Numbers five and six, these were mentioned in the budget message. This is for police, the axon thing that we talked about as well as the patrol unit, 342,000. Then number seven through 16. This is the bulk really of the capital being spent in Youngsville this year. And we call it capital project, but it's really street improvements. And you can see those are some very large items. And that's totaling 20.8 million, as we talked about in the budget message. Total for the governmental funds, 21.3 million on page six. Then looking at the bottom of page six, we get the utility fund. That's numbers 17 through 21 for a total of 13.1 million. Then we start parks and rec when the bottom of page six and go into the top of page seven, it continues. And that total for parks and rec is 1.3 million. The biggest two items being numbers 33 and 34, the LED lighting for baseball and the linear park numbers 33 and 34. And as we're stated in the budget message, that total for all capital projects for the city of Youngsville, 35.8 million. Any questions about the various listings here on page six and seven? Okay, if there's not, now let's go to page 23. And we'll take a look at the utility fund. And rather than going through each department within the fund, we're just gonna hit the fund as a whole. So we heard in the budget message, the reasons for the increase in the revenues, more users of the system as well as the increases in the rates. You can see, I'm not sure which, they're looking at that one that you have, Catherine. Yeah, so the four left column is your 24 actual and then the four right two columns is your 25 and 26, that's the three columns I'm gonna be concentrating on. Those middle estimated columns, I'm not gonna have any comments on today. So 24 actual total revenues for the entire utility fund, 8.66 million in fiscal 24, an increase in fiscal 25 to 10 million, 468, about 1.8 million for the reasons we talked about in the budget message. And then fiscal 26, 10.89 million, about $421,000 increase from fiscal 25 to 26. The expenditures are listed out in great detail here on page 23. And then we have in fiscal 24 and operating laws at the very bottom of the page of $514,000. That flips to an operating profit of $541,000, over a million dollar swing in one year, that's excellent and it was needed. Because when we went over the audit, you wanted to try and be in an operating profit. You guys made that in fiscal 25 and then projecting again an operating profit for fiscal 26 of $357,000. And then taking a look at page 24, it's worth mentioning here, normally the one big item in the non-operating revenues is only the abnormal property tax. Give or take 600,000, you can see the increases 25 and 26. But you can see in fiscal 25, 4.2 million of state grants, this was mentioned in the budget message. And then here again in fiscal 26, $3.4 million to supplement the different projects you guys have going on to enhance the sewer system, mainly. And then there's a few other items, not that big. But total income before contributions and transfers, only 38,000 in fiscal 24, up to $5.00,000,000 in fiscal 25, and $4.3 million in fiscal 26. So quite a bit going on here in non-operating that we typically don't have, other than just the property tax. Then of course we have the transfers, those all balance out as of course they should. Any questions on utility fund? Okay, let's now go to page 30 and this is the sports complex. In on page 30, I'm really only gonna hit a couple of items, there's a lot of information on the page, but I wanna look at the operating revenues being generated by the sports complex. So you can see in 24, a million, 3.76, we have an increase in fiscal 25 to a million, 407. And then a pretty large increase in fiscal 26 to a million, 365, and I bring your attention to the special event, that's the reason and almost the sole reason for the increase from 25 to 26 of a quarter million dollars. It was $600 literally in fiscal 25, up to a quarter million. We'll see at the bottom of page 30, the related expense of about 225,000. So you'll buy a 10% margin on that particular event. The other thing I wanna point out on page 30, other than the revenues we just did, the special event is the largest expense within the sports complex on page 30, is your depreciation. It's worth pointing out, cause I'm gonna come back to the number toward the end of our conversation on sports complex, a million 584 and fiscal 24, a million 875 and fiscal 25 and fiscal 26. It's worth it when we talk about the cash flow of the sports complex toward the end. So let's see here, continuing on with page 30, just a special event, I pointed that out at the very last line item on page 30. Flip it to page 31 now if you could. We get the total expenditures for the sports complex. And really year to year 24, 25, extremely close within $7,000 of each other. 5,000, 2,92, and 24, 5,000, 2,99, and 25, extremely close. And then an increase to 5,000, and 758, mainly because of that special event cost that we talked about on page 30. That's the main reason for the variance from fiscal 25 to fiscal 26. The next section is recreation. If you see it's just a couple of items, really minimal, $63,000, $68,000 and $24,000, $25,000, a slight increase to $86,000 in fiscal 26. Then we have the park expenditures, all detailed out and in total those, 175 and 24, 153 and 25 and 113 and fiscal 26. Total expenditures bringing everything together, 5.5 million and 24, very similar number, actually $10,000 less in fiscal 25 and 5,000, 5,21, and then an increase in the expenditures in large part because of that special event, to 5.9 million in fiscal 26. Operating losses all three years, is what you always see, it's not made here to generate money, 4.1 million lost in 24 and 25, and a slight increase in the loss to 4.3 million in fiscal 26. One change that we're spending a little bit of time on here is the non-operating revenues. You can see in 24, it was only $38,000. Not much to talk about there, we really wouldn't talk about it when we presented. What was changed in fiscal 25 is the 2012 sales tax is now accounted for in the sports complex. The administration and I agree, it presents a much clearer picture on one page, what the sports complex is doing because we're accounting for the sales tax, dedicated only for the sports complex, as well as the related interest on the debt, now on this single statement, that used to be on other areas and we'd have to tell you what it was. Here you can see it all at one place. I think it gives a more clear picture, and you can see looking at fiscal 25, that $5 million at the top, that used to be your 2012 sales tax in the special revenue fund. You can see now we're accounting for it here, and Catherine's projecting the administration, that to be flat in fiscal 26. So it's literally the exact same number both years. But then you can see a total non-operating, I can say it was minimal in fiscal 24, up to an income of 4.1 million and 25, and basically the same number, 4.1 million and fiscal 26. But look at the income before contributions and transfers. We used to have to transfer a bunch of money to make the sports complex basically solvent. When you look at it here, you had a loss of 4.2 million and 24, you have an income. In fiscal 25, if 31, 7, and then a slight loss in 2026 of 147, this is where I wanted to point out the million 875 of depreciation. When you add that back in fiscal 25 and 26, it's cash flow. Net of the interest and net of the principal, the principal's not shown here, but the interest on the debt is. So we always are trying to explain to you how it really would cash flow. Well, to me, it makes it a lot more clear to indicate it does cash flow, which I think is fantastic, considering all the improvements and all the expenditures that we just went through and took a look at. Does that make sense to everybody? Demo is best to explain that in a clear way. Okay. Any questions on the sports complex? Would that being said, we would conclude the budget presentation on page four, bringing everything together for the city? And it's a good transition from the sports complex to page four because, had we not taken a look at that, you see the taxes are very first line out of them in 2024, 20 million 861. And then you look at 2025, 15.5 million. It's like, okay, what happened is, that 5 million is now in non-operating because it's been accounted for in the sports complex. It's still on the page. And then you can see for 2022, 26, 15.5 million, as was indicated in the budget message, sales taxes are basically flat, and that's what you can see indicated right here. Licenses and permits 1.5 million and 24, an increase in the current year to 2.1 million, and then we're budgeting back down to 1.5 million in fiscal 26. Intergovernmental, 4.7 million in fiscal 24, about 8 million in 25, 18.5 million in fiscal 26. This is all the money, state capital outlay, the federal money you guys are getting to supplement the road and the utility projects you have going on. Fines and court costs 1.1 million and 24, 767,000 and 64,000 respectively in 25 and 26. Utility fund, we just went over that. Missilani is 334,000 and 24, 214,000 and 25, 167,000, excuse me, budget for fiscal 26. Interest income, 272,000 and 24, 58,000, budget for both 25 and 26. And then the sports complex, we just went over those revenues a second ago. Total revenues for the city, 38.9 million in fiscal 24, pretty big number. 38.5 million and fiscal 25, but the biggest number in the history of Young'sville, 49.2 million and fiscal 26. Quite the number there, almost 50 million dollars. Didn't think I'd ever see that, but it's big. That's good. I'd like to be proud of there. Moving on to the expenditures, general government, 2.7 million and 24, 3.1 in both 25 and 26. Public safety police, 4.8 million and 24, slight increase to 4.9 and 25, and then a slight increase to 5.1 in fiscal 26. Fire 2 million and 24, we'll call it 2.1 million both in 25 and 26. Streets and drainage, this is just the operation, it's obviously not the capital. 1,8 and 24, down to 1,5 and 25. And then up to 1,8, kind of where we were in 24 and fiscal 26. Utility system, we went over that, sports complex, we went over that, capital out, we went over that, debt service. Principle, 2.2 million and 24, 2.3 million and 25, and up to 2.4 million and fiscal 26. Interest, 1.2 million and 24, 1.1 million in both 25 and 26. Yet some slight issuance costs in 24, we don't have any of that for 25 and 26. Total expenditures, 38.2 million in last year, the audit year, fiscal 24. Up to 40 million, we're expecting in the current year, 25, and then again, I think the higher water mark ever, 53.7 million in fiscal 26. So 26 is the biggest year ever in the history of young, it's a huge year. Operating income in 24, 728,000, operating loss, we're expecting in 25, at 1.8 million, operating loss in fiscal 26, at 4.5. But remember, if we'd had that five million above the line, those would have both been profits. So we move on to the non-operating revenues and expenditures. There's that property tax that we saw in the utility fund. And the sales tax is 2012, from the sports complex being accounted for here, at the state grant money that we talked about, in utility, the interest expanse, so on and so forth, total non-operating revenues, 513 and 24, up to 8.9 million in fiscal 25, and 8.2 million in fiscal 26. And come before contributions and transfers, a profit of 1.2 and 24, a profit of 7 million in fiscal 25, and a profit of 3.6 million in fiscal 26. And when you consider all the capital you have, that amount of money you guys, again, from the state and the Fed, is a huge help. Otherwise, it would have been a massive loss to be funding that without that 75 and 80% of the master we talked about. So overall, a really strong budget, when you consider all the activity going on, to basically be cash flow in it. And the mayor had mentioned in a conference call, we had about the budget, that some of these grants are not reimbursable, in the sense that you're going to have to spend cash flow, if you don't get the money, you'll send the invoice and get the money directly to pay it, which is huge from a cash flow perspective. So the mayor is able to get that done. It seems, it's an easy thing to say, but when you're trying to cash flow $36 million, that's a challenge. So the fact that he has those grants, that way is a huge benefit to the city, and to the citizens, we have to expedite these processes. That's my presentation. Any questions on anything I talked about, or did not talk about? Shane, you had both then. That was an accident, I guess. I didn't even hear it, I was rolling. No, that was, I think you just hit it. By accident. Any comments from the council? All right, this time I'd like to open the floor for a public hearing, and if see if there's any public comment, from members of the audience. All right, I'm going to give you, there's no public comment on that. This was the budget, this was the hearing also on the amended budget for the end of the fiscal year for June 30th, 2025, as well. So if there's no comments or questions relative to either one of those, Brad, what thank you, we'll open the, we'll go into our next item here, where we'll actually take action on it. So thank you all, appreciate the opportunity to be here. Appreciate the business. Thank you, Brad, sincerely appreciate it. All right, ordinances for public hearing and final adoption at 5.1 is budget amendment ordinance, number 504 2025. It's an ordinance of many the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Yangsville, Louisiana for fiscal year 24, 25. I do want to point out that the budget at your seats tonight has been amended from introduction. What we wanted to do was to give you, was to make certain that since this is several weeks after the first draft we gave you wanted to make sure that this final amended budget has the most accurate expenses that we're capturing for this fiscal year. Is that correct? Is that correct, Catherine? Okay. So all right, motion by Mr. Volgiano, is there a second, second by Ms. Barras, any council comment? I'll open the floor again if there's any public comment, what we're doing is amending the budget for the year that ends on the 30th. Okay, if there's no public comment, I'm going to skip you, please call the vote on the amended budget. And then Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Barras? Yes. Little brood. All right, agenda item 5.2 is budget ordinance 505 2025. In ordinance, adopt an annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Yangsville, Louisiana for fiscal year 2526. Council of the budget, your seats has also been amended this evening. There's been a couple of, there was several small errors that we caught. And again, we wanted to give you the most updated copy and projection for the new fiscal year since the draft that was provided to you previously. Catherine can go into further detail if you'd like. The copy that we just reviewed in the summary, is the most current copy. That's correct. All right, motion by Mr. Romero. Yeah, second by Mr. Volgiano. I like to amend the motion too. See, you're okay with removing that. Like that, can't. Well, I'd like to add amendment to the 5-05- 2025 amending further to do a 3% cost of living increase as well for mayor and city council. And I'll just point out that the chief of police he did opted to not be included in this. Let's get you got it. All right, is there a second on the amendment? Or can we just do as amended? As amended, I'm talking. Yeah, Mr. Volgiano is fine with Mr. on the road. All right, any council comment? And we'll ask for if there's any public comment related to the budget adoption for the new fiscal year that begins July 1st. It is a public hearing, so we welcome any feedback. All right, if there's no public comment, Ms. Gidrew, please call the bull. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Mr. Vary. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you, council. Brad, thank you, sir. Catherine. Thank you. Sincerely. Huge milestone for you. I know it's been a lot of work. So I appreciate it. There's a lot more. A lot more lines. A lot of some combination of funds. There's been a lot of work leading up to this. So I do want to thank you for that. And perhaps I was going to do before we adjourn. Well, we can do it before we adjourn. The meeting before we adjourn the meeting, and I would request that Catherine give us an update on our our last our last audit findings, because now with the budget amended and our new budget adopted, we're going to be rolling right into our audit. And we're required to have our audit submitted to the state by December 31st and Brad, we're in we're in great position to to be able to do that back on track with the with the funds and solidated as you saw. So just pointing that out to remind me, because when I get to just announcements at the end, I'll ask Catherine to give us an update on those. So all right, thank you both. All right, preliminary plots. This is a public hearing request for preliminary plot approval for Sugar Mo Pond phase 28 located section 12T11S are for E. Notice Garrett's not here this evening. So Pam, Pam, you're on deck. Am I on? Okay, now I am. All right, so we recommend this plot has been reviewed. We did receive the ADRC report as well. The hearing examiner review for this one. We recommend approval of this preliminary plot with the following comments. So on the specific plot revisions, we recommend no waivers to any of the revisions requested by the hearing examiner. We would like them to remove zoning under general notes. We don't have zoning in Young's Hill. The line between point of commencement and point of beginning needs to be a different shade from the subdivisions boundary. The boundary corners of the subdivision. We'd like them to be more visible so that this can be reproducible. Utility niches need to be shown on the plot. On the conditions, we recommend no waivers to the conditions that are in the hearing examiner review. And I'm going to make sure that we call out several of these that are normal to remind the developer and of course, the owner that's going to have this property that they need to meet all of our Young's Hill infrastructure requirements, such as three and a half inch us fall roadway, 12 inch soul summit base, with 11 foot travel lanes, and that the constructed buildings must be elevated 18 inches above the center of the road or one foot above BFE, is higher. And then all of the other ones or our normal ones we always have with regards to utilities, this will, this particular plat, will have to pay the capital improvement fees. It is a lot creating a demand. And then bringing your attention to the number 15, the approval of this preliminary plat does not constitute approval of drainage collection or detention systems for this lot. The developer will be required to demonstrate and provide the city, the required detention and collection system calculations. In addition, the developer shall show proof that the adequate parking has been provided and any use of street parking shall meet the requirements of the city's ordinances. We don't want anybody double counting if anything is going to be used that is part of common area of Sherry Mill Pond. And it is also recommended that this, it is a recommendation that this lot be part of the Sherry Mill Pond HOA to ensure enforcement of the ordinances of that development. Thank you Pam, the developers here. Mr. Jordan, Dago, Jordan, you are welcome to address the council if you would like. Yeah, Mayor council, here to answer any questions you got. I would say for the public's benefit, this is one lot that is next to the board's physical therapy on oceans drive. It is right across from water view apartments. So it is one lot, it is about 18,673 square feet. The developer's intention is to sell the property and the use of it would be basically a three story. We included it in part of your packet since we knew what the use would be basically a three story condominium unit, two units per floor. So but the parking spell down in the use. So that is in the, if you are looking at the larger plaid that is just showing you the, how that lots being carved out the last page, actually on the back of the last page on Garrett's letter to me that is in your packet, we will show the, yeah, should that one shows you the parking and, I think I had one that showed the, actually the two, two and two. So, all right, if there is any questions from the council, relative to this, Mr. Ramara. Yeah, Hey Jordan, how you doing? How many units roughly? I think it is two buildings, one of the buildings he mentioned maybe doing a mix use building with commercial and the bottom residential above. So if he does that, I know one of the buildings has six units. Okay. The other one if he does commercial in the bottom, I don't imagine more than probably three or four. And much like a lot of Shogmoban, I know you have some parking but street parking is probably going to be some street parking in the front of the side, but he's doing an internal parking lot behind the building that shouldn't be visible in the street. Okay, great. Appreciate it. Yes sir. Any other questions? It will be part of the HUA, by the way. Okay, so no objection. All right. Is there any public comment relative to the subdivision of property? All right, there's no subdivision of property, Mr. Ramara. Are no public comment rather regarding the subdivision of property. Motion to approve, preliminary, for Shogmoban, Phase 28. All right. Thank you, Mr. Ramara. Mr. Boljano seconds. There's no public comment. Let's get you, please call the vote on approval. Mr. Ramara. Yes. Mr. Neilland. Yes. Ms. Barres. Yes. Motion to approve. All right. Thanks, Lauren. Janadim 7.1 is ordinance 462.1, 2025, in ordinance repealing ordinance 462.2021, and enacting a new salary schedule and pay plan for the enforcement officers of the city of Young'sville Police Department. Here with us this evening we have our Dr. Janel, do say she's with a million analytics. Dr. DuCay was engaged by the city, assigned agreement with her sometime last calendar year that then Chief Luvier brought to me, and it was incomplete at the time. So Chief Bruce Sard, with assistance from our CFO, helped get us to tonight. So Janel, the floor is yours, ma'am. Okay. Well, I assume that you have, it's the Matrix and the employee listing. So I'll just walk through a couple of the changes that we made. So when I met first with interim Chief Luvier and then with Chief Bruce Sard at the beginning of the year, the primary goal for the pay plan was to increase starting salary, starting salaries increasing throughout the parish. And that was the primary goal. They also wanted to enact a plan that was very easy to follow, which has been a bit of a struggle in the past with the department. The challenge with a seniority based pay plan is that increasing the starting salary usually results in most of the money going towards the upper ranks of the department. To combat that, we have reduced the rent differentials. Ranked differential minimums are actually outlined by state statute. Those are found in Louisiana Revised Statute 33, 22 and 12. So in the current pay plan, the rank differentials are as follow. And I'll back up to say that a rank differential is defined as for this particular pay plan, movement from police officer to a senior rank and we're looking year to year. So three year police officer to three year sergeant, for example. So in the current pay plan, the rank differentials are as followed. From police officer to sergeant is 20%. Police officer to lieutenant is a 40% increase. Police officer to captain is 60% and police officer to deputy chief is 80%. The Revised Statute that I mentioned earlier, they outlined the rank differentials as followed. From police officer to sergeant is 10% from police officer to lieutenant is 15%. From police officer to captain is 25% and then police officer to assistant chief and deputy chief ranges from 35 to 40% depending on how the department chooses to use those two positions. There is an assistant chief in the statute. There's no deputy chief defined in the statute. There is a major which this particular municipality doesn't have. So it depends which one is acting in the role of major and which one is going to be the true second in command as to which rank differential that you use. Excuse me. So in the proposed pay plan, the starting salary does move to 45,000 for new police officers. That results in an average percent increase for police officers of 11.3%. For sergeants that result in an average percent increase of 16.1%. That calculation does not include the vacant position just because it would have skewed the numbers you're going to be going, it would be a promotion plus an increase which would have skewed the numbers a little higher. For the class of lieutenant, the average percent increase would be 9.5%. There is one incumbent in the class of captain and for reasons I can discuss in a minute if that's of interest to you. That particular person will be held at his salary. So there will be no percent increase for that particular position. The deputy chief will receive a 2% increase and the assistant chief is a classification that chief brusse artist hoping to fill in fiscal year 2526. Do you have any questions about what you have? Would you like explanations about anything else in particular? Yes. You brought it up. Can you elaborate on your recommendation for the keeping the captain position flat? Sure. There are actually four employees in the employee listing who are being held at a 0% increase. That's the recommendation as it would align with the administration's policy. We're actually making some changes to policy and I think those are found in the pay plan rules. A few things happen over time. Administration's change, chiefs of police change. For whatever reason some of these individuals can get out of alignment in relation to the rest of the department. So for two employees for whatever reason they're considered higher relative to the rest of the department. And so instead of penalizing these two individuals, you're basically just going to hold them constant and let the pay plan catch up to them. Then there are two employees who are given years of creditable service. That was a pay plan rule that I think is going to go under revision this evening or at least except for introduction. And what that is is they were employed with another agency, a law enforcement agency. They were given credit for their time with another department. Usually that's a tool that municipalities use to hire experienced officers so that they're not having to pay to put people through training. But the City of Youngsoil has made a decision that they really want to honor service with the City of Youngsoil over service with another municipality. So years of creditable service is going away. These two individuals were given years of creditable service upon hire. Again, do not want to penalize these two individuals for that. But they're just going to be held at their rate of pay until the pay plan can catch up with them. So there are other questions for Dr. Ducy. So this is for introduction. I'll share which means that based on your decision this evening it will come back at a future council meeting for adoption. But with emotion and a second we can open the floor for if there's any public comment. We can comment now. That's fine. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see that. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, let's do that first maybe. All right. Motion by Mr. Bullgiano and a second by Ms. Bares to introduce the ordinance as presented. So Mr. Romero. Let's see. We advance to you. One more. Are you presenting this? I want to thank Catherine for sitting with me. I know we were together for about two and a half hours and probably 80% of the conversation was about this and how we can get everything in line for these officers and the staff. When I looked at the numbers percentages, you have 30 or more staff members getting 6% or higher, 15, 10% or higher. This is huge. This is probably in my 10 out of years. This is probably one of the biggest changes we've made. It's potentially me. I'm glad this is being presented to us. I'm glad it's coming to us like this. Hopefully it's a good new threshold for the department. I know you put a lot of time in this, Catherine, you did too. So a great job, be all. Hopefully we can move forward with it. All right. Thank you, sir. Any other council comment? All right. We'll open it if there's any public comment. Any public comment relative to the introduction of the ordinance? If you don't mind coming up just so we can get it on the microphone, sir. The doctor had stated that the city is going to go away with previous law enforcement experience and concentrate on how many years you had at Young's OPD. Am I understanding that correctly? Yes. Okay. The Young's O employee YPD starting of employment is that when civil service went into the fact, or if you worked for the Young's OPD previously prior to civil service, it's your original day to hire. So if someone had previous Young's OPD experience here prior to the civil service going to affect those years with CO. Are you asking specific to yours? I mean, I can tell you what I have for you as your hired head. I don't. Yeah, that's yes, sir. Yeah. Okay. So if you don't mind me sharing publicly. No. No. Okay. Free. Yeah. Officer Burgess. Yeah. May 16, 2015. 10 years. Oh, Mark. Excuse me. March 16, 2015. So as written here, it has you had 10 years of service as of July 1. That's correct. But when Earl was chief, I was here for eight years. So I guess my question is, does the eight years that I was here from three to the 20, so you worked here before 2015? Correct. Under chief Earl Mnodard. I think it. I'm just scanning the kind of the rules and the verbiage of the ordinance. Because we do have years of service to find. I mean, that's something that could be, if it's not appropriate, it could be, it's possible, it could be modified. Let's see. Credible service. Only full time enforcement service with the Young's will police departments counted towards years of service prior law enforcement service at other departments is not included in this calculation. So I don't, I don't really know. I don't know. Yeah. I don't, I mean, I don't, I don't think it, I mean, just from our perspective, what we had guys that left the agency and came back and they started year one. So once you leave, it's it restores somehow it goes for them. I don't know. But we mimic the same service guidelines. So the, so I think the question that would have to, that should be resolved would be, is it continuous, continuous employment and then what, you know, what constitutes that? Because you may, I mean, there may be another scenario. I mean, if somebody leaves for one day and comes back or what's, you know, we can, that's some, that's, I'm sorry. But this is also for an infection. So before the July meeting, obviously things like this need to be ironed out. Okay. To see what is, as, as Councilman Bojone said, is it official start date when you did start originally or is it, you know, when you come back, don't home to it. There was a couple of left hit farming that we had to do the same thing. I think it's within a calendar year, but don't home to it. I'll, we can double check on that in a clarification to make sure we don't make a mistake on that. So we have accurate records here at City Hall with HR, because I know we've had a big change over with HR, taken over records over the years during the Marism Instration. So, you know, maybe we didn't have the correct holiday. That's something to look into before the July meeting. Yeah, we can look into it. I mean, I'm just going off of Whitson front of me now, but it's all subject to, well, I appreciate y'all. Let me bring it to the question that's it. I'm glad we know. It's an excellent question. Thank you all for suburb. Is there any other public comment? Anyone else who's interested to address the council relative to the introduction of the ordinance? Yes. Okay. Yes. All right. Well, if there's no other public comment, we'll ask. We had a motion in second last, but it's good to, please call the roll. Mr. Ireland. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. And look forward to having it back. It's a meeting which will be July 9th for adoption consideration. So all right. In general, thank you so much. All right. A gen item 7.2 is ordinance 506 2025 in ordinance of the city of Yangzhou, Louisiana. Aminning the code of ordinances, chapter 115, flood damage prevention, Article 5, provisions for flood hazard reduction, a fulfill prerequisites of the CRS program. Okay. Motion by Council Member Barraz in a second by Council Member Volgiano. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? If there's no comment from the public, please call the roll. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Ireland. Motion approved. All right. And Council, if you allow me the opportunity to let Catherine maybe give us a few updates on the previous findings in the audit report, just so we kind of know what that starting point is going into the new new audit season. Of course. So as you recall, we had 10 audit findings. I won't go through all of them, but I'll hit on either the big one. So inadequate controls over our bank reconciliation. So we've made positive changes to our revenue deposits into each of those funds operating accounts. So that really eliminated a lot of time that went involved in like dissolving the consolidated. So that's helped clear things up and just made it very timely for us to get the bank wrecks reconciled adequately. Significant audit adjustments. We have worked with CODER during the time frame of audit into current. And so we've made some progress. You know, with looking at things now to eliminate those audit adjustments that we're going to need during audit, that won't be significant. We're going to look at it now. Also segregation of the utility deposits. So we are making transfers into that account timely. So at the end of the year, we'll have those deposits in that bank account as we should before it was just the transfers were all made. So the procurement number seven, this is not an issue anymore that we solved. That's resolved. That's correct. Compliance with bond requirements. So we make. A much resolved as well. Yeah, it is. We make monthly transfers and we also open another account to better identify the reserve and thinking. So we've moved towards getting that perfected. Okay. So failure to amend the budget. As you saw on the budget, we have a very detailed file that it update weekly. So once we update it, we review the expenses. Revenues make sure we're within the budget. Don't have any, you know, areas where we need to look at more closely. Also budget controls were put on in the system. So it will keep the departments within their budgeted amounts. And if they're needing to do something that's over it, it's brought to you to review. Yeah, part of the challenge with that one was just the use of a consolidated cash account. So there were still transfers and adjustments being made to close the year after that final budget was amended. So now with the deconsolidation of that account and more streamlined accounting, it's, it negates that negates that opportunity and I believe it's resolved. You know, mentioned when we were reviewing the sports complex. So everything's within that one fund. So there's no back and forth, which can make it a little bit more harder to look at. And they also failure to file the audit financials timely. So again, we're on a positive track on all the our changes that we have made. So I do not foresee us having any problems. I really do think that we'll be ahead of the schedule that we normally are and bring in colder in here early to do our audit. So a lot of work, a lot of changes, positive changes to kind of be to move in the right direction and really focus each fund separately. And since it's cleaner. All right, any questions for Catherine? All right, if there's no questions for her, I think that's the end of the fiscal year, any other business? All right, motion to adjourn. Motion to adjourn. All right, thank you. Second by Mr. Nyland, all in favor. All right. All right, meeting adjourned. You'll have a great evening. Thank you. All right, so motion to adjourn.