neighborhood detention areas. Councilman Stan Sparry and I have walked that channel a few times we put pressure on the parish the parish did a little bit of a pick up job back there. Raked a few leaves. But anyway thanks to Pam and her team she stayed dialed in and saw some new opportunity for dollars to come in and that's through the LWI program the watershed program what's really most exciting about it I think is that we hope that the hurdles are going to be easier to go through than the HMGP projects as you know we lived all of that that was a very bureaucratic mess but we did it the LWI program Pam will tell us about in her update but $5.7 million is been awarded and that's for similar regional based solutions on the Anzlem Kooley that's fully funding all the design fees the property acquisition the construction cost and we're already in we're in to design we're into peer the state has a peer review process that's kind of reviewing those plans so we hope they can be fast-tracked so with your support this evening this cooperative endeavor agreement allows us to sign the paperwork to start that process and we'll begin you know going through more modeling looking for property it's roughly about 20 acres around the Anzlem Kooley Anzlem Wood Crosses near Route 92 around the Carlotted Verod goes into Milton so I don't know we may have to look outside the city limits but hopefully we can find some property inside the city limits to make it happen so that's what this resolution is just allowing us to move forward again the main takeaway is that there's no local match being asked for us here just permission to sign the paperwork so we can continue forward on it so you want to make a motion we already have a motion yeah so job that's right I think it was I think it was bullshot on is there public comment at least entertain me a little bit no public comment for him all right like we need to keep talking about this I get it great job all right things sounds like residents all right miss Kidry yes Mr. Marrow yes Mr. Stansbury yes thank you appreciate all right and thank you Pam all right 8.5 resolution 2023 13 a resolution levy in the milled rates for 2023 on motion all right thank you Mr. Bolgiano second second but Mr. Stansbury this is not an increase of any tax this is just just doing pushing the paperwork for the same property millage that your paint today as a citizen a young soul for general alimony fire protection fire protection and water works any public comment all right miss Kidry please call the vote Mr. Marrow yes Mr. Stansbury yes miss Champagne yes Mr. Bolgiano yes all right 8.6 resolution 2023 14 a resolution ordering and calling a special election to fill