we can really figure out how to best compliment and move ourselves forward. So I would ask that you just ratify the appointments of or if you have any other question about it. I'm happy to answer or address them. I mean, unless you all it's up to you guys. You're welcome. One at a time. Or you can do all it together together. Motion to accept all the marital appointments for the four year term. All right. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Motion. Mr. Romero. Second. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment? Okay. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stan's very. Yes. Miss Sean Pine. Yes. Thank you. All right. All right. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Recognitions. Persons to address the council 4.1. Gracie. Jiu Jitsu. You're young. So I asked to announce the upcoming biojiu Jitsu the tournament at the young sports complex on February 11th. How you doing, sir? Welcome. Good to see you again. Thank you guys for having me. Sure. So yeah, good. Big excited news for the community. There's been a lot of tournaments in the local areas, but not one in Jiu Jitsu. For Jiu Jitsu, I should say. And we're proud to be going in almost 50 plus students deep into the tournament, including myself and all of my team. So what I want to do is just try to get as much, you know, support going in and blowing wind in our sales as we can. And I want to say that the two ladies that are promoting it and providing all of the tournament rules, regulations and format for it is out of shrew port. So they're coming here. Big deal from people from all around Louisiana, Texas, Mississippi, all the outskirts areas coming. So I really want to one, you know, support local with the closest school competing there. And we have some local people that sponsoring who you craft coffee, a couple people going in sort of be good to for the community, for our school and of all the businesses. So this could be a really big thing for the community, special out Jiu Jitsu community, right? It's super small. You know, as always, we're proud to be in Young'sville. And any support is good support. You know, and. You know, Jiu Jitsu is not well known, right? We do a very good job of teaching the self defense aspect of it that can cater to men, women and kids. So I just wanted to kind of put it out. I kind of talked to Matt about it and I talked to you about it and. Just wanted to kind of share my thoughts in to pump the program and take it off because I my attention is if they come once a year, everybody's going to benefit in the community, including myself, all the businesses. And I wanted to be here more