this one out real quick. During my short tenure as police chief, I have been approached by several citizens and listened to the praises of Officer Joseph Hardy who is currently assigned as a school resource officer at Youngsville Middle School. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry Danskville Middle School Resource Officer at Youngsville Middle School. I have been no less than 10 parents and family members who have spoken on the impact he's had on these children. Here is just one of the letters I've recently received from one of our citizens. I'm ready to let you know how thankful my family and I are to have Officer Hardy as our school resource officer. He's huge asset not only for Youngsville Middle School but our community as well. Our world has come too often to dislike and distrust police. Officer Hardy has known these kids and he's not only, excuse me, worther their trust but a protectors well. Our daughter unsolicited told us how he is very kind and cool. We asked if she'd feel safe going to him in emergency and it was a resounding yes. I hope you can let Officer Hardy know how blessed we feel to have met our school. If all police officers are aware of incredible and professionalist, here's our society we'd be much better for it. Today I want to recognize Officer Hardy for his hard work, caring attitude towards the children. I think we can all agree that in the world, in this world we hold important to us, our children and my four-hour greatest asset. And I for one and thankful that they are involved in our environment. I'm very grateful to Officer Hardy for making the positive impact on our lives daily. Thank you, Mayor. It's outstanding. I was at Ernest-Skeller recently and got to see our young school middle and saw Officer Hardy there in action. So thank you for sharing the great things happening in the department. All right. Jen, I'm 3.3. We do have an election coming up and early voting is underway. So I'm very grateful to you for having me. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you. And early voting is underway. So Todd East is here to announce his candidacy for the Republican State Central Committee Member District 23F. And then also the RPEC Republican Parish Executive Committee Member District 3. So Mr. East, welcome. Thank you. Good evening. And thank you for let me speak today. My name is Todd East. I'm married to Annie. We're a long time residents of Youngsville, like my parents were. We're both conservative Republicans. I'm running for RPEC. District 3. I'm also running for Republican State Central Committee. District 23F. I have a bachelor's degree in math and business. I also have courses in constitutional law. My mind was in theology. Leadership and services always been in my family. When I was a young student,