we not already had a draft of this ordinance, you know, somewhere from from our staff's research previously. I don't know that, you know, I don't know what we would have done, what I would have done. Probably just say, hey, this is as good as it, you know, this is I can't do anything. This is as good as it gets. And I think I've communicated that to the to the, to the, any noise complaint that I've had to say, hey, you know, if the readings are in line, you know, and so forth. So, you know, I don't know. I mean, that's why I'm bringing it before, you know, the governing council tonight just for a little bit of direction or feedback. You know, Casey, when you headed in the back, you did ask me when I said, hey, I'm, you know, getting complaints about it, what's the plan? Let me, let me understand your vision. You know, you and, and Amy to say, can we move it to the side? And I said, you, I said, try it. I think that's going to be probably another short term solution to try it. And, you know, yes, when it was on the side, we still, then the issue became about it being parked on the side. So the issue was in the back, and the issue became about it being on the side. I have not heard any issue about it being in the front, which is why, you know, I pulled it to that level. That, that's me. Now, you know, I can't talk about it, you know, the calls still coming about the noise and stuff. Yes, sir. I don't know. And in fairness, code enforcement did report to me with through video. So it wasn't a, there was no need for any opinion to be made. It was a factual. And I sent my previous CAO to your establishment, you know, one night. Yes. And I think she might have startled somebody who ever was working. And she was in the, yeah, she was in the back. She scared us a little bit. Is all right? Yeah. Well, she, she, if you know Sally, that was, that was her. Anyway, they were, you know, they, because we were trying to work with you and help mediate it the best we could understand. So even, even though like it, like I said, we love, we do love all of y'all staff. And they know us really, really well now. But we really have been, I promise, I'm not an evil person. I'm neighborly. I just, I don't need it to wear. I'm kind of at the point where where the book stops. I don't know how to explain it. It's almost like, you mean, I'm an athlete. If I keep kicking a field goal and you keep moving it back sooner or later, I'm going to fail. And I need to, I mean, kind of