with the TND. So we have a lot of work to do with the TND and the public spaces which we have a lot of work to do with the TND. So we have a lot of work to do with the TND and the public spaces which we have amenities such as stores or schools or places of worship within walking distance of residences. So what we have done since the original layout which has had a street down the middle and two big commercial buildings on it these are four early substantial mix use buildings the part that shaded on the ends are two story elements and what we are trying to do is create a sense of place as you come in off a shimmon mettery those corner buildings have height and volume. As do the building all of the building frontages at front on our linear green space down the middle the bottom floor those buildings will have various retail uses potentially some professional uses and the upper floors will have a combination of apartments for rent and condominiums for sale. So what's in the white area drops down to single story buildings and the two buildings up front when you get off of the corner where the mouse is right now those are single story building 60 to 70 feet deep for retail purposes. So we've ended up with is a town center that truly has a great mix of uses which is required by the TND ordinance but also I think a lively environment place that hopefully will enable us to attract some of the restaurants and those type of uses that we'd like to see within the community. So we've spent a good bit of time on probably the main requirement of a TND which is the mix use town center and those shops need to be in walking distance of most of the residents which they are we have stores which is required. So I think we meet and this really tracks your ordinance other than the landmass size. So I think we meet in a significant way all of the requirements of the your TND ordinance with the exception of the landmass so we asked for a waiver from the 50 acre required to the approximately 30 acres provided. Any questions on that before we move on in terms of a clenched review and the ADRC comments a couple of things. On a clenched specific plant revisions number five. Clen if you'll pull up the master plan show where the culer sakit required. So that was something that was not comfortable with you know it originally was laid out in that way because we were given some thought to try to cross by you park for do there until we got the cost estimates which were about 400 grand. So I think clenched absolutely right we will change that design and construct a roundabout at the termination of that street. I'm