commercial development, they don't want the condominiums. My question is, maybe Mr. Lincoln answer this, maybe these gentlemen can't. Why are we have such an interest in building these triplexes, duplexes, the development, it's multiple development. Is it because of cost? Yeah, I think it all goes down to the feasibility of the site. If the only option was to take an existing structure and renovate it to flip, the numbers just don't work. And a lot of it has to do with some of the surrounding area. You can't put a high end home next to a trailer. And just about every site I've purchased, it's next to a trailer. There's nothing to get in trailers. There's a place for them, but I think there's a reason why they're not any new ones allowed to come in. Right. So that's why it makes it difficult. One thing I would like to maybe open a dialogue on would be, I think if the issue is attached homes, and Mr. Gitter would probably know more about it is cottage courts where there's density involved so the numbers can work, so there's the feasibility play. But they're detached, smaller, you know, a Cadian-style homes that would blend in with the area, but they're a little bit closer together, you have common areas where the houses face a common area. But the only way to make that work would be to have the density allowed to make it happen. And it's similar to what I proposed on Foster Park, but it would be maybe potentially subdomitum and have them be single family. Or I know a lot of cottage courts they aren't considered single family. They operate like a multi-family, but they are detached and it could blend in with the area. But as it sits, there's nothing in the code for that. I know Lafayette has it. I know a lot of growing cities do have that kind of structure in the code, but just a thought. Not, I think you bring up a great point. With that, I think that's why also the council was favourable to your development at Foster Park because of the location on a park to have that product in our market. Because at day to day, I do care about compatibility. Just like I wouldn't do a high-end home next to a trailer. So I wouldn't develop unless I can get a big enough area that it becomes either its own little community within. But to answer your question, that's basically what it comes down to. And I think the biggest point of making sure distressed properties continue to get renovated are vacant properties with high grass become cleaned up. It has to be feasible for the developer. Mr. Comod, I would say, look, I bought and built my home in 2015. It's a little over 2,000 square feet. But at the time, it was just me and my wife. It just got married. And we