 the time 6 p.m. we welcome you to the Youngsville Municipal Complex for the regular November meeting of the Youngsville Mayor and City Council. I'd like to welcome Pastor Chris Fusillet to lead us in the invocation from First Baptist Church and if you'll remain standing our pledge this evening is going to be led by our Mayor Pro Tem Matt Romero. Pastor welcome sir. We thank you for this day that you've given to us. We know that there's not a second of this day that we've been alone. Lord we thank you for your presence. We pray that you would guide this meeting this evening that you would be with our Mayor, our City Councilman, and all of our officials here in Youngsville and all the residents. Father I pray that you'd give them wisdom. I pray that you'd give them vision. We pray for unity and Father help us especially during this time of year to be thankful and grateful Lord for all of the blessings that you've given to us and especially the privilege of being in a great city like Youngsville. We thank you for your love and we pray all of these things in Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Ms. Guidry, please call the roll. Ms. Farras? Here. Mr. Balogiano? Here. Mr. Romero? Here. Ms. Creed? Here. Ms. Champagne is absent. All right, agenda item 3.1 is Mr. Todd East as returning in the runoff to address the council and his candidacy for Youngsville City Council Division D. Welcome back, Todd. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Mayor and Council for giving me this chance to speak before you today. And thank you, Youngsville. I wanted to come talk from the heart and say that I wanted to come in person to thank Youngsville, the city I love, the city my parents loved, and Youngsville for supporting me in the next election on December the 7th. Remember that I love Youngsville and go out and support me again. Thank you. Thank you, Todd, and best of luck to you in the runoff. Thank you. And agenda item 3.2, Chief Louvier is here, and he's also updating us on his candidacy for Youngsville Chief of Police. So, Cody. Thank you, Mayor. Kind of like Todd, I want to thank First Youngsville. I thank our voters for coming out of numbers they did, for doing what they did for our country and our city. I think they all voted from the heart. I want to thank them for the trust that they placed in me in this election. A lot of talk in this campaign trail about Youngsville Police Department needs change, but I don't think they realize the change that we've put into place in the last year. The accountability for the department, the standards of the department that's been brought up for our officers, and the better communication we've had in our department with our citizens. I think it's been a very long time since we've had a lot of that, and we're continuing to grow. We're definitely not finished. I just ask that everyone please get out and vote in this runoff. Unfortunately, a lot of times we have a lot less turnout. People forget that we have this going on. We have early voting starting on the 22nd, I believe it is, through the 29th, in the election on December 7th. This is just as important as our president's worries that we just had for our community, for what's close to home to us. And I ask that you do your research, because experience truly matters in our race, more than people realize. It's not only about likeable and these different things, it's about who possesses the experience to do this job properly, and to make sure that our department keeps heading in a positive direction. So let's keep our city in our mind, our department in our mind, and make sure we keep progressing forward. But thanks everybody for being here tonight, and thank you for voting. Thank you. And I just want to acknowledge our Broussard neighbor. Thank you for being here, Jesse Reagan, and I hope we can have you back at a future meeting to talk about your candidacy for the for the Senate. Best of luck to you. All right. Agenda item 4.1, approval of the October 10, 2024 meeting minutes. All right, a motion by Ms. Barres and a second by Mr. Romero. Is there any comment from the council or any public comment related to agenda 4.1, approval of the meeting minutes? All right, hearing none, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barres? Yes. Ms. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you, council. 5.1 is approval of the September 2024 finance report. Okay, motion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Creed. Council, in front of you is the update from Catherine. I don't know, Catherine, did you have anything you wanted to add about the report? No. Just another positive month for sales taxes, as you have in front of you, 7.35 for over the year, over the year. So, turning in a great direction. All right, thank you so much. Any public comment? Okay, with no public comment, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Ms. Bolgiano? Mr. Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Motion approved. Mr. Romero? All right. Can you vote your motion? Thank you. All right. Thank you, council. Other business? 6.1, the wastewater treatment plant bid review. You want to? I was going to say it, but. Sure. You can go ahead, but it's not good news. Yeah. So, we got three bids, which is good, but they were all very high, much higher than our estimates. So, we discussed it with the mayor and Terry and decided that we needed to reject all the bids, kind of go back and see where we can cut. We may have to take some structures out and put off building those when we can. And we know, we're hearing that structural concrete prices have gone through the roof for some reason, but we're going to talk to all three bidders and see where we can cut. You know, what the big ticket items were, where we can maybe reduce the cost and then go back out to bid. So, we're going to try to do that as quickly as possible. All right. I agree with Susan. I think it's in our best interest to reject the bids at this time and then we'll go back and work on scrubbing, scrubbing the details and see what we can do to continue phasing, which is really what we've been, we've been doing the last couple of years, phasing in the different improvements that we want to do. Yeah. So, Mr. Romero. A motion to reject all bids given on the Youngsville wastewater treatment plant. All right. Thank you, sir. Second by Councilmember Bolgiano. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or question relative to the proposed or the bids that we received or the project? All right. Hearing none, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Cree. Yes. Ms. Barres. Yes. Mr. Bolgiano. Yes. Motion approved to reject. Thanks, Susan. And thank you, Council. 6.2 is to proclaim November 30th, 2024, Small Business Saturday, which actually coincides with Shop the Suite Life for us here in Youngsville. The proclamation is in your packet. Haley, do you have anything particular about that that you wanted to add? Small Business Saturday always falls on the Saturday after Black Friday. It is an initiative done by American Express. As many of you know, the Youngsville Chamber of Commerce hosts Shop the Suite Life, so I was going to talk about it later, but I'll talk about it now. The 30th of November from 8 to noon, pick up your game card at McDonald's and go and shop at our small businesses on Saturday. We, you know, want to support our small businesses. It's what helps our community run, so please get out there. Shop small. Shop sweet. All right. Thank you, Haley. All right. Is there a motion to accept the proclamation? All right. Motion by Councilmember Bolgiano, and a second by Councilmember Barres. Is there any Council comment or discussion? Okay. Any public comment or question relative to the proclamation? All right. Hearing none, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Ms. Creed? Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Ms. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council. Agenda Item 6.3, we have a variance request related to Section 105.57 for storage collection, disposal of refuse garbage to allow for valley trash service in lieu of city trash pickup cans for phase 27 of Sugarmill Pond. Lucas Knepper is here from Sugarmill Pond to discuss the proposal. I've reviewed it, and since Lucas is here, I'll let him tell us about it. I'm sure you could do a better job than me. But so, yes, phase 27 of Sugarmill Pond is a boutique, single-family, and townhome rental community that we will be doing. We will be owning it as well. And it's essentially the same amenities and concept as an apartment complex, but instead of apartments stacked on top of each other, it's single-family cottages that blend more with Sugarmill Pond. It has the same design code, same architects as Sugarmill Pond. And so, it also backs up to the second phase of Sugarmill Villas and a future commercial area that the Youngs still own. And so, we figured it'd be a nice spot to place a little rental community because the builders were already expressing concerns about having a typical single-family home phase right there and residents having, you know, three stories of apartments looking down on them. So, we figured this would be a great spot for it. And as part of that, we are requesting that we can have a dumpster enclosure. It would hold two eight-yard dumpsters, and we would have a valet trash service just like many apartment complexes do. It has a full-time management company that we've already signed a contract with that will be on-site full-time in a leasing office. And they will have a maintenance person valet trash service contract. And just like an apartment complex, though, the residents will be putting bags in front of their doors every night or every morning. And it will be picked up daily and placed in those dumpsters. We decided that would be the best fit for that because it is a high-density phase. It's only a couple acres at most, and it has 110 units. So, instead of having just a sea of trash cans everywhere and having tenants having to walk down alleyways to get it to a public road a couple hundred feet in some areas because not all of the cottages front of road, we figured this would be great. And it would also fill a void that we have between that phase and the apartment, Sugar Mill Villas. That's where the dumpster enclosure would be. And it's a fully bricked fence. I'm not sure if you're all familiar with our lift station site on the pond in Sugar Mill, but it would be an exact replica of that with landscaping and all that. And so we figured it would just be aesthetically the best option and also for the tenants, it would be the best option for them as well. All right. Thanks, Lucas. Any comments or questions related from the council? Thoughts or concerns? Matt? I get the concept of it and I think that's a great idea. My concern is where you said it's going to be behind Sugar Mill Villas? So, but near. So, yes, where there's a side road on Sugar Mill Villas internal to our development called Park Grove Drive. Right now it, well, it did dead end, but we just connected it as part of our new phase. But right where that bend is, it's right where the new phase of Sugar Mill Villas is. And so there's a very wide space between the cottages and alleys and where the Sugar Mill Villas boundary starts. It's just a dead space and it's off to the side where no one will see it. It'll be behind an alley, but it still has that access that the large dump trucks need. So we figured it'd be perfect. And when you're coming down that road, you'll see a landscaped brick fence instead of just a ditch. There's a ditch behind it. So. Okay. And proximity wise, how close to the nearest residence that actually owns their own, you know, not rental? So there's actually no residents nearby that own anything. It's just Sugar Mill Villas apartments. And then the closest cottage, we actually have the exact same plan at a project in Lake Charles. It's roughly 60 feet away. And that's from their backyard area. Yeah. And my only concern was, and the reason I bring that up is similar to behind Rouse's when we had those issues years ago with three, four in the morning pickups. Right. Near homes. I want to, you know, make sure that's not going to happen where we're going to end up with phone calls. But obviously, you're saying it's not going to be in that proximity. Right. It works. Yes, sir. All right. Any other questions? If there's no questions, we'll entertain a motion to grant the waiver. Thank you all. Thank you, Lucas. All right. A motion to grant. All right. Motion by Mr. Bolgiano. Ms. Creed. That's a second, Ms. Creed. All right. Thank you. Any other council discussion or comment? All right. For members of the audience and also if you're viewing from home, you can see the entire packet that the council's looking at with all the graphics on the same site that you look at to stream the meeting. There's an attachment of the packet. So if you come, I mean, you're welcome to have your iPad. We can get you connected onto the Wi-Fi without a problem. So that way you're always looking at the same information that we're looking at from up here on the dais. All right. Any public comment? All right. Hearing none, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote to grant the variance. Ms. Fares? Yes. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. 6.4, Mr. Travis Roberts at 204 Oak Shadows Drives requesting a variance to allow for a five-foot reduction in the rear setback for the installation of a shed. Just a side note, council July 12, 2018, the council at the time did approve a five-foot reduction in the rear setback for a swimming pool. So what this request is is basically to encroach the same space that the previously approved swimming pool did. And Mr. Roberts is here in case there's any questions. Yes. So I live here in Youngsville, been here about nine years now. Plan to make this our permanent residence. So we want to expand, build the shop. The footprint of the shop, I didn't want to bring it too far into the front of the yard. So where it's currently located on the city map that I gave you all, it infringes five-foot into the ten-foot setback. So I'm requesting the variance for that five-foot. All right. Mr. Romero. Travis, how are you doing? Good. I just want to confirm and so everybody knows, there is no other residence behind your property at all. No, sir. And I've waited this long because she refuses to sell. I've been trying to buy a piece of land behind. I just want to make sure, you know, making a variance of this, you know, typically if we butt up to other properties. But in this case, it's not butting up to any residential property. No, sir. Almost landlocked land. Yeah. And in the council in your packet, I'm sure you've noticed, but the Oak Shadows Homeowners Association has put an approval, you know, in with that. Thank you. And there's no issues from an April on the fire? No, sir. No, ma'am. Actually, he's here with me. So. Well, that works out. All right. I'll motion to approve Mr. Travis Roberts' variance for the five-foot reduction in rear setback. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Second by Councilman Bolgiano. Is there any other council comment or discussion or any public comment or question related to the variance? Okay. Hearing none, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote on the variance. Ms. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Motion approved. Thank you, City Councilman. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you. Good seeing you. Take care. All right. Several resolutions this evening. First is Resolution 2024-19, a resolution expressing support in the naming of Sugar Mill Pond, Regional Detention Pond, and Linear Park System in honor of the late Mr. Robert W. Daigle. Council, you know, as you know, last month we had, you know, quite a few just unfortunate deaths from several members of the community that have made such a tremendous impact. On Youngsville and, you know, Mr. Daigle is one that very few non-residents, I think, I really had to think about how many non-residents have left that type of impact on our community. And the most recent project that we were working on with Robert and Jordan, Lucas, the entire group, was a public-private partnership, and that's the project for what I call the lakes, you know, the Iberia Street lakes that go from, you know, Savoy to Iberia Street. We're finished with the drainage component, you know, but we still have work to do as we promised to do with the linear park and really seeing that area as an amenity. Homes in Phase 20 are starting to go up. Of course, we haven't – we're still working through the FEMA approval process for the homes that are closest to the lakes. But this was a project that I know was really near and dear to Robert's, you know, heart. I mean, he and I were still working on it actively, you know, when he fell ill. So this property is actually – it is, you know, it's a joint project. So what I'm asking for tonight is just really a resolution and support. I know that there was some interest in the neighborhood for doing something, you know, in honor of Mr. Daigle. Some of the existing parks and green spaces already have names that are established. And I think it's just a nice token of our appreciation for all that, you know, Robert's done, you know, for the city of Youngsville. Youngsville is a great community. It's not defined by Sugar Mopan. However, Sugar Mopan is something that just complements the city of Youngsville so well. And I know that the lakes, the linear park, is just going to complement it even that much more. And on the way down here, I came across – we didn't really ever discuss this, but we did get a merit award from the American Society of Landscape Architects, which is an interesting category because it's general design for unbuilt work because the project hadn't been built yet. But it's in recognition of outstanding professional achievement. And it was awarded to R&J developers, Robert and Jordan community developers, Reich Landscape Architect, and the city of Youngsville as client, and Henskins Traha Engineering Consulting that did all the civil work for us to review and approve that made sure that it was going to actually have the positive drainage benefit. So we received that award. And then we also got a – from the U.S. Green Building Council, a Green Design Sustainability Award, unbuilt, also in recognition of an award-winning display – design and display of commitment to sustainability and positively impacting the environment. And this award was presented at the 2023 Louisiana ASLA Awards Banquet. So I guess that's the – I'm assuming American Society of Landscape Architects. And it was the same, you know, same recipients of the award. And the name that we had talked about was Ali Du Park Purdue. You know, as you all know, that channel there is Bayou Park Purdue. And we were really trying to find a name at the time that complimented. So anyway, our request is to incorporate the memory of Robert Daigle somewhere into that there. Maybe it's in conjunction with Ali Du Park Purdue. I'm not sure. But this is just something that we would be offering to the developers to – that it has our blessing. So, Mr. Romero. Motion to approve resolution number 2024-19, naming rights of Sugar Mill Pond Regional Detention Pond in Linear Park in honor of Mr. Robert Daigle. Thank you, sir. And second by Mr. Bolgiano. And, Nicole, I just realized you wrote a whole resolution, so I'm sorry. I could have just referred to that. But thank you. I think – Your son of a veteran is all good. Robert deserved the – All right. Is there any public comment? Any additional council comment? All right. Hearing none, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Creed. Yes. Ms. Barrios. Yes. Mr. Bolgiano. Yes. Resolution approved. All right. Thank you. And we'll continue working on the sidewalks. First thing going in, I think, yeah. I mean, I know we kind of lost some time there. But we owe the city actually a meets and bounds of the linear park. But Christian just went over to a new company, so everything's a little delayed. But, yes, we'll have it to you shortly, and then we can get rolling on the sidewalks. No rush. I just wanted to make sure we weren't holding it up. It doesn't sound like we are. So, all right. All right. Thank you. Thank you all so much. Take care. All right. 7.2. Did you have a question? I'm sorry. No. 7.2 is resolution. 2420 resolution of condolences to the family of Ben Burley, former Youngsville City Treasurer who passed away on October 25, 2024. You know, of interest is today's Ben's birthday, or would have been Ben's birthday. And, I mean, just another outstanding, you know, resident and member of our team. So, I think that's – he loved Youngsville, and he definitely, you know, we've said a lot of nice things about Ben, but he loved the community, and I think the community loved him back. He spent his entire life here. So, Ms. Barras. Yeah. All right. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you, ma'am. And second by Mr. Bolgiano. Is there any public comment or discussion? All right. Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Ms. Creed. Yes. Ms. Barras. Yes. Mr. Bolgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Resolution approved. And happy heavenly birthday to Ben. All right. 7.3, resolution 2024-21, a resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Youngsville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement and all necessary documentation between the Louisiana Department of Treasury, state of Louisiana, and the city of Youngsville pertaining to an appropriation from Act 776 of the 2024 regular legislative session for water and road infrastructure. All right. Motion by Mr. Bolgiano. Second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment or discussion on that? Yeah. This is just a requirement of the grant in order to make us eligible for it. Correct. Correct. All right. All right. Any public comment? All right. If there's no discussion, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barras. Yes. Ms. Bolgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Creight. Yes. Commission approved. And I failed to say out loud for them, the East had another engagement, I think, at the church. So I was supposed to announce that and excuse them. So my apology. 7.4, resolution 2024-22, a resolution requesting financial assistance from the state of Louisiana under the fiscal year 24-25 local government assistance program and community water enrichment fund program. Motion by Mr. Romero. Motion. All right. And second by Councilwoman Creed. And similar here, this is more paperwork we need to push to be eligible for the grant. These are grants that we get periodically. We refer to it as LGAP. Right? Correct. And I think we're earmarking them for water meters. Yes. We're getting to, I think, 50 apiece. 15? 50,000. 50,000. Okay. All right. Mr. Romero makes a motion. Is there a second? All right. Councilman Barras, any public comment or discussion? Okay. No public comment or discussion. Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Mr. Bolgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Creed. Yes. Ms. Barras. Yes. Resolution approved. All right. Thank you, Council. This evening, for introduction, we have three ordinances. The first is Agenda 8.1, which is Ordinance 4962024, an ordinance of the City of Youngsville, excuse me, authorizing the Mayor of the City of Youngsville, Louisiana, to execute a franchise agreement with Unity Fiber Golf Co. LLC. All right. Wade did review. He helped put it together. Right. All right. A motion by Mr. Bolgiano and second by Councilman Romero. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or discussion? All right. Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Creed. Yes. Ms. Barras. Yes. Ms. Bolgiano. Yes. Approved. All right. Thank you. 8.2 is Ordinance 4972024, an ordinance of the City of Youngsville, admitting the 2024-2025 budget in the amount of $2,719,155 to reappropriate the American Rescue Plan Act ARPA funding. Council, what we're requesting here, as you all know, we're in the audit process right now, and we're reviewing all the different stipulations related to these monies and just want to make sure we have them allocated correctly. So this is going to be coming back to you next month in December. Some of the decisions that we made on the expenditures of this were based using the preliminary guidance. The guidance for the expenditures, there was a lot of revisions that came out and we're just simply wanting to make sure that we're still in full compliance from the initial preliminary guidance that was put out. So we believe that we may be, but we're just taking the steps in case we still need to make some adjustments prior to the end of this calendar year. Motion to introduce Ordinance 497-2024. All right, thank you. Councilman Romero, second by Councilman Barres. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Okay, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote for introduction. Ms. Creed? Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Approved? Ms. Barres? All right. All right, and finally, 8.3 is Ordinance 357.3-2024, an ordinance amending Ordinance Number 357.2-2024, performance land use regulations within the city limits of the city of Youngsville, Louisiana. A motion. All right, thank you, Mr. Bolgiano, and second by Ms. Creed. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment or discussion? All right. Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barres? Yes. Ms. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Approved. All right, thank you so much. We'll go to staff announcements. I guess we'll start with Pam, please. Pam and then Tim. Susan. Okay. Okay, so first on my items would be Anselm Cooley Detention Pond Project. We submitted 90% plans in August. We have just received our environmental for wetlands and for our archaeological, so we need to incorporate that into the environmental so that we can, we're just awaiting the Corps of Engineers approval, which we don't anticipate until probably February, maybe March. Of course, it could be earlier, new administration. Some of the environmental regs may go away, so we'll see. But I'm sure everybody noticed our detention ponds worked pretty well yesterday. And so they were all full and running, but we got quite a bit of rain in a little amount of time. So the Riviera Road is still scheduled to advertise for bids starting in December. I haven't gotten any different dates from the state. So that would be in construction hopefully in the spring. Highway 89. I'm sure you've seen that that's really moving along pretty fast. That's about 35% complete. We have the drainage on the east side of the road completed to Le Jardin de Abel, which of course we stopped the project. This phase of the project stops at Heart to Farm, so not much more on the drainage on the east side so that they can start doing the roadway work. Fortune Road extension and roundabout, that's more than 50% complete. They will probably, I mean, weather permitting, they were supposed to start with the binder this week, but of course that won't be long. You'll start seeing asphalt pavement of the extension and then starting to move on the concrete work of the interior, the roundabout. Louisiana 92 and Prescott, 60% design complete. Shema Agriab, we received the geotechnical investigation, and so we are finalizing the typical section, but we've already kind of put in quantities and costs associated with doing the first phase, which would be patch mill and overlay, all of the really bad parts with the exception of the curve in the middle. 2024 roadway improvements, of course, Valesco's been doing well. We've seen improvements on that intersection since opening up Valesco and, of course, finishing the roundabout. I don't know how many people have driven the roundabout, but it's much better. We've also finished an SPK. I'll have a little bit of cleanup left to do. So we just have, we have some striping. We have some patching in other areas to do and some work in Cypress Gardens on 2024 and some patching in various areas, possibly also on Highway 92. We have a couple of areas that we need to do as well. La Riviera, that's it. Yeah. La Riviera, that's all the ones that I have. Any questions for Pam? Anything related to any of the projects we just highlighted? For Valesco crossing, I just want to add, I know I've communicated it to Lindy's neighborhood in their Facebook group. We are, Terry's team did some roadside drainage work to carry some of the water. I mean, we built a road there, but the cane field still kind of was naturally draining because of the grades to the new intersection. So the grading of the roadside ditches and keeping them from being silted in is going to be an ongoing challenge to try to carry some of that water to Shimon Metairie as best as possible from naturally gravitating to that low spot entering Sugar Ridge. But in addition to that, Terry and I and Pam have been working on obtaining a drainage. We went about midway through that property. There's a current field ditch, and you can see it. There's a headland, it's culverted in. Very narrow field ditch. We're working on securing a drainage easement there to where we can provide a proper drainage outlet for the cane field. And with cooperation of the farmer, really redirect the farm, the cane field drainage to that drainage easement to really avoid the natural low spot of the land there where the water always historically pooled. So that's working. We have verbal commitments from, I think, four of the six property owners, and I'm working on the fifth and the sixth right now. And there was something else you mentioned I wanted to comment on, but I don't remember. So it couldn't have been that important. Any other questions for Pam? All right. We're hearing none. We'll go on to Tim, please. Thanks. Sports programs, Sugar Beach Volleyball. The fall league has ended for Tuesday and Wednesday nights. Thursday playoffs will finish around December 5th just due to rain outs. Girls indoor volleyball, all-stars. The first of three tournaments is this Sunday. We have five teams in 10U, three in 12U, two in 14U. So we went from eight last year up to 10 all-star teams this year. Southside Soccer has finished with their Halloween tournament. F&A has finished their season. The Adult Softball League, we finished Tuesday and Wednesday nights. Thursday nights will end December 12th due to rain outs also. Biddy basketball has finished registration with 945 players, and practices begin on Monday. Pickleball, Council on Age, and Free Play all continue at the Rec Center. Tournaments, Gobble to Uwabble Beach Volleyball Tournament will be this Saturday. The Bullet Softball College Showcase Tournament with 45 teams will be this Saturday and Sunday. And Toys for Tots, the U-Trip Baseball Tournament will be happening on December 7th and 8th. For the expansion, the Leadership Holiday Artisans Market will take place on Saturday, November 30th. And Amphitheater, if you've seen Christmas Under the Stars event, will take place on Saturday, December 14th from 4 to 9 p.m. It will be a great family-themed event. Being put on by Stephen O'Brien with Montauk Grill and in partnership with Pastor Joe Carmi at First Assembly. The Living Bethlehem live production will be part of the event. But there will be so much more for the families from Christmas Market, scavenger hunt, community cars, food trucks, petting zoo, live characters, gingerbread and cookie decorating, a movie mashup of old and new Christmas movies, photo areas with Santa and characters, reading of the Cajun Night Before Christmas, ugly sweater contests, and much more to be announced. All proceeds are going to benefit local charities also. With Haley's help, we're working on, by the end of the year, to put out a great 2025 amphitheater calendar with many great and exciting events coming. With Terry's help, of course, the bridge repair is going to start Monday, November 18th. If they see the pond starting to be pumped down, that's part of it. Tomorrow, we'll put out and share on social media and with our entire database, including a map showing any expected closures affecting the parking lot and the fitness trail. And this is the, just to clarify further, this is the bridge from the, I forget the sponsor, but from the soccer parking lot onto the closest to the soccer fields. What's changing is the wood deckings being replaced with a composite material that'll have a, you know, longer life. I mean, that's the original wood from, I guess, 10 years now. Yeah, 10, 11 years. So, any questions for Tim? Dax, did you have anything? I didn't have to put you on the spot. You're good? All right. I'm good. All right. Nice to see you. Oh, yeah, nothing? Nothing to do. Nothing going on with Dax, y'all. All right. Terry? Nothing? Alex, you've been busy? You're good. All right. Catherine, Haley, anything? Oh, I'm sorry, Susan. I skipped right over you because I saw you early. Come on up. Thank you, Haley. Very respectful. We already talked about the wastewater plant. The pump stations, the work on pump station four will probably start sometime in December after the ground storage tank is pretty much done. And the construction on pump station three, which is on Yonge Street, should start in January. The new water plant, as you can see, they're completing the ground storage tank. I think they were working on the dome today, running electrical lines, working on the foundation of the filter building. So that's progressing pretty well. The sugar mill pond upgrade, that design is in progress. Fortune Road was bid on Monday. The bids came in about 15% below the estimate. And the mayor recommended a warrant to DOTD. So that's going to move forward. Waterline interconnections, the bid date is December 18th. So that's going out to bid. Pump station five, we're working on that. We've started that design. So that's progressing. That's it. Any questions for Susan? Thanks. The project she's talking about going out to bid with the water, interwater connections, that was actually related to one of the resolutions you approved tonight. The 2024-21, yeah, that was 7.3. That was a $600,000 grant. So what this grant is doing is doing waterline connections to be able to push the water from our new water plant and to distribute it, which after looking at the plans, we do have a couple questions. I'll just get with you later on. So, all right. No questions for Susan? Haley, anything? Yeah, I wanted to go ahead and just, Tim mentioned, the Holiday Artisan Market. So Leadership Class 5 is raising money to donate benches to the inclusive playground area at the Sports Complex expansion. And so we are having an artisan market. Basically, we're just going to have a lot of vendors there that are going to be selling their wares. So we're still looking for vendors. If you have anyone that you know, please send them our way. They can go ahead and sign up to be a vendor on the Chamber's Facebook or website. The link is there. It's $80 for a vendor booth. And again, all proceeds are going to the inclusive playground area. Also, it's going to be a great day to shop. It is on November 30th following Shop the Suite Life. So from noon to 4. So we encourage you, bring your family. We'll have Santa out there. We're hopefully going to have a choir out there singing Christmas carols. So it'll be a nice day to come and enjoy some shopping. Continue the shopping after Shop the Suite Life and get your photos in with Santa. So please come November 30th. Thank you, Haley. And we have the proclamation for you for the Shop the Suite Life. Thanks. So all right. Before council announcements, I just want to first take the opportunity to recognize and thank Councilwoman Creed. The runoff election will be before the next council meeting. So unless there's a conflict, I guess, with our new incoming council person, I'm assuming that this may be your last council meeting. I just want to let you know it's been a sincere privilege to serve with you. I've enjoyed getting to know you better. I think that you've certainly done your homework. You've been prepared. And I know that I don't feel like I'm saying goodbye to you because I feel like I see you just as much equally in your capacity on the Rotary Club and just being active in the community with everything. I can always count on you being there. So you stepped up when we needed you. And sincere thanks on behalf of myself and our administration for being here. So I hope this isn't the end that we see of you. But I know that it's not already. So thank you for all that you do. And president of the Rotary right here. She was just voted for another term. Oh, re-elected. Unopposed. Okay. Well, that's phenomenal. So sincere thank you to you. So I'd like to offer you a round of applause. It's been 12 months. 12 months, right? Yeah. 12 months. So thank you so much. So Jamie, you want to? Yeah. And I had said thank you last meeting, but Lindy, Matt, y'all weren't here. So thank y'all for having confidence in me and letting me be appointed. Thank you. Absolutely. Absolutely. Thank you, Jamie. Thank you, Shannon. Yeah, absolutely. Council announcements. Yes, sir. I'm going to piggyback on that. But it's always – we've appointed more people in the last five years than I ever thought we – I never thought we would. And we always joke – kind of joke about that. But, of course, there's been different situations. And I feel like Shannon, her appointment, obviously springboarded her to do more. And it was great. I foresee Jamie doing more in the future. She's already doing a lot in the community. So I definitely echo his sentiments of how you come prepared, you ask questions, and do your diligence. So thank you so much for serving. I wanted to also give recognition to Southside Volleyball. They made the playoffs, unfortunately. Slidell took them down in three sets. But it's an honor for those girls to make it to the state tournament, which is here at the Cajun Nome. So kudos to that group. It's a young team. So that's really good. And then also our Southside football team, first round of the playoffs tomorrow. Wow. Playing Live Oak. They're actually – our home games have been at Como, the new turf field, Como High School. So come out tomorrow night at 7 o'clock. Perfect. A lot of great things with Southside. We had the opportunity to host their band at the Amphitheater this week. And, you know, they were at Carnegie. Is it Carnegie Hall? Is that how you say it? In New York last year. I mean, they are just a class act with a lot of great talent by the director and his assistant. So no shortage of great things happening in our schools. Terry, I don't know anybody else, but happy Veterans Day. So thank you for your service. Y'all did a phenomenal job with the veterans recognition as well. I love how we've incorporated that into the city. You know what? Yeah. Great job. Thank you. Chief, I didn't ask. I'm sorry because we heard from you earlier. But anything? All right. Any other council announcements? Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. Any additional public comment? If anything, maybe we didn't address tonight. All right. If there's no other business, we'll entertain a motion to adjourn. Motion to adjourn. All right. Thank you. Mr. Bolgiano, is there a second? Second. All right. Second by Ms. Creed. All in favor, please say aye. Aye. Meeting adjourned. Thank you all so much. Have a great evening. Meeting adjourned. Thank you.