million 457. And we kind of holding them flat with our projection for 24, which is probably a good idea to be conservative at a million 450. Expenditures begin here on page 22. I'm not going to go through each item. It do have some salary increases in 23 and 24. That was touched on within the budget message as it pertains to 24. But the biggest expenditure on the page, probably the bottom third is depreciation. So, I just want to point that out, about a million two to a million four range over the three years. And it's to be more relevant in a minute when we flip to page 23. So, we're running about a million two to a million four into pre-shades. So, I don't remember that number because we get to total expenditures in 2022 at 4.5 million. We're generating a loss of 3.2 million. We'll always like to add back to that depreciation non-cash item. And so, when you add back depreciation, we're about 2 million cash negative, so to speak within the sports complex, without factoring in the sales tax. For the current year, expenditures increase to 5.3 million generating a loss of about 3.9 million. Again, about a million three million four depreciation, still about 2.5 million or so cash negative. And then in the budget year, expenditures increase about 6% to 5.6 million. And that loss increases till loss of 4.2 million. You do have to factor into depreciation about a million four, so it's still about 2.8 million cash negative in 24. But remember, you got the 1% sales tax bringing in roughly 4.4 million over those three years. Net of debt service, are we cash negative or neutral? Probably close to cash neutral, I would say. Possibly a little bit cash negative. It's difficult to measure that. I mean, obviously this sports complex has an impact not only on that 1% sales tax is dedicated for this, but also for the other sales taxes as well. So you have to take that into consideration. Any questions on sports complex or utility fund or anything I talked about that you guys would like to ask me about. Okay, if there's not, I'll hand it back over to my father. Thank you. Thanks, Frank. Okay, what we had said at the onset and is to go back and now we're going to look at the totals for the city of Youngsville for the, and this is on page four, by the way. If we go to page four, and it's a little bit small because there's a lot of numbers here and we wanted to try and fit it on one page. But this is bringing everything into consideration. All of the different funds, the utility fund, the park, the sales tax monies, the intergovernmental revenues or revenues grants that we're getting from other sources. As I said, federal government, state government, and our LCG. So starting with the top on