69 feet to have a triplex like the 69 feet. That lied if the tax assessor is correct, is 165 feet long on fifth street. So 165 feet long and this would take up 69 feet of it. Before coming to this meeting, it's 0.254 acres. So we allow us at 10. You can do up to 12, but we 10 without having to go into another tier for a complication. But 10 town homes per acre. So on this parcel, you can do 2.5 town homes. So 2 doesn't work for the development according to the developer, but 3 does. So I guess one, the reason I'm showing these pictures and the reason we're having this at a neighborhood meeting is because this is the, these are the things I want you to think about. You know, with this and look, I'm just sharing with you what the ordinance would be today. Now the only difference with the ordinance, the ordinance would allow 2.5 of these units on this particular lot. There was a concern about parking. You know, as you can see, there's a single car garage and a single car driveway. There was enough space here to where we could have required three or four off street parking on that lot because it was a hundred, it's 165 feet long. So one caveat of this particular ordinance with the with multi dense developments is that the council wants to make sure that we got the ordinance right. So even if even if a development today that is a town home development, even if it meets the ordinance, it still has to come here for the council members to decide if that's if it's if they want to they want it or not. So I think that that not been in that ordinance 2.5 town homes administratively we would have rounded it up to three and this would have been permissible. I don't recall if there was other factors on here because this was a couple of months ago. On the backside and I don't I didn't take a picture. I don't have a picture of it here, but on the backside, the second story windows, the ordinance requires them to have. So this is the window of Bermuda shutters with sticks out like this. So basically if you're in the adjacent yard, you don't have that feeling of somebody, you know, looking down on you and it achieves having daylight, you know, still into the upstairs unit. So I'm trying to spur your feedback to because we need direction to know if the council gets a vibe of where where we're going with this, we were we can if nothing else potentially maybe modify the ordinance to say, you know, hey, if it meets the parameters, it doesn't have to come back, you know, before the council. So my goal and not just specific to your neighborhood, but our goal is we want to be easy to