for us to continue improving the Young'sville fire department, we can continue to meet the goals and objectives just like the highlights that it gave you from the past 18 months. But what I'm asking for is a shared revenue source from the unincorporated area should we continue servicing that population. I know this is not a new issue a couple of years ago. We had you know, our parish council leaned in and tried to really resolve this issue. And I feel like it's been dormant for a while in fairness to the parish council. They do, they did allocate some funding for a new tanker truck. Tanker truck is what happens when you don't have fire hydrants. And we do have a small area of our city that we do use that tanker truck to respond to. But frankly, we wouldn't need the parish's tanker truck if we weren't servicing the unincorporated areas because we could come up with a solution for the areas that we're servicing with the tanker truck. So what I'm looking for is more tangible results that can help us deliver the appropriate level of service and staffing and equipment and supplies that we want to supply our fire department with. So this resolution, if passed, my intention is to send it to our colleagues and friends on the parish council and just ask for their cooperation to work with this to help make fire protection outside of the city limits of priority. And you know, and also I'm okay if it's not because not everything has not everything can be a priority. But once I know the direction of those that are elected to serve the people that I'm speaking of will be able to make decisions to respond accordingly about my recommendation to be able to move forward. So with that I'll pause and leave it open to the council if they have any questions. I don't have any questions, Mayor, but it's one five. I mean, we have been gone through this for years. And when the new administration came into the parish, the funding for the parish fire departments were supposed to be a priority. Well, we have not felt that here because we continue, we have such a good fire department and such good men and women that leave that fire department that we have answered that call. So I completely agree. I would like to move that we pay us this resolution. It's the right thing to do. And I think it's time for them to step up. Thank you, Ms. Shumpon. Thank you. Great. Motion by Ms. Shumpon. Second, Mr. Stansbury. I do have a question. Yes, sir. Please. What has been the, you know, in eight years, we certainly have not been getting the same amount. Right. I want to say when we first got into office, it was more. Has it decreased? It's, it's, please, we have a captain's year. And please, please correct me