traffic impact analysis. So everything's going to require it. How many cars can fit in a lot? How many vehicles are even allowed to even be in that development? So that town home only allows two cars per development. It's so different than, you know, and there's some of them in the someone building a, you know, one home in that lot per se and having five cars in the driveway. Well, can I have, because the trailer that was there before, they had 50 people living there, so this governance is a little bit further where they build a duplex, but only two cars are allowed per duplex, then we're able to govern that a little bit more, versus if someone builds a home and they put five cars there, we're going to control that. Okay, and I do have something else to say. Since this area where I live is getting more, can we do something with the streets? We have no lines on the street to tell people, because say, for instance, like, when I'm going on the corner, people getting mad at me, they thinking it's a one way street. It's not a one way street. Can we get something that lets people know since you're going to develop that side of town? Let's do it right. Let's put markets on the street. Let people know there's a right lane, you know, right side and the left side of the street. Those streets, nothing has ever been known to those streets if I've been living there. Sandra, come on. We, that we've worked on several of the streets. There's been new signage. There's, there are one way is going different direction to lessen the traffic. So thanks have been done to that. I'm talking about the street itself to let people know that needs to be markets on the street. Let people know what side to be on. They think it is a one way. It means just like even right now, with the one way you sign up, the way you're parent house? Yes, and I'm not. Not on green tea. No, no, no, that's not what I'm talking about, because we've worked on stuff and I get it. I'm not in no way bashing you about anything. No, no, no, that's not what I'm saying. I'm just simply saying something has to be done because somebody's going to get killed on that corner. That's all I'm simply saying. I see it every day. And just what they want to clarify, the council of the mayor, we are not bringing these developments. They're brought to the city. They go through the mayor's office for discussion and make sure they follow that ordinance. And at the end of the day, it's in front of us. And that's why you're seeing some things that are being done like the townhomes. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. But that's why it's like, hey, we had to