that Avenue A, we had a public hearing, we heard some of your concerns and feedback about it when that neighborhood was, when that development was approved. What's interesting to me and looking at that development today, it's selling for $187 a square foot. That's more than I could get from my house and copper meadows just to let you just to put a perspective. That development doesn't have garages, but it has car ports. So then we knew that we were doing this ordinance. So when at the end of first street near Foster Park came along, that one has garages. That one had to do, did get I think a variance on the density to where they were unable to do maybe one or two more than the actual density there allowed. And it was allowed because I think there was a, I believe there was a tree there that might have been said, I don't remember the particulars about that. What I would share with you is that we haven't seen a townhouse development. Well, we did actually, I'm going to show you an example of one. And I'm focusing on the townhouses simply because that is where we've had some development conversation within this particular area. So there's a particular lot at church in church and fifth street. Going back a couple of years, this is what it looked like. So, you know, church, young, so middle, everybody know where we are? Young, so middle, you know, right kind of behind this way. This way. So this, this is at church and fifth, this particular lot is 67 by 165 feet deep. So this is what was there. I don't know why it says that, but it's not that. After that mobile home left, keep in mind, I've already said that a mobile home can't go back there because there wasn't enough, one enough space to put it. This is what that property looked like and it looked like this for some time there at that particular intersection. The grass was getting cut by the city. In your neighborhood, we have, I didn't bring the list here, but I think it was at least four or five, which known as adjudicated properties there. That's where the property owner, that's not unique, you know, to any particular neighborhood, but in that small area, it's a lot to have four or five adjudicated properties. What that means is that the property owners walked away, they're not paying taxes. There's a waiting period. Hopefully it can get returned back in the commerce. But what happens in the meantime is we're cutting it and you're paying for it. That's what happens. So this was an example of before, you know, that property was cut there. The last one that I'm going to show you there is an example of kind of what spurred this discussion. This particular building is a triplex. Has the garages. This particular building would take up