think we'll be closer to 53 as we're kind of final odds and some are trying to finalize some detail which will give us plenty of room going from 53 back. That probably at least 20. I don't want to say anything incorrect here, but the 20 and 30 feet in the backyard give or take. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, and what's the width? What's the length of the depth of the lot? The depth. About 100. Thank you. We normally require an regular subdivision. I know we're not talking about subdivision we talk about a subdivision of properties. However, we are looking at smaller lot widths and putting more homes in that in that density in a in a neighborhood a historic what I call our historical downtown. So I like the look of the homes. I want you to know that. Thank you. I do have a huge concern about putting three homes on one lot on an 82 foot wide light. I will be very up front with you on that one. We would be allowing you to do something and not have points because when we do a subdivision the developer has to come back and show us that they're going to get so many points to be able to do green spaces, parks, they get points for this to be able to do a decrease in lot size. In this case y'all aren't offering anything. Correct? Okay. I may have some more but that's all for me right now. Just to follow up with you misschampagne. Wells landing is there 45 by 115 to give you just to give you that answer. Thank you. Thank you. Any other council comments or I know I know you own the property now. Okay. All right. Mr. Romero. Good evening guys. How y'all doing? Good. How are you? Thanks for leading us in prayer by the way for taking that over to the council. Of course. Has there been any consideration of two subdivided into two homes? And how about before you answer that let me go and say this I love the idea of the revitalization or actually just reinvestment I should say in the downtown area. I don't think it needs to be revitalized per se. I think the people who live down there have lived down there for generations. It was one of the original parts of the Youngsville. Boyville. And for that matter as investors have come in to revitalize it or reinvest into it we even had our traffic study engineer decide that we needed to make a lot of those streets one way because of the flow of traffic. You know we reinvested in the park down there. We have a lot more traffic. We had to move part of the police out of there because of traffic as well. So my main concern is as we move forward with development with people wanting to expand their