 I'm sorry. How's it back there, Kim? Different. All right. Good. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the Young'sville City Council meeting. The regular schedule meeting today starts December 14th. The time is 6 p.m. To lead us in our invocation this evening. I'd like to invite past of Chris Williams to the front from Pentecostals of Young'sville church. To lead us in the invocation, and if you please remain standing, our pledge this evening will be led by Council Member Romero. Pastor, welcome. Thank you so much for having us, amen. Father, we thank you so much, oh God, for a great year. 2023 has already pretty much wrapped itself up. God, and we're looking forward to all that you're doing. God, continue to give us counsel, continue to give wisdom. God, continue to cause this city to progress and be on the forefront of what you're doing. God, we give you the glory and the honor for everything that you're doing. In Jesus' name, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. A pledge of allegiance to the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. One nation under God and the individual liberty and justice for all. Right. Nicole, please call the roll. Here. Here. Here. Here. Here. All right. Thank you, Nicole. Council, before we begin the meeting, relative to the agenda, this afternoon, Wade brought to my attention. A new development in the Leon litigation. I know that you've expressed interest in being updated. This evening, I have that information for you. You can elect to meet individually with Wade. As your schedule permits, we can certainly call another meeting or at your discretion, you can choose to expand the agenda this evening for an executive session. Should you choose? Missed on plan. I would like to make a motion to expand the agenda and go into executive session to give the consul an update on the law and litigation. Okay. And I'd like for that to happen in other business. So we'll do if it's okay with the council We'll consider we'll we'll have to do a vote but we'll consider adding that at 6.2 which would be other business Later in the meeting mayor. I'll second that motion all right have a second by councilmember Romero So there's a motion to expand the agenda to consider other business that's the Leon litigation versus the city of Young'sville Ricky Bujure Eric Seguir and Amgard insurance company Miss Gaydry please call it This will be to expand the agenda to hear an update all in favor motion through All right, are there any other modifications to the agenda this evening? All right hearing none we'll go ahead into the recognitions We have two recognitions this evening a first one's 3.1 is to recognize Our friend our city treasurer Ben Burley on his retirement from the city which is effective December 29 2023 Whenever we have a team member that's been such an integral part of our Of our administration and of the of the city. It's always kind of a sad moment But it's also so proud for me and for our team to to look at how far we've come during that individuals 10 year and tonight With Ben it's certainly no exception. I've been joined the team just over six years ago as our city treasurer lifelong resident of of Young'sville So he brought so much to the table just from his personal knowledge of the community His family and so forth Six years in the position a lot has certainly changed. I don't have an update on what our budget was six years ago or what We look like at that time, but it has been a heavy lift. I would say to to say in the least That it was it was certainly a heavy lift him Ben I'm so proud of everything that you've done for us in the city and for leading us through All those consecutive years of budgets great audit reports But beyond that I think you're just your friendship and having you in the office seeing you every day In the break room Ben's a little bit of a creature. I have it. So I eat my lunch late So typically I'll be in the break room when he's coming back to make the afternoon pot of coffee from his lunch So hope we can continue that type of relationship as you start the next chapter of your life But sincere thanks to you on behalf of myself our team our council colleagues And the citizens of Young'sville. I mean you certainly exceeded expectations that I set forth when we met Six years ago in fact when we first met I told Ben I said I don't I said why don't you help me out through a little bit of a transitional period until we find the next person Because Ben was looking for work at that time after a long and distinguished career in the oil In the oil field and I said if you don't like it, you don't have to stay well It he liked it. He stayed and I've enjoyed every minute of it. I hope that you have as well. So On behalf of all of us It's a pleasure and a privilege to see even into to present you with a key to the city But before before we do that, I just kind of wanted to open it up if Whether it's Catherine or any of the council members have anything that they'd like to to share and In gratitude of Ben Miss jump on thank you, Mayor I can't say enough. Thanks to you Ben. It's gonna be hard not to you Every month and I just want everyone You know, I had the privilege to work with you as well as on this council and and get to know you wonderful wife death But also don't want to anyone to underestimate when Ben came in we was still going through a conversion of our computer system Ashley got his started, but we were still in that mode and thank goodness for being he came in and And grabbed it grabbed the horns about the the bowl by the horns and and took over and that's why we have the system We have today, right and that is working so I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart until you love you and your entire family, but thank you And enjoy your entire retirement enjoy those grandkids any retirement advice We enjoy you I didn't think I could get used to retirement either Ben. It's a little horrific first, you know But but you you're overcoming a promise So mr. Romero Yeah, I just want to express my gratitude my family's gratitude Got to know you when I was campaigning for the first time when you're sister made introductions and everything and I met the opposite of your sister You know someone very quiet and Not so direct But your family has served young so well and so many capacities and It was a great like Simone said the transition when you came in from a financial background I know myself and our colleagues at a time it was a Breath of relief that next budget that we did because it was made sense it was easier to read your doors always been open You've always been available when we had questions about what we can and can't do and gave your advice and It's appreciated definitely got to see the times and I can tell it helped the transition Getting Catherine on board to so kudos to you and I hope we don't I hope we continue to see some and some avenue or somewhere But good luck with retirement or good luck to your wife made I don't know Thanks, man mr. Bolzana Thank you. Congratulations. T. Dea. Thank you for allowing us to have been all these years Uh, I'm so proud that they have a privilege to know new guys since I was a young child and I'll be able to go to school with your boys And now growing up and having our kids and their kids be friends um Been you've been with us through a lot of minumiddle transitions in this community A lot of large financial growth that we've we've had income and and then spending obviously And I wouldn't have wanted to have anybody else here to spend money with that would be so financially responsible than you You've grown our police department a fire department a public works our city And I'm so proud that you were able to Translator this new building and at least uh, you know, be able to enjoy this for the time that you did and it'll definitely be Won't be the same to be able to pass you up in the office as I come in to get the scoop on young zoolas Chatted up at her coffee, but I'm sure I'm sure we'll be able to see at the house and uh one joy some family functions over there But enjoy the retirement and y'all enjoy the grandkids and do the things that retirees do Thank you So I'm sorry something just quickly came to my mind as we're talking about it You know, I say you're very you're very predictable. Well, there was about a year or two ago where the uh Popeyes chicken sandwich came out Do you remember that? Been we okay someone was still here. I got a really good laugh Ben Ben was so looking forward to having a Popeye he I keep hearing about this Popeyes chicken sandwich and chicken You know, it was the so it's like You know go get your one, you know, so he had he had planned it out he had mapped his route for lunch Just what he's gonna do handle it and Someone you remember the there's the story Yeah But I well, I don't want to I don't I mean, you know you tell a story and it kind of changes a little bit Anyway, so Ben goes to get his Popeyes chicken sandwich and I don't know at what point he realized that he actually went through Wendy's Yeah, but anyway, I hope I hope you did get that chicken sandwich after all I don't think Wendy's Yeah, I don't think Wendy's had a chicken sandwich But uh, I said I think you would have noticed the wrapper of the The sandwich on a cup or something some on says what about the big sign outside But anyway, thank you. Thank you for the last. Thank you for the friendship and uh, hopefully T-Dev is Is ready for you there. So she's warmed up that retirement seat for you. So that's cool Well, I just want to say congratulations. We'll miss you some big shoes to feel you welcome to come back and brew the coffee every afternoon Usually I look up, but it's about two or three Welcome it You know, I'll miss you know the story and you know you're very involved with I think I think the goal is ready to take you through the next threshold She's gonna she's gonna move it up even further. Yeah I know we're leaving it in good hands. Thank you Ben Any words of advice for For Catherine any of us Hey, keep doing what you're doing. It's working Thank you The console the console is is a great console. You all all seem to reach the decisions You have great staffers and you know directors in place. So I love it. I know you've come to me usually when you're gonna plan something big and you want to know what my opinion is Because I've been a resident from July And I always loved it because I see great progress for the city. I love it I don't want to you know, I mean like I said there are other little cities that I love all around us But they need some love and attention and money They don't have what we have and you know, I'm not I'm not I'm not saying anything bad against that. I'm just saying we're very fortunate and lucky to have the community we have It's safe. It's got a great infrastructure. We'll keep building and adding on to it While we're carefully thinking about everybody who lives here What they need and you know with schools and a great sports program So I mean, I I'm thrilled that the success and the progress Thanks for being part of it. So So the You Congratulations, Ben. I have a key to the city proudly presented to Ben Barley. And sincere appreciation for your years of dedicated service to the citizens of Young'sville as city treasurer. Congratulations on your retirement and a wonderful career. I'm wishing you nothing but happiness, success, and good times in the future. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Let's get it with the whole team. We'll donate this picture to the historic society since Ben is on the board there. He's the treasurer of the historic society. We can get out of here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I haven't had to say this in a while. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's like a Christmas present. I'm going to make sure that the councilman in the lecture stands where you don't have to stay for the whole meeting. We usually tell our guests that. The councilman is the councilman. The councilman is the councilman. The councilman is the councilman. The councilman is the councilman. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Bulljohn. Mr. Bulljohn. Mr. Bulljohn. Mr. Bulljohn. Mr. Bulljohn. Mr. Bulljohn. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Champagne or Mr. Romero? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.