 Thank you. All right. Well, good evening, everyone again. Thank you for your patience. Thursday, June 13th. We welcome you to the regular monthly meeting of the Youngsville City Council. If you'd please stand, I'd like to ask Councilwoman Cree to lead us in the pledge of allegiance. And then Pastor Joe Cormier from the United States Assembly of Youngsville is here to lead us in invocation. The pledge of allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, the nation under God, the individual, the liberty and justice for all. Thank you, Ms. Cree. That's all I'm not following. That's all I'm not following. That's all I'm not following. That's all I'm not following. Thank you so much. Let's go to the Lord. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your love. We thank you. Herzleb Schön, our Lord, I need to report more to you. Those are all others. You are in death safely, holy Father. Stand oracyjn and take all lives in justice for us. Thank you, Rob. Grief. to better this community. And Lord, we ask for your blessings upon all of our families, upon all of our activities, just in upon our city, where we thank You for Young'sville and just for the opportunities that You've opened in this place to raise families and just to raise businesses up and just to prosper. Lord, we thank You for that. And we just give You all the glory and the honor for it. We pray this in the mighty and matchless name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Bares, here. Mr. Volgiano, here. Mr. Romero is absent. Ms. Cree, here. Ms. Champagne, here. All right, thank You, Ms. Gidry. Jenna, item 3.1 approval of the meeting minutes from May 9th, 2024, motion by Ms. Bares, second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any comments or questions? Any public feedback? Okay, hearing none, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Jenna, item 4.1 approval of the April 2024 Finance Report. All right, a motion by Ms. Champagne, second by Ms. Cree. Any council discussion? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right, thank You, Ms. Gidry. Other business, 5.1 is the bid review for the Young's World Water Treatment Plant. Council, I'd like to table this item until our next meeting. We're still working through some last minute details on the grant process and look forward to having an update for you in probably two weeks on that issue. All right, agenda item 5.2 is to approve the daily advertisers, the official journal for the city of Young's World for the fiscal year 2024 2025 is required by Revised Statute 43141A motion by Mr. Volgiano, second by Ms. Barraz. Is there any council discussion? I didn't really get to see how the final bill landed, but I know that Representative Carlson had a bill relative to this this session, perhaps to give us some more alternatives for having an official journal. As luck has it, we had to make the decision to approve it for the 12 years now, but I'm glad they're having that discussion to hopefully give us some more options in the future. So is there any public comment? All right, wait a moment, second. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right, thank you, Council, agenda item 5.3. Council, as you know, part of the 1-104 development code required in a low and multi-density developments to come before you. So that's what we have here for you tonight. There's two addresses, it's the same developer, Mr. Michael Shapell, and he's gonna present his, I'm sorry, Mr. Shapell here. Yes, sir, how are you? Good, thank you. So he's here, and we're gonna be talking about the request that he has here. If we can, I'll start off with number one, which is 100 Eugene Street. And for the public's benefit, in case you aren't familiar with this property, this is the corner property at Eugene, and I guess that's Avenue B, the corner property. And is it, am I right about that? And let's see, I took a couple of notes here. So the ordinance has its written council, even if everything was within line with the current ordinance, it would still be here for you. And for the public's knowledge, the reason we do that is really just to make sure, are the council at the time when they adopted the ordinance was to make certain that the ordinance was really working right as they intended. They wanted to make sure that it was appropriate, it wasn't overly written, and that the restrictions were adequate for what they felt at the time. The current ordinance for town homes, what we call low density developments, 10 is the maximum units that you can put per acre. So if you have a half acre, you could put five. You can go up two more to do 12 per acre, which would be six per half acre, and if you can scale it. So if it's quarter of an acre, it would just be scaled accordingly. You can do two more per acre provided that there's some additional steps that are taken on that property. That particular system has worked well for us for neighborhood development. There's minimum lot whists that are required in our neighborhood development. You can go a little bit smaller on the minimum lot whists provided that there's other amenities added into the development. That was the spirit that the council had when they drafted this ordinance, when they started seeing a lot of low density, low and multi-density developments coming to play. So the first ask is to, for this particular parcel, is to allow there to be 11 units per acre instead of 10 units per acre. Just for you guys to know, how I use my analogy of where it's just 10 per acre, half acres five, Mr. Chappelle, I'm sure you'll correct this when you have the opportunity to speak, but I think the difference here would be to be able to do like six instead of five on this subject piece. And he's not in his head, so I think that's what we're talking about. The second one, the minimum frontage on each townhome today in the ordinance is 25 feet. And Mr. Chappelle is asking that that gets decreased to 23 feet. So reduction of two feet per each one of the townhomes. And then the final request is to remove the floor plan restriction requirement. And council, I'm sure you may be correct me if you feel, if you recall that it was differently. My recollection of the intention at that time was basically just to, I don't know that it was really driven on the inside of what the floor plans were, per se as it was really the exterior facade. We were trying to avoid there being just a blank, straight canvas. And we wanted there to be some change in plain, some sort of character in the design. So that's where the floor plan restriction requirement, they wanted to see repeating more variety in the facades as opposed, and we have this similar one. That was modeled in part by, there was a code that we have for commercial development. If buildings are longer than, they think of like a supermarket. If a building's straight, they wanted there to be some recessed elements that protrude further out, basically just to give it some design characteristics. So anyway, those are the three there. At the appropriate time, if y'all wanna show kind of what's being proposed here. 100 Eugene Street from my calculation is 0.442 acres. So it's just under half acre. And that's how I was able to determine, half acre would allow you to have five. If the variance would be allowed for them to go to 23 foot frontage and being able to have 11 per acre would increase this to be six on the property, as I already mentioned. And then the last comment that I have, I think just for introductory comments, is I wanted to share that this particular parcel is about 215 feet long and about 102 feet wide, roughly, so about 100 feet wide and about 215 feet deep. So you can kind of do the math and say, okay, well, if there's four town homes on them, 25 feet, that's about 100 feet. So 100 feet of town homes to give you an idea. And I know I said six, so that would be six times 25 on a 215 foot lot. So I just bring that up because the reason for the so many per acre was so that way there was still green area and other elements for parking or just green space towards not if this is a lot, it's not concrete the entire way. So this particular lot has 219 feet this way and the request of the developers to have six units at 23 feet. So who's good at math? Maybe six, I'm saying 18, 1238 feet. So it basically be 138 feet taken of the 219 feet if I did that correctly. So I'll pause there. I think Ms. Champagne has a question. Did you want to part? I think Ms. Champagne's going to have some comments here. So my partner David, you hold on. Come on up, sir. Thank you. I'm sorry, was David? Was the David? David, okay. McCullough. McCullough? McCullough? Okay. Thank you. So there's just a slight adjustment to the size of the line. Okay. So originally we tried to buy the whole line. From Avenue B all the way over to Eugene Street. So the lot that we actually have is Eugene Street, which is first street, the corner first street, and Eugene Street. Okay. So Eugene Street now it's just an empty lot without an address. Right. So the dimensions that you refer to for the whole thing. Yeah. Okay. Absolutely right. So you have the dimensions on the, just a lot. So it's about one 20 by one or two. Yeah. So it's one 20 by one or two. We actually found out after we bought the lot and had it surveyed, that we got an extra 20 feet from first street all the way back to the neighbor's property. Okay. So we actually have an extra 20 feet. So just so I'm clear. So you're, so tonight, we're only, you're only asking the council to consider not where the house is, but just really the current vacant lot. That's correct. That's absolutely correct. Okay. The current vacant lot, which is one 20 by one or two. All right. So we consulted with a builder. And we're deciding whether to put the townhouse like you see there, either three or four you got you three. Okay. All right. Okay. So I didn't run any of the things that I wanted to do. So I didn't run, I didn't run the numbers, but I guess that you would be able to put, be able, sounds like you would be able to put three. Yes. Absolutely. So, okay. So the request would be able to put four if that makes sense. So you're asking to basically use 100 roughly. So each one, you're asking for, let's say it's 25 feet from 25 times four would be 100 foot of the lot. That's 120 feet. That's exactly right. All right. That's perfect. And what you see on the picture is very similar to what we want to do, but we've also talked to another builder. Okay. That has a little bit different design. What you see the garage is open, but what we'll do is use his plans to actually enclose it. Okay. And that's in response to the city's ordinance. Yes, sir. Okay. And then on the backside, I know I think Garrett in our office may have reached out just to clarify. The current ordinance council, you recall there was a requirement that second story windows had bermuda shutters, which this is the window of a muted shutter comes out like this. Yes. It's kind of helped create some privacy. And it was my understanding of Mrs. Chappelle, you were fine with that requirement. Yes. So just pointing that out because that that would be the difference of the picture that you're seeing. And I'm sure that you're seeing on this image. Mr. Garrett said either a bermuda or the Bahamas shutters. That's correct. One of the two. I think so. Yeah. Any other general comments about it before we get into maybe some some questions? Or a goal is ultimately to help beautify the neighborhood with something like that aesthetically. Okay. And have some affordable rentals. Okay. Thank you, sir. Councilman Champagne. Thank you. First of all, thank you all for wanting to invest in young sale. We really appreciate it. What are you in? What is your intent for the church street lot? We want to do something very similar to that. Very similar. Recently is as late as last month. We refused someone to come in and build multi-family homes on one single lot. And I believe that by doing this, we're losing the integrity of what we call our historic district downtown. The way that we have envisioned our district as well as the longstanding people that have lived there all their lives. My other concern, which is a very large concern also, is these streets are so narrow that it cannot hold increase in traffic. So, I think that's the only way to make sure that we can build a city here when the town homes downtown were approved. It was a consensus of this council to allow those to be built and see how that worked out in our downtown area. So, my consensus is I'm not going to agree to do this today. Or probably ever again in the downtown area, the historic district. You purchase a property, not do believe if you put a beautiful home on that property and beautify that that lot. It's beautiful property to begin with. I think that would be perfectly acceptable, a single family home. But I'm not going to have these types of homes come in and start impacting neighbors that have been there all their lives. That's not what we envision our historic district to be. So, at this time there, I would like for anyone else to speak. I just want the council to know that I'm not in favor and will not vote for this. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate y'all wanting to beautify the area. Thank you. Is there any other council comment? We invite public comment at this time. How are you doing, sir? Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. Mr. Comma, right? Okay. Good to see you. I'm sorry. I didn't realize I had another councilor buzz in and then I'll come right back to you, sir. Mr. Bulljana. I think I'm going to appreciate that and want to invest in our community and offer some diversified rentals or livable spaces for our residents or future residents. Simone, I just wanted to ask. So you said you'd offer them or possibly build a new home or a future home there. But I don't know that any new home or single home is going to fit in with the downtown district and itself. So I guess I'm just trying to maybe maybe that's some discussion that we need to have as far as where do we want to see our community grow even though it's a downtown district and we want to preserve that. If the if the lots and the homes there not being preserved and maybe in the aspect that we're wanting or how we envision it, how do we how do we expect future business developers to come in and want to invest in our community. I agree with you. One idea I thought of possibly was the fact that we could engage our historical we have a historical committee now and we could engage our historical committee when you talk about not fitting in this does not fit in with the downtown of what I know downtown to be and what I think our homeowners want it to be. So my suggestion would be to engage our historical committee and just ask them because I do believe we need a vision for downtown to keep that historically sound. We have ordinances in place that if the yards and not the homes and not kept and don't I think is doing a wonderful job of that and making sure that then the homeowners are contacted to help start preserving those. I mean it's not perfect but I think she works hard but this is just not something that I know I want to say I would love to hear from the people that live in that neighborhood and see what they think. But to me this is not preserving the history not only is it not preserving the history we are adding six units or four or five units two cars with each unit more people more tightly together in other areas of the city. So the city I can I can see that happening I mean sugar mopons doing it but they already allow for reduced said back to be in a traditional neighborhood. This is not a traditional neighborhood this I call a historic neighborhood. So I do think that we need to do something to make sure that we are in line with the vision of what the city and the city so all we always talk about our historical downtown. We look at all the work the city's done on main street to try and enhance the beauty of it. So I do believe I agree with you there's something that we can do. Yeah I guess at this point I'm just trying to figure out what is what is the what is your main takeaway that you feel this wouldn't belong as opposed to the town homes we approve of the McClelland brothers or the ones we approve of the backside of Wilson's property other than it being three and one duplex what is aesthetically appealing wise it's almost memorable. So we so we we've approved those two but now we're going to stand out around integrity. It looks foolish that now we're going to pick this is the grounds of standing. I disagree with you and that's my opinion if you disagree with me vote for it that's all I can tell you. No I mean if you disagree that's what I'm going to tell you. I'm just merely looking as if we're going to if that's what we're going to stand up for. And I'm not even sure if I was on the council when y'all approved the other one so. That doesn't matter either way I mean you're here now your vote is your vote I'm just I'm just looking for guidance in the sense that that's what we've approved in the past but now we're going to stand out around integrity that looks foolish but secondly if we're standing on historical district which I'm all about and I never said don't do a good job she's a phenomenal job but where what does that look like it's never come up in discussion and we constantly talk about historical district but no one ever has an idea of what that looks like. I don't and if there if there is something that exists I'm all the years to it but other than moving you know a 120 year old home and re-modeling it to me that's historical has historical data artifacts it's belong it's you know it's it's it's enrichment everything in part of the community but if that's if we don't have that then what is it other than an open lot and just calling a historical district. That's that's wrong I want to be informed about because it seems that there is it's a very mute point with a discussion. Well and just because it was done in the past doesn't make it right today and that at some point we need to take a stand and say enough is enough. People are coming in in buying properties which hey look I love to have investors come in to our city and invest in our properties but they're not actually staying do you are you're going to live in these you intend on moving in on these. Now we plan on moving in one of them and one of them you're going to random or sell them. I think your discussion is perfectly understanding or not think we need to have that discussion maybe not tonight because we're not prepared to have that discussion but I do believe that should be put on the table of what we how we look at our downtown historic district what I call the historic district. And I have great pride and I have great pride in the people that live there even though I wasn't born and raised here I think it's very important to them so. No I'm not I'm not saying that it's not I mean I walk these streets to go to school my entire childhood I have friends that still live here family that's grown up this entire downtown district what I'm saying is that we this is the same conversation we have time and time again this will not be this isn't the first since it's not the last time development that will come here. You've had this exact conversation with me and you on this council chambers since you've been on so how many times are we going to continue to have developers and people that want to invest money in the community and we're going to keep telling them no this isn't fit the vibe doesn't doesn't fit the downtown district but there's no committee form the historical district does not come in here have a discussion no one enriches anybody on forms the best to what they want to see very very good I like that and that's not to be that's up to push on you but I'm just saying as far as. Here to speak with us and there's one to spend their time if you like I can make a motion we can still have discussion but my motion would be to deny and put a more toward him on any other new multi family home that wants to come in the downtown area and we can outline that area geographically if you like. We can take a pause and ask Mr. Chappelle yet a comments or I did have a comment originally David and I's plan was to buy that house that's on Avenue B in first street but and we were going to renovate it yes sir he was going to live in it and we we have that whole stretch of land that we could use but what we've noticed is there's a bunch of empty lots not being used for any other purpose just the lot being there yeah and so. Our goal was to have affordable everybody wants to come to youngville you know beautiful city I love it and everybody wants to come here but they're being they can't find affordable housing and that's what we want to present is affordable something as beautiful as that that we actually enhance the neighborhood you know so it wasn't cost effective to buy the house so we ended up buying an empty lot. And if our so far recall in the house I mean just to reiterate I guess what you said I mean it's needs extensive repairs it does it does we were about 160,000 and they wanted way too much for it got you yeah even to move it it would cost yeah a lot of money to move that house off of it so it's it's being bought by someone else we have no idea we got it okay it's already I didn't realize it was being subdivided but that's it's good to know I did know about the extra feed I was told about that earlier yeah I want to get miss councilman Barras in but you know just to kind of take a step back I think you're both are making excellent points you know and I think and I Mr. Gidry's here in the audience I'm going to get him involved in a few minutes because about 10 years ago when we passed our land use ordinance for the city of young so we we took at the time that in it's still today if you look at that ordinance it's referred to as Royville the Royville district of our land use ordinance and you know that that was a vision at that time actually Mr. Gidry he's an architect that really guided us through that process and he's helped us at other times where I felt we've had an impasse of this building being a great example of it actually I've got a consult with Mr. Gidry he's here tonight by coincidence because I wanted to we wanted to preserve the tree here so how do we do that how do we shift it and how do we you know how do we take what you what we want and how do we achieve that goal at the time Mr. Gidry talked to me about doing additional an additional layer of my call and regulations is because that's what comes top of mind for the area defined in the land use ordinance as Royville and that was basically school street you know first to fifth I mean you you guys know the area it's the original village at the time you know bringing in just land use telling you what you can do on your property was kind of I felt we were pushed in the envelope too much at that time so we took a pause and I told Mr. Gidry I said I don't think we're quite there yet but so to miss Shampon's point maybe there is opportunity now because I do think it's going to be important a lot of what we do as an as an administration is meet with potential landowners for development the reason at the time the council wanted an ordinance with more restrictions is because we saw some product coming into the community that we really felt you know if we asked you know 10 people we felt a majority would say that's not what we're looking for and it's through some dialogue with builders and developers that we developed this ordinance but we have no other ordinance that the council has said I want to still hear it I want to hear it even if it meets all the requirements unless it's a subdivision of property because I think that you are still a little bit unsure if you want to do that right I will say from the ordinance that you've written this is about as close to what it was at that time so if there's still some concerns about is it still checking off the boxes of what we want then we probably do need to take a step further and really learn our recall one time when we did there was an opinion that we were getting allowing two small of lots well landing was a great example of that and the well landing I think is a great neighborhood today because it has a great HOA and we did we learn some things in that neighborhood of course we did we don't want long streets like we have today and well landing so you can't have it but at the time we don't like it's too many houses and we started asking ourselves what don't you like about it what don't you like about it and at the time the common denominator appeared to be that we weren't necessarily the target audience for that product and then the consensus basically came and said and that may be okay you know that where we may not see ourselves living there but there was still a need for that you know in our community and then today you know a decade later that's still a great neighborhood but you know in the development of our city and the development redevelopment of this neighborhood we probably have one opportunity to get it right you know so what does that look like because I can tell you there's there's more interest in redeveloping this I'd like to say it's because the city's invested more in infrastructure in that couple of block area then we have in any other area of our community now you may be asking yourself scratching your head thinking like how is that possible but because that's because the city's largely been built by private development that the city's accepted the infrastructure afterwards but for the city to go back in and do the beautification and the streets gaping widening the road in front of more of those little things that's why I say we've spent more there and that's not why the church is investing there that's not why we're investing here I think that's all happening because we care and we all want to get it right so there is merit to what you're saying I think the historical society may have a good you know but that's to keep in mind that they can't be the only piece because they're not developers you know they don't they don't really know it because I just did some math I mean if three townhomes fit on this that would be 75 feet of the 120 foot lot so from a setback standpoint you know we would still be fine right I mean because you have a 70 you have 75 feet three units at 75 or three units combined at 75 on 120 you know unit lot so I think that's why when we start asking ourselves okay what don't we like about it and if it is the traffic with them let's you know let's talk about it and we you can start to dive in like what don't we really like about it and then we can address those things and fine tune that ordinance a little bit more is tonight you know so that way when we have interested people like you know the Chappelle Mr. Chappelle we are we're facilitating and team it up the best that we can for the councils approval that night. So Ms. Boris sorry. I just wanted to say I do agree with Simone pretty much everything she said I did speak with Glinda with the historical society she had a closing today so she couldn't make it but the society itself is very interested in looking at the homes in the downtown area in this historic area and trying to find the history of them and you know we have plans to put plaques in different areas and and and have historic places that can be going to and look at by the community. I grew up on second street I walked to school every day I played in the park down the road I don't envision what you have here in that area the lots in that particular area are a little bit larger than you would see normally also is the fact that if you're going to purchase a lot I found lately that a lot of people have been coming to us for variances on setbacks. I understand you're not quite sure what would be put on that lot but if I purchased a lot I would stay within my guidelines you know it's a large lot I think a very nice house could be single house could be put there so I have to agree with Michelle Pine I would vote no and thank you for wanting to invest but this is not what I envision. Mr. Coma if you if you were my comment up just so the only reason because I know there's we stream the meetings in case there's somebody you're welcome to stay close I just want to be able to. Yeah if you don't mind that's fine. My name is Jamie Como I live at one of four Jolini way I like to thank the mayor and the council for at least giving me a few minutes I live next to the 700 church street location I'm a electrical contractor and been in construction for 42 years that particular site is really small for that so I don't know how that's going to work. I'm concerned with traffic concerned with my grandchildren walking to school with the homes being so close to the road we already have issues with that with older homes on another note I agree with Mr. Moan Ms. Barrett I believe that's a historic district I've lived there for 26 years I believe here all my life. And I'd like to see single family homes on those lots not multiple places I think it's a great idea somewhere else but not in our historic district I'm just thinking that is something I think you should consider and hopefully make the right decision I'm here with a few of my neighbors in support. Not doing it so I just want to say from a homeowners position we don't agree with it. Thank you Mr. Como we welcome any other comment or public feedback if you'd like. Okay. If you want my giving us your name just my name is Penny who I live at 105 Avenue B right next door yes we do have a traffic problem I can't back out of my corporate because when I do I get horned at people will stop they'll slam on their brakes so I've resorted to if I want to park in my garage I have to back out drive through my front yard and come out the side so my husband parks in the back of the house we made another driveway but I like to keep my car under the garage so please we don't need any more traffic you know while and I fully support affordable homes I do because I'm not rich okay but I would really appreciate if you could just know please don't thank you Miss Penny you're very close we're very close yes okay yeah we've had we're so close people miss the curve and they drive through my front yard on rainy days it's just I see it a little bit more than others you know it's just we don't have a wide enough streets and if they try to widen the street my yard is going to get smaller if I wanted a small yard I'd move into a subdivision where I'd only have to pass my lawnmower twice and I'd be finished with that I like having a yard yeah so but I appreciate everything thank you very much all right thank you Miss Penny nice to see you Miss Ray good evening Ray Alberado I have been a lifetime resident of Young'sville I appreciate Miss Jean-Pine and Miss Barrett for speaking up for the citizens of the downtown area I think what we find is that when people move in a Young'sville and they move into subdivisions they are governed by a subdivision organization that takes care of their concerns keeps everyone in line nobody builds outside of the boundaries and so on in downtown all town we've been here forever we were here before we had met your code you know you wanted to put a new light in the back of the yard you just got out there with the shovel and put it nobody cared today things are different we have codes we have ordinances we have a council who should represent us but because in the old town we have no set of governing rules this seems to be a going thing where you know today today things are this way tomorrow there's something entirely different based on someone who is up here who may not be up here next year or the next year so the things change they're constantly there it's a moving target and as citizens of all town we want we want rules we want governments we we want set rules that we know what to expect and what is not and what is going to happen in our area now we have lifetime commitments and investments in this community that by a decision of this board can change how much your property is valued at or not value that I mean if you if you guys decide it's okay tomorrow for somebody to come in and put a new style on that lot this little lady whose house is across the street is going to be devalued like there's no tomorrow and there's nothing she can do about nothing so in all town when you suggested when you suggested some type of organization that says this is what old town would like can as old town we decide what we will have in our area and not just like they do in the subdivisions I think that's a good idea and I think there's a whole lot of people who live in old town who would agree with that and there's a whole bunch of us here tonight who will step up tonight and tell you we are ready to form that organization tonight to help govern ourselves in this area and I hope you guys would take a step on it and ask for what's on the table tonight please table that and let's talk about it. Thank you. Thank you ma'am. Yes, hi. I have been born and raised on Eugene Street. I live on Second Street and I definitely thank Simon Shampine and I thank you Shannon because the traffic first of all for me on Second Street about a year ago I have fought and wrestled with and I have no children and no grandchildren here so I fought with the traffic going to school. I could come in but then when I if I was back at the end of the street I was told yes you can go pass it do you realize how I'll rate you will get people when you do that to get to my property. But that's been basically resolved it's not quite as bad if I time things just right I can I can get by and I'm okay but I am against that extra traffic we've had all these subdivisions coming up around us it has created such traffic and I just don't even want to think about what it would be like to have additional traffic here this has been this has been a very quiet we've been in in the old section it's been a very quiet and a very good neighborhood for raising children for for having peace and comfort and as I'm getting older that's what I'm looking for so I do thank you for your consideration and and I would be against it I would definitely if I had a vote in it I would say no. Okay thank you thank you ma'am Mr. Bull John. I just want to thank all of you the downtown residents that came tonight and spoke up we greatly appreciate it takes a lot of courage to get up here and speak your your mind and your opinions but I just want to make sure that I make myself clear that because I don't want to be characterized as someone who wants to have downtown completely revamped and just have loads of these in here what I was merely trying to make a conversation point and I was is that this isn't the first this isn't the last time this is going to happen since I've been on council now being where in the middle of my second term this is probably the 12th of the 13th development that's come for this exact reason. Young's will can be labeled at times being difficult to do business with difficult to to invest in and these gentlemen have invested their time and a lot of money and energy into this exact development I'm not sitting here saying that I agree with it that's exactly what young zone needs. If y'all told me today that you wanted every open lot and downtown to stay empty for the end of time then we'll stamp it today and science will deliver but let's make the decision because what we keep having is we keep having developers coming here and wasting the time and money and energy and putting their next line on what they're doing. We want to put up science plaques we want to preserve it for as for the end of time I'm 100% all about that but I think from a council standpoint we need to make that decision because you know I think Miss Ray said it best is things are changing you know look with change comes growing pains and that's just that's just part of life. It's why it's called tomorrow and yesterday is yesterday things are different yesterday today tomorrow is going to be different as well. I would love to see a beautiful you know history enriched home in that lot but it's just not happening I haven't seen it in 10 years in two decades and I don't see it in the next five years I hope that I'm wrong and I hope that someone builds a beautiful home there but if it stays empty I just want to make sure that we as a council on the same page because these conversations are going to continue to happen. You know my fan in month out and so I just want to make I don't I don't think that we should motion to if we want to motion to table I'll entertain that motion I don't think making your rational decisions tonight for what the future could look like without having any kind of dialogue and discussion with the residents or the historical society I think that's a bit of radical but I think we want to table this and have some further you know deep discussion on it in the very near future I'm I'll entertain that. All right thank you sir Mr. Giger do you want to since I offered you earlier just coincidentally you were here thank you. Yeah they bring back a lot of good memories about conversations that you and I have had and so would like to come to y'all's meetings because there's a high level of intelligence here that you'll talk about things and try to work it out at a very high level and I've been here before and I'm going to talk about that. I've been here before and you know some people go to baseball game and football games I go to city council meetings it's kind of a sickness I have but I just want to come up and compliment all of you as a group and and the citizens as well because a lot of good comments have been made I think you bring up a very good point Simone but Linda you do as well and I think there's a solution I think the solution is something we've talked about and it's called an architectural code. There's certain materials and certain forms that should be accepted in that part of town and it's forms that have been here forever for as long as young'sville has has been a community we try to do that when we did the buildings across the street where the MTS building is now. It's it's it's done in other communities and as someone in the audience pointed out it's what gets done like in Chogo Mil Pond they have a set of regulations there certain materials you can use there there certain sizes that you can use there. Downtown deserves that same thing so that when developers come they know what the rules are and they can do an assessment okay we can do this and we can make money and we can improve this community because I agree with you an empty lot in downtown young'sville does not help the neighborhood you know so there's there's both ways you what you want to avoid is what you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is buildings that things that do you want to avoid es buildings that don't fit It is buildings that that aren't compatible with the buildings that are there now and I give you two extremes you know you can go with that were used on the rendering or the, or materials are probably in Young'sville, downtown Young'sville now, citing the forms, the slow proofs. Well, I'm talking about low-in housing, but at the other extreme, picture, big mansions like you might imagine seeing in Greengrass subdivision in Lafayette. That doesn't fit there either, okay? So there's the rules need to be established, and we call it an architectural code, and it would be something that would come from the community, with input from the community. But one thing I always like to say about downtowns is downtowns are where people have paid taxes for the longest amount of time. They're the original taxpayers in Young'sville. They deserve the same quality of life as Shogameo Pond, or any of the other nice due developments that are happening. The difference is with a Shogameo Pond, you have one or two people making those decisions at a very high level, whereas when you deal with a neighborhood like an established neighborhood, like downtown Young'sville, you've got multiple property owners, and is sometimes difficult to find consensus within all of them, because what I might like, he may not like, but what he likes may be better than what I like. So you have to find a way to find consensus a committee like the historical committee would be a good group to start with. But when Ken and I, when Mayor Ritter and I spoke about the performance of the land use ordinance 10, 12 years ago, as he mentioned earlier, we recognize that land use ordinance is sometimes, they tell people what you can't do with your property, and therefore they're not popular. So what I call it is you take baby steps. You do a little bit at a time. You take the baby step, you let it get established, you let people see how it works and get comfortable with it, then you take another baby step. I think you're at that point where you could take that next baby step and you should take that next baby step for the Royalville District. We actually had an ordinance that we worked on that got introduced right before COVID. And then COVID distracted all of us and it's never been brought back up. So maybe we need to have that conversation again, but I would say that possibly the solution to both of your concerns is to get a good architectural code established for that area. Well, thank you, Mr. Len, you always bring, I think a lot of wisdom. And I do recall that particular, that ordinance we introduced and then it, there was something I think the timing just wasn't right because we were really trying to balance. Of course, we didn't have the development interest in that area and we were trying to get it ready for development without really saying what you can do with your property yet. But I mean, clearly I think that we're there now. You know, when you talked about other neighborhood that you see, the neighborhood I grew up in, or that I think where my grandparents lived, my father still lives, my grandparents live, it's in Metery and where my grandparents lived, you know, these houses are being torn down and it's like these little mick mansions are popping up. You know, because old Metery's too expensive, you know, so this area where I grew up, now they're the entire lots, the entire lots built to story. And then if like, you know, we're my, next to where my grandparents lived, it's still the other house and maybe that's okay, but I think we can't establish that probably until we get, I'm glad to hear this interest in the community because what a great, what a great opportunity that we have, yes sir. You reminded me, and I promise to sit down after this, one more comment. But one of the things when we first brought this performance land use ordinance to the community, one of the things I really believe that it helps, that this explanation helps to understand how the performance land use ordinance works. And it's because the land use ordinance is based on two principles. One is that this is America and you should be able to do with your land what you want. It's a freedom thing. But it also has to do with the great Christian principle about do on to others as you would have them do onto you. In other words, don't devalue some your neighbor's property by doing a McMansion next to a three bedroom house, like the one I live in. Okay, don't do that because by doing that, you're devaluing your neighbor. You're making him feel inferior to you. So keep those two principles in mind. The American principle about freedom, the Christian principle about treating your neighbor as you would like to be treated. Thank you, sir. Any other public comment? Yes, sir, please. Steve, Mark, I've just had a couple questions. If you have a, what is it? Only two foot difference in one of the variances. Could you find your reasoning for that? From 25 to 33. Yeah, the 25 foot versus 23. Is it because... Well, the ordinance allows you to do 25. You can go down to 23 if it's compensated with points. But was it your intention just because the model that you saw, that you were trying to mimic, was offered in a 23 foot. The plans you saw were at 23 feet. That was my understanding of it. Well, we also considered the one that was already on Avenue A, and after the plan was drawn, we actually have 25 more. So for your Jane Street, without really need that. Don't need that one. Gotcha. It's going to fit. And that's for the first three. And we don't want to do the three units. I see. And it was 10.1. I suppose, too. I gotcha. OK. So it's a very small number. Yeah, the question. Yes. If you have a variance, are you setting a precedent? Well, I think that's a great question. That's something that I think the council has to ask themselves every time they decide to consider. I think that the circumstances on each one, I think they have to make that decision. And what's, you know, I mean, if, let me say this, I think that if there was a greater consensus tonight, yeah, this meets what our intention of the ordinance was. I think then, a variance may be like, oh, do we, you know, is 10.1. Would we allow that? I think that that would be something that would probably be notable for discussion. Well, council, I mean, yeah, what do I want to do? OK. Mr. Bulls, John. I'd like to make a motion to be a table. Then I have heard the discussion about the outlining possibly an architectural code or a downtown or stoker district as far as what we'd like to see built, with what materials before we try to botch an ordinance and say something that we keep trying to give our answers on. Yes, ma'am. Mr. Shumpin. My question is really for Wade. And I don't disagree with the table, but Wade, should we motion to table or motion to deny? I would motion to table. To table. I think Mr. Bulls, John, those motion was to table it. That motion will need a second, and then you can vote on it. If it doesn't get a second, then the motion dies for lack of a second. So does that mean that it cannot come back? No, I think you can. If you table it, it can be brought back up. But if we deny, it cannot. Correct. I have an alternate substitute motion to deny. OK. Ms. Barra's. I'll second it. Second to the denying. OK. Let me just make a comment. I mean, what I would like to see is I hear the community is ready to have a conversation about it. So I would like some of you to volunteer yourselves or that I would ask it perhaps the historic society, I think Mr. Gidry ordinances are products of the council. So I would like for you all to, because I need some direction on how to demonstrate the planning of this, you know, of the planning. So I agree that it needs some. We need to look at it. Me too. OK. I'm a historical society. So Mr. Bulljab, I think we're agreeing with two different terms. I'm not saying table it in the sense of bringing it back next month in a prove it. I'm saying table it is in. I feel like when we, when we, when we are motion to deny, it just dies. And this is why we're back here today with the same instance. So I want to make sure that when we are motioning to deny it, that there's actual dialogue and people are going to invest their time into it because what happens is it doesn't happen. It's the same rhetoric. So I think we're agreeing, but your motion to deny is in like kicking to the curb. And I'm motion to, I want to table and have discussion in dialogue. So I guess for the same thing, I guess you just, I want to make sure that we're clear on that. My concern was that it could come back. When you motion to table, that was my understanding. It can be brought back. I'm motioning to deny because I don't want this type of development to come back to us and waste their time. I'm not going to waste their time either. So I mean, I had mentioned earlier, if y'all would like a motion to deny and also set a moratorium on any new multi-family developments in the historic district, that could be the motion until we do some type of committee and architectural design to see what the downtown area should look like. Therefore, if anyone comes in and buys property in that area, there will be a moratorium. It will not come to this committee because a moratorium would stop that, right? Right. That is great. So my motion, I guess, I should change that. But then what are you putting in place? So you're putting a moratorium, but then they're going to go, then what can I build there? And you're going to go, I don't know. That's why I was saying table. No, I'm saying no more multi-family. Correct. And then they're going to go, so what can I build there? A single family home. Or what? I mean, that's why I want to dialogue. I mean, we have four to five residents here tonight, but there's obviously a plunder out there. I don't want to hear them all. I think that they all have valid points. And I agree with them all hardly. But what does that look like? Like this is, we're literally doing the same thing with done immediately in this prior. So I don't think they're just throwing a moratorium solves in the bill. Well, I'm trying to solve your concerns more than anything. Although it sounds like we just, I mean, moratorium just solves their concerns and what you want. But what we envision may be different. And I'm agreeing with everyone, but I'm simply saying that there's far more dialogue and conversation into that one topic than just a moratorium. Oh, I completely agree. It needs more conversation. I said that earlier. And I just want to say what I'm saying is it could shy away future developers that may, what if they decide that he wants to build a beautiful home there? But tonight, he may be like, I don't even want to deal with this anymore. He just backs off completely. Then he goes back to being an empty lot for the next 10 years. I'm just saying that's why I'm suggesting dialogue. It's a much more inviting term than saying, deny moratorium like that's it. If I may, I just, I think just for benefit of everyone, neither of the lots in question tonight, would you be able to put a mobile home on either, just so you know how our current code of ordinance reads? We may all have different opinions about it. And perhaps I think the outcome of probably having a committee to review it would probably be to tighten those restrictions of that area. What could you say? It may be that it's just a single family, single family, you know, homes only. That may not be the outcome. I don't think we need to determine what the outcome is. I think if we, if you want to have a committee, let's have a committee but not predetermined the outcome. That's my concern if we just deny it. Because the way he's modifying his request, he's not asking for any variance on it. So, so it means. Can I make another comment now? Yes, ma'am. There was another question I didn't ask. And I think our engineers here, but I don't know have y'all taken into consideration on your drainage components on this, because you need to have it engineered. So, in my opinion, that's just me. I'm not a developer. I'm not a contractor. I've seen things happen in this city. But after you look at your points and your drainage analysis, you probably won't be able to put four on that lot anyway that you're considering putting on that lot. So, drainage is another concern. When you come, you have to have that full plan. So, not only drainage, but and I'll go back to the traffic. Back at Mr. Wilson's old house, is that apartment that's coming up right there? It's townhomes. Townhomes? How many? Do you remember? I understand, I believe. It's in our town. Ilizy Levin. I absolutely. So, that's going to add to the factor of traffic. So, my motion still stands. I do think we need more discussion. Mr. Ballgian, I do agree with you on that. I think it's all in the language. I do not want to see a multi-family development. Come back downtown until we put something in place in the conversation. Ms. Barriz and I has offered to help. I'm sure Mr. Gidry would offer to come in. Our residents are offering to come in and help and the Historical Committee. Okay. I think you all are agreeing on the same thing. Just want to point that out. I think everybody, I try to point it out. Except table, you know, there are some times in the law. One word means a great deal of difference. You have the word shall and the word may in the law. May means you could come back and try it, because that's possible. Shall means do not come back. That's why I asked our attorney the wording on table and denial. Because table means we may be given someone false hope. Denial means denied. And it also gives direction to our administration or anyone doing permitting, because I would be concerned that they would come to permitting and that word, if they would come with their plans for permit, that one word would have us caught up in a legal, in a legal tangle. So that's why I said motion to deny. Not table. I'll give my last call. Last word, that's all. I don't, I have Rude you. I do not want to see a multi-family development here. The reason I said table is because I didn't want to have to come, keep coming back so you could have just put a temporary, a temporary hold on development in the downtown district until you came up with the verb that you wanted to see, versus putting on more torium and then come back and changing on what you would like to see. So that's what I was saying. But I think we're clashing heads on the same topic that we agree. But somehow the script keeps getting sensationalized as if I'm wanting it here. But I don't. I'm just simply saying that let's do it right the first time and stop going there and coming back and changing the verb. It's because that's what we do with every ordinance. We change it to fit someone's narrative. Someone who comes in, they don't like it. You change it again. I think Miss Rae mentioned that in her speech. I was just wanting to get it done the right time the first time versus us making full circle. So all the motion has been second and we can vote. That's all. Any other comment? Yes, Miss Creep. Since they're both agreeing on no multi-family homes, can we come back to yelling see what you all consider single family home on that laws that are trying to build the town homes? Or would be not the good investment that you all wanted? Well, as a developer, there's always considerations for other types of investment. Properties are adventures. If the council says deny, we have to accept that. So we have to look at other alternatives to help first beautify the area. And not take away from it, but add to it. And so that'd be a discussion between my partner and I. I can't say for a certainty what the alternative is tonight. Something we have to table. OK, thank you. Is there any other comment? OK, there's I guess there's two motions on the floor. One is to deny. And then the second one is to table. The first vote was for the first motion was made to table. The second one was to deny. Yeah. So we vote on the deny first. Deny first. Yes, the motion was made for denial first. No. Table first. And that did not receive a second. That's right. So that motion dies for lack of a second. OK, so then miss shop I made a motion to deny. And so that received a second. So you're voting on miss shop lines motion. Are we also implementing a moratorium? Or a toy? What about the moratorium? So the motion is to deny and invoke a moratorium. Yes, the multi-family home. And in what area just because the permitting office has other throughout the city? That's why I said with the moratorium we would have to define an area. Now maybe Mr. Lynn Gidry should we list it as Roivill? I would have to ask how that would be defined. So there's the my opinion there's parts of Roivill that could certainly accept commercial activity and possibly multifamily. So I wouldn't initially at least not, I think the Roivill district may need to be divided if this study happens. So no, I wouldn't use Roivill as the moratorium just now. I think as you mentioned or someone mentioned that needs to be defined within the Roivill district. We'll have to get a geographical boundary established for that purpose. So it may just be beneficial, Michelle, I have to remove the moratorium aspect of it till you or till the committee, till the council defines Roivill. OK, but I'm fine with that. Yes, Ms. Barrias, you had the second. Are you OK with that? Yes, I'm fine with that. Ms. Gidry, do you have it? OK, call for the vote. Everybody know what you're voting on? You're voting to deny the variant. And are we just doing this for 100 Eugene or are we taking both of them now? I'd like to take both of them. Yeah. OK, so we're doing 5.3 to deny both. Ms. Gidry. Motion passes. For the public, sincerely appreciate your feedback. Hopefully I can build a consensus with the council and provide some next steps for what that entails. Excited to hear the interest in having that discussion. I think I would like Mr. Gidry to be part of it. But I'll give us maybe about a week to regroup. I sound like we have some volunteers, so we'll set up a next, what's next, so we can continue to hear your input. Yes, ma'am. And may I also point out that it's not just that the scope of society that we have other than the current suggestion, do you agree? Completely agree. With that, you all go right in all the counties with Eugene and Gidry. Yes, ma'am. Completely agree with you. All right. And gentlemen, I know you have one of the properties already, so we'll certainly work with you in the parameters that the council is providing for us to do. So I'd ask that you stay engaged to your landowner in this area, so I would ask that maybe you try to contribute and be part of it as well. All right. Thank you so much. All right, agenda item 5.4. Mr. Cole, reason is requesting a variance to allow a five foot reduction. And the rear setback for the installation of a swimming pool located at 101 Grimund Road. And this is in the Fair Haven development. Is Ms. Reason here this evening? Hi, Ms. Reason. Do you want to come up, please? And I think I understand probably a little bit to where I can maybe set the context for our colleagues on the council. Council, as you know, setbacks. A normal neighborhood, five on the sides, 20 feet in the front, 10 feet in the rear. It's at your directive by ordinance that permanent structures defined within the ordinance. In this example, permanent structure is defined as a swimming pool. And that also includes the decking. I was impressed, Ms. Reason knows our rules. She has, she's fully aware of them all. I think the disconnect or the confusion simply came in here with regard to Fair Haven. Is it a development within our community that has varied setbacks on the front? Your recall, we did, instead of the blanket, 20 foot across the front, where everything looks the same down the street. This was one neighborhood that, in working with the developer, we did varied setbacks. So the setbacks range from 23 to 27. There's four different setbacks in this neighborhood that are indicated on the plot of the neighborhood. Ms. Reason thought she was buying a home that had the 20, or the shortest setback in the front, because that's the plot actually allowed for it. So she followed the rules, the plot allowed for it. The, what you have in front of you is a copy of this particular sheet is basically just from the builder. I guess how they're gonna outlie the lot. And you see when you look at the front, there was 20 feet, no, I'm sorry, the front on this one, if you look at the right, right above the DSOD home, you'll see 25 feet, 10 inches, 3 1 1, the developer, or the builder set this property back 25 feet, although the lot allowed them to be closer. And I'm sorry, I don't have the plot in front of me. I know you provided it. I think it allowed it to be 20, or it's been 20? Yeah, this a lot, allowed it for 20. That's what she thought she was buying. The builder set it at 25. Therefore, it shrunk the backyard smaller. And what you see on the back here is a proposed pool and spa that has the five foot set back on the rear, which is gonna be not in compliance with your ordinance. This reason that I botched it or? No, gritty, spot on. Okay. We picked the lot, we picked the house. We made sure the house fit on the lot. We made sure that the 20 foot set back. We planned the pool based on all of that. We didn't find out that it was 25 and 10 and 3 quarters until after we saw in contract and after it was framed. Yeah. And then at that point, too late. Mr. Bulljana. So I guess when we all sat down and did the original plans of the 20 feet, by the time you came back, they had formed a slab at the 25 foot work. Yes. Okay. That makes sense. Miss Shambai. Mayor, we also have a pool ordinance. What do you know right off hand? I can't remember what it was the pools. Yeah, pools are allowed, provided that they're within the setbacks. So in a normal lot that rear setback is 10 feet. So they only, I say a normal lot, the exception would be if the property butts up to the neighborhood's retention pond. It allows it to encroach that rear setback further. So the ordinance for swimming pools wouldn't allow it because it's seeking 10 feet in the back. The idea behind it for the public's knowledge was neighborhoods are designed to have so much impervious area. So if the entire neighborhood, this is one lot within a neighborhood. If the entire neighborhood decides to concrete from property corner to property corner, then there's not enough absorption in that development. It's not designed for that. A neighborhood like Sugarmote Pond, because the setbacks are tighter and it's closer and how do they fit so much stuff in there? Well, the drainage design is maybe a little, should be more rigorous to allow for that. And your ordinance on this council came from the, from after the flood, trying to mitigate, trying to reduce flood risk. And there was, before pools were permitted, you had a wide plethora of slabs that are going all the way to property lines, pools that are encroaching the back 10 feet. We know from pool contractors that it seems to be pretty commonplace in other jurisdictions to allow pools into the setbacks. That was the intention of your ordinance. I'm just setting the, setting the tone for you to know. I think the, the resident here built this home to be her home forever. I think she followed the rules. She provided us, me with a copy of the plan to remind me that this lot allowed that house to be up at 20. I still don't know why the builder put it at 25. It doesn't matter. It's already there now. So, but that's that I answer your question. Yes, sir. Thank you. The apron, I'm trying to read this, the apron on that outside that back wall. Yeah. How wide is that apron? Is it apron 1.1 1 1 1 and a half feet? How wide is the apron? We're helping. Because is this actually showing the apron? Yeah. One and a half feet is the, that's the apron, or both sides all the way around on the back seat. Basically the coping. Yeah, the coping's 1.6. And what are you putting on the backside of that apron toward the fence in those five feet? It can be rough, it can be papers, it can be grass. I mean, nothing, nothing permanent. Do you have any neighbors behind you? Is there a home behind you? It's a corner lot and there are neighbors behind for the property drains onto the street. The drains towards Alphopin. Yeah. Where do the corner lot is going to drain towards Alphopin? Away from everyone. Or at least our neighbor. Okay, Mayor, thank you. The, Linda's asking about, about precedent on this. I mean, in Sugarmobon, I think is that's what is questions, but specifically, your ordinance does allow the pool to encroach more of the setback onto like, get into like two feet of that setback. So you can go into that back five feet, but only into I think two or three feet of it. I'm sorry, I'd Garrett and Kayla would know it like that. In Sugarmobon, it allows you to encroach it, but Sugarmobon is a traditional neighborhood development. So it's governed by a whole set of ordinances and setbacks, then we have in our other subdivisions, am I right? Am I correct? Sure. We can, we do not allow anyone after that, if it comes within two feet, they cannot put any type of anything to the property line at all because the lots are so close, so tight. This is not as tight. However, but Sugarmobon is not a good example of that because it is a traditional neighborhood and it's governed by a whole different set of ordinances and setbacks. So, you know, my concern is drainage. The city has spent a lot of money on drainage and I know Mr. Volgiano brought up the really great point in the last discussion about if we set a precedent. You know, if we do this in tonight and agree, what's gonna happen next month, if someone else comes, it has a pool that wants to encroach the setbacks. So that's something that we have to consider and desire. I'm sure it's a beautiful pool and a beautiful home. Simone, I was referring to that to a single, it was one pool that we had did. I think this was the floor. I think it was my first turn, but I guess that was obviously before Simone. It was a house on the on-palfrey, but we had the same essence where it encroached the city's easement and sidewalk and I'm pretty sure it got, one that I got approved was the pool's there, but I was asking about that, how that exact situation laid out, is that I couldn't recall? Not talking about Sugarmobon as a whole, just that one specific instance. So what would we take them out of the situation? What would we do in the sense that, if they've subcontracted, but the lot was built to be at 20, who do we hold at fault? The homes built or it's framed, I mean, I'll have it moved in yet, correct? We have not moved in. But yeah, how would you? I guess my question then would be the pool company when they came to get the permit. Was that permit acquired prior to them starting? Because the pool company should have known I've been told when they came in. They did, there's no permit issued on the pool. It was caught by permitting and hence the reason for the variance. So there's nothing there right now? No, man. But I guess I just want to, you know, I just want to share that. These things don't just fall at the sky and land on your, you know, land here. I mean, they've been vetted, we've looked at it. I think it was a, you know, I'm all concerned about precedent too, but I'm also concerned about a resident that's made an investment for this to be there. They're home, they've made a decision to be here. You have the most stringent drainage requirements, throughout Acadiana, Louisiana, you know, probably even greater. One home, five feet of a difference on a 30 foot wide pool is, I don't believe going to create a drainage issue. You know, that's just, that's my opinion about it. What I, because also if the intention here, you may say like, oh, somebody, somewhere there was a disconnect with the developer, what I know about this particular development is that we have a developer. It's hard for me to fault him because we, he met us where we were at that time. We said, we don't want this to be a neighborhood just another three bedroom, two bath, 20 foot setbacks with nothing but cars in the front yard. So when we met with that developer, I said, how can we, like, I'm giving you the opportunity to solve it, this is what I don't like, this is what we don't like. And I said, I'm, I think we need to start looking at pushing garages back 25 feet. He came to me and said, I'll tell you what, why don't you let me do this neighborhood with varied setbacks? Because in doing that, and then let's regroup about it, because when you drive down the streets of Fairhaven today, each home is a little different. The garages are J-cherns and to break the monotony of it, he said, I'm a planet tree in every front yard. So that's what you have today. So I think it was well-intended. You know, I don't know where, I don't know what happened. I haven't been involved in all the conversations, you know, to know, Ms. Jean-Pine. Yes, sir. So based on the fact that with the setbacks, the corner lot, the setbacks being a variance, your recommendation is because of those that this one should be okay. As long as they don't go all the way, don't put anything else towards the fence to join on. Yes, ma'am, I'm sorry to interrupt you. I'm comfortable with it. I mean, look, I have, I've, you know, I've lived the drainage of, I've led with the drainage. I mean, we've been in this together. I don't think that we need to, you know, crumble our, you know, stance. I think that we've been a leader in the drainage mitigation front. I think that we continue, you know, to be. But I can tell you that there's, that there's homes that have things, I mean, you know, one within your neighborhood, that's actually got cut back. Yes, and they had to cut it back. They did, they did. But I mean, we've, there's a lot that we don't see. I think here everything was planned correctly. It was, I think it was well intended. That's, that's my feeling on it. That's my recommendation. Thank you. Mr. Voljana, I'm like a motion to approve for the five foot reduction. This is great. Second. All right, I have a motion. The second, is there any council comment? Any other public comment? I'm am you're welcome to. You're good? I'm good. Okay. All right. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor. Motion to approve. Welcome. I'll have a Kaelin permitting. Give it to you guys tomorrow. Great. Give you so much. Sure thing. Thank you. Congratulations on the new house. Thank you. All right. Resolution 6.1, resolution 2024, resolution 209, a resolution to adopt the 2023, 2024 Municipal Water Pollution Prevention Plan. For the Young's Law Waste Water Treatment Facility, LPDES, Permit Number LA, 0055, 328. Okay, a motion by Mr. Voljano, and a second by Ms. Barres. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Ms. Barres? Any question? No, you just. Okay. Sorry, I hit something. No. Maybe it's me. All right. Miss Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. 6.2, resolution 2024, 10, a resolution endorsed and in supporting Louisiana Economic Development's LEDs, Louisiana Development Rady Community's Program. Council, this has been an initiative of our administration, specifically Haley, since she's joined our team. She's now our liaison with the Lafayette Economic Development Authority. And Haley, do you want to make any comment about it or? It's pretty much. I mean, the resolution pretty much speaks for itself. So if you've read it, I mean, it basically is giving us an opportunity to work with Louisiana Economic Development to be a development ready community. What that means is they're basically going to take a look at our master plan. We're going to update it, see what's next since we've completed so much of ours. It also will open up an opportunity for more grant funding. As of right now, in Lafayette Parish, the city in Parish of Lafayette are already development ready, as is the city of Brusard, city of Scott, and city of Karen Crow. So they are able to receive grant money that we are not privy to because we are not development ready. But this really gives an opportunity to show that we are open for business and that we are ready to have that commercial development come here. Thank you, Haley. All right. Motion by Ms. Creed, second by Mr. Bull, John Hill. Any other comment or question? All right, Ms. Kidri, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. 6.3, resolution. Excuse me. 6.3, resolution 2024, 11, a resolution of the city of Yongezov authorizing the mayor to negotiate and accept the donation of a movable property, a 6.82 acre lot from DLM holdings of Wyoming LLC. OK, motion by Councilmember Bull, John Hill. And a second by Councilman Barraz. Is there any council discussion? What was the year landed issue for? Yeah, so this is for the Longland A Ridge Estates development, which is where we're reviewing their final plat today. And this is the development that's a guillot road in Shim and Agriab. That developer has been great to work with for us. He knows that when I initially met with him, he knew that he wanted to be asking what the needs of the community were. And this was prior to us having the expansion of the sports complex and some other drainage projects that have since been turned into a parks. But I told him, I said, we really could use green space, which I think we've since taken care of. And then secondly, I told him that we could really use property for a future fire station. So the intention would be that this would be the property that would house one day fire station three for the city of Yonge'sville. We still have a long road to get to, to get that designed and constructed for funding and so forth. But my intention provided at your direction would be to utilize this property to house a future fire station at some point in the future. When we look at our 30-year population build out, it's no secret that a lot of our growth is happening in the south of our city. And this was a prime location at Shim and Agriab. It's really near Longline. So Longline and Guillot Road is really where the property is. But it would border the new development known as Longline-A region states. Ms. Barrett. Are you saying, OK, my apologies for motion a second. And then Ms. Shampon, Joe, a question. Yes, sir. I see where it says negotiate and accept the donation. Is there any further negotiations that have come? No, ma'am. The negotiation, I'm glad you asked. The negotiation is really done with your permission. What I've had some high level discussion with preliminary, of course, based on your direction tonight, would be to waive the equivalent of about 13,000 of plating fees for the property. On the development these in right now? Yes, ma'am. The Longline development. Correct. We've not recorded that final plait. That final plait will require plating fees prior to the recordation of it. And so my proposal to him would be in acceptance of the 6.82 acre lot that we would waive the 13,000 dollars in permitting fees that would be required. OK, thank you, ma'am. Is there any other council comment? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry. All in favor? Motion approved. Thank you, 7.1, ordinances for final adoption. Ordinance 489, 2024. In ordinance of the City of Youngso, Louisiana, amending chapter 24 utilities of the code of ordinances, establishing the requirements for permitting directional boring operations. The motion by Ms. Champagne. And a second by Mr. Bull, John, is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? OK, seeing no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on final adoption. All in favor? Motion approved. Thank you, 7.2, ordinance 357.2, 2024. In ordinance amending ordinance number 357.1, 2013. Performance land use regulations within the city limits of the city of Youngso, Louisiana. Motion by Mr. Bull, John, and a second by Councilman Champagne. Sir, any council comments or discussion? Disquincidentally, this is the performance land use ordinance that we were referencing earlier that will likely be subject to further changes specifically to the heart of our city. With this particular ordinance does, it's just reclassifying a couple of existing roads moving them into the major arterial definition of our code of ordinances, which is we're going to require that they be the frontage, the 200-foot depth be used for commercial properties. And it's also assigning a land use classification for the property around the fortune-road extension that's under construction today. So all right, Ms. Kiddry, please call the vote. Oh, and favor motion approved. 8.1 is two. Let's see, two ordinances for introductions. And I 8.1 is budget amendment ordinance 490, 2024. In ordinance amending the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Youngso, Louisiana for the fiscal year 2023-2024. Motion by Mr. Bolgiano. Second by Councilman Creed. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Ms. Kiddry, please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. 8.2, but I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. 8.2 budget ordinance 491, 2024. In ordinance adopting the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Youngso, Louisiana for the fiscal year 2024-2025. Motion by Ms. Barraz. Second by Ms. Champagne. Any council comment? Any public comment? We have scheduled our budget meeting for two weeks from 10.8, that's going to be on the 27th of June. Ms. Kiddry, please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. Okay, a pamphlet I'd like to go first and then Susan. All right, I'm good. Okay, so we have the 2024 roadway improvement project that's out for, that's be it advertised for bid. We'll take bids on June 26th, the day before the meeting. So we've already had quite a bit of interest in it. So we're hoping for some good bids. Fortune road, I'm sure you guys have seen the Fortune road extension in the roundabout that the contractor has been working to get the drainage done, getting the drainage done first. He's already prepped the sub base for the road and already dug out the detention pond. So his next things or his outfall and his the drainage all the way up to highway 89. So on highway 89, they will in the next week or two, you'll start seeing them starting to build the detour road along highway 89 and that's after they get that build, that'll just be so that they can shift traffic so that they can put in the drainage that's gonna be needed from one side to the other. So you'll start to see more work going on on highway 89 in the upcoming weeks as well as Fortune road. And you'll start to see that as they put more and more drainage, you're seeing the dirt piles gonna go down. That's out there, that's for backfillin of the drainage. Larivia Road, we submitted 95% final plans. We already received some of the comments back and have addressed those and remaining waiting on the remainder. The mayor and I saw, I think they have a December 7th bid date for that project, DUTD has. So I'm gonna make the assumption with DUTD, we'll be under construction at this time next year for South La Riviera Road widening project. Highway 92 and Prescott working on the design survey was completed working on the design. Shima Agriawe've given some modified alignments. I think we're just working with the property owners to see which would be best before we start doing any significant survey or design. Anzalim Kuhli, regional detention pond. We are finished the drainage study and almost finished the environmental. We just have to do an archeological dig and finishing up the plans for that project. Any questions for Pam? All right, thanks, Pam. Susan. So we are wrapping up the design of the wastewater treatment plant upgrade. When the rate studies done, we'll be ready to go. Did you get the final report on that? So we're reviewing it now. Okay. I'm going to share it with you. The cooler Catherine, if you weren't copied on it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Great. For pump station four, that is being advertised for beds at Bids July 9th. For the water treatment plan, of course, we got those four beds. We're asking for more money from the water sector. Water sector committing is June 20th. So we'll be attending that and asking for that money. The elevated tank and the water line interconnections, those are dependent on what happens with the water sector committee. And then for the Sugar Mill Pond upgrade, we're working through the route with tragic homes, who's working for Jordan Dagle. We're arning that out and then we'll start laying that out. What's not listed is the pump station three upgrade that we're working on. We put the force main in for the streetscape project. Now we're ready to bid the pumps. So we're finishing that and we'll be ready to bid by next month. Okay. Any questions for Susan? All right. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Chief, anything you'd like to share? Thank you, Mayor. Our department's doing great. Just a little numbers wise. Last month we responded to 783 calls, which our patrol section just really impresses me every day to do a great job. Schools are right now. So we have all of our school resource officers that are hitting the streets as well. So more boots on the ground to help us out on a daily basis in all of our neighborhoods that we have. Also just a reminder, I know I've been put in our social media vacation notification that we have on our website. If you visit our website, any of you guys or family members going out of town notify us your dates, your times, vehicles that are going to be at your residence. And in addition to our own patrols that we do every day, we can key in on those houses and just make sure we keep in you and your family's things safe while you're gone. We're happy to help anyway we can. Again, vacation notifications year round, but obviously it picks up in the summertime. So thank you. Thank you, Chief. Tim. Thanks, Mayor. Sports programming. That supports complex for us right now. The YSC baseball and soccer all-star, all the pre-all-stars are underway. And then all their world series tournaments will begin in July. Spring, the adult sugar beaches, they're currently finished and registered for their next session. So is F&A flag football and so is soccer at this time. We were also officially notified that ComfortUSA, after the Comforts vote, the teams vote that the ComfortUSA beach tournament will come back to Sugar Beach in 2025. Sports for all are special needs. The first practice was this past Monday, so they'll continue to practice and eventually games on Mondays. And then they will be part of our world series tournaments coming up. We're also be part of the Zodaco hoop fest basketball tournament. There's 12 sites around the KDiana and will be one of 12 sites, June 22nd and 23rd. We have another USA Powerlifting event coming to the Rec Center. 2D baseball, the world series will begin June 19th through the 23rd out at the complex. And then we'll also have the Slumberjay corporate event at YSC on June 27th. Great. Any questions for Tim? Teri, anything like you good? All right. Are there any council announcements? Thank you. Good job, Mike. What did July? Celebration? Yeah. So thank you. Great reminder. July 3rd. I don't have all the details in front of me, but I think we're starting our social media campaign this week. So make sure that it gets uploaded. What we're doing is basically a repeat of what we did last year. It's going to be at the Youngsville Sports Complex, same location. We're going to be part of the team's team. Last year, it's going to be at the Youngsville Sports Complex, same location near the soccer fields. The only change this year is that we're going to be changing. Well, two changes, really, that I can think of at the top of my head. Entertainment lineups a little bit different. Of course, just year after year, that change is a little bit. The second thing is we're going to be shooting the fireworks from actually the expansion side of the Youngsville Sports Complex, the chief and Nick at the park. We made a great suggestion that was to utilize more of the soccer parking lot that was closed off last year. That's going to be used entirely for parking. We're going to shoot the fireworks across the street. Since it's still a construction site, it needs to be closed off anyway. But it still have great visibility from really, if it's a clear night, just so you're everywhere in the city, as well as from the Youngsville Sports Complex soccer fields. But it's going to be a great event of family entertainment. The splash park is going to be open until I think until close to dusk that evening. I don't really recall the time, but it'll be open during the day leading up to the event. There's going to be kids activities. We've had an overwhelming interest in pop-up shops for this event. So looking forward to hosting another great event on July 3rd. So thank you for the reminder. Any other council announcements? Any other business before the council? All right. I'll entertain a motion to adjourn if there's one. Motion to adjourn by Ms. Barras, seconded by Councilman Volgiano. Actually, let's do this. Gidry. I always forget we have a computer. Meeting adjourned. Thank you all so much. I have a great evening.