 All right, good evening everyone. We welcome you to Youngsville City Hall, regular meeting of the Youngsville City Council today's Thursday, July 13th. If you'd like to invite our invocation this evening to be led by Pastor Joe Cormier, and then this evening our pledge will be led by Council Member Romero. So thanks again for being here. Pastor Nicene, again. Thank you so much Mayor and Council for inviting me to come and pray. I want to read Psalm 127 just in the first verse it says, unless the Lord builds the house, they labor and vain who build it, unless the Lord guards the city, the watchman stays awake and vain. Let's go to the Lord. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this Council, we thank you for this city, for this opportunity that we have to come together today to build a place. Lord, for our citizens to live, for our children to play, Lord, for our business people to do business. Lord, we thank you for that. But Lord, we dedicate this meeting to you, and because we know that if we just try to build it ourselves, we build and vain. So, Lord, we thank you for this opportunity that we have to just acknowledge you through prayer in this meeting. And we give you thanks for it. And we give you the glory, Lord, for everything that you've done in Young'sville and everything that you're doing in our lives. So we pray just your prosperity upon our city, Lord, peace. And we thank you for that in Jesus' precious name. Amen. Amen. Congratulations. To the supply of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, the individual with liberty and justice for all. All right. Good evening, everyone. Again, we'll go right into the meeting this evening. Minutes, a genitim 2.1 is approval of the meeting minutes for June 8, 2023. So moved. All right. Thank you. Have motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Mr. Lennoux. Is there any comments or questions? Okay. Here are none. Ms. Gaydry, please call for the vote. Mr. Lennoux. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Ms. Schaunplein. Yes. All right. Thanks, Council. Genitim 2.2 approval of minutes June 29, 2023. Motion to approve. Second. All right. With a motion by Mr. Stansberry. Second by Ms. Schaunplein. The administration is asking for a clarification on the recipients for a 3% cost of living increase within the police department. I believe it was stated at the last and our budget meeting that was for the employees of the police department. At least the intent. Okay. There was some internal question with our finance department with regards to there's a 3% cost of living increase that's been provided across everyone in the city, including the chief of police. So that's what we were seeking clarification on. Mayor, due to the circumstances, it was a council's intention unanimously to allow raises for entire staff, excluding the chief of police and he is aware of this. Okay. All right. Ms. Gaydry, we're good. Yes. All right. So we had a motion and a second, any public comment? Any council discussion? Yes, ma'am. Hi, I'm Ms. Nguyen Van Gau. Mayor, council. So in 2.2, so it was 3% cost of living raise for everyone, excluding chief Rikibudro. So I would like clarity of why he was excluded from the 3% cost of living raise. Currently there is a lawsuit pending by his attorney himself. Please, please. Please don't look at me like I'm crazy. No, no, no, no, it's important to make sure I'm getting my thoughts here. Also, we have some other items are our attorney and the attorneys that we hired are looking into as well as close to $25,000 that has been expensed by the chief that we have not come to an arrangement yet. Okay. So he's being excluded the 3% until you'll find your findings or whatever is what you're saying. My intent and with me and chief spoke about this and I've also talked in the call and several council members that we would get together this month have a meeting with the leadership and where because even on the budget there was a lot of things out of why. We're not all on the same page. So at that time we can always open the budget back up. Okay. As of now, this is what the intent was. Okay. Thank you. Is there any other public comment? There would be no public comment. Ms. Giddrich, please call the vote for the approval of the minutes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stain's Berry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thanks. So call 3.1 approval of the finance report May 2023. Move to approve. All right. Thank you, Mr. Stain's Berry. I second. Second. Second. Madam Mr. Romero. Any comments or questions? All right. Council in your packet or on your desk rather this evening is the final sales tax report for the fiscal year that ended June 30th. As you know, we budgeted 6% ahead of last year for sales tax by the 12 months finished at 5.7%. All right. Any public comment? All right. Ms. Giddrich, please call the vote. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stain's Berry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Leneu. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thanks. So call. Other business 4.1. Young's will volunteer fire department board appointment. There is an opening due to resignation for city council member. Mayor motion to approve councilman Simone Champagne for this position. All right. Thank you. Have a motion for Miss Champagne or any other nominations? I'll second that nomination. All right. A second for Miss Champagne from Mrs. Stain's Berry. Any public comment? Any council comment? Yeah. I just want to make it clear. The fire department has been very accommodating. I appreciate that. But due to schedule and the time of the meetings at 4 o'clock on the Wednesday of every month, unable to make it. So after conversation with Miss Champagne, she's graciously accepted to step in during the tenure. All right. Perfect. All right. Ms. Giddrich, please call for the vote for the appointment of Miss Champagne. Mr. Stain's Berry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Leneu. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Simone, we look forward to having you. Oh, thank you. Thank you. I appreciate the opportunity to be able to serve. Absolutely. I'm going to you'll do you'll do a great service. Thank you. All right. A gin item 4.2. Wellman Warehouse LLC is requesting a variance to section 130-5. Section P, which are requirements, restrictions and responses for a self-storage facility located on Griffin Road. I guess just to enlaimance terms for the members of the public and for the council. This facility is on the screen. It's located at Young So Highway in Griffin Road. Our land use ordinance does allow there to be less stringent requirements on Griffin Road. The intention at the time was to allow more commercial development. This particular site was a old pipe yard. So less restrictive commercial development requirements. Things like facade, not necessarily needing to have hard surface parking. Things of that nature. When the owners here acquired the property, we reviewed a similar site plan like this. This has been the intention of the owners, I guess, since they took possession of the property and the business. You see they have it categorized in several different phases there. The green property along Young So Highway is still going to be within the spirit of the ordinance with facade and so forth. You have pictures in your packet of what the developer intends that to look like. That's the top right hand picture. So what they're asking for is permission to do the other phases within the same guidelines that were in place when they acquired the property. So had we not had this council not passed additional requirements for self-storage facilities, this would be in compliance with the existing land use ordinance that's on Griffin Road. So the self-storage additional requirements did not have any areas that were excluded within the city limits. I hope I'm categorizing that correctly. So I think Jacob and Alex might be here if we have any questions for them or if you'd like for them to address. You're welcome to come up if you'd like. Just a question. Yeah. We're very clear. Thanks for having us this evening. Jacob couldn't make it. I'm all a tuber of 5050 owner of Wildman Warehouse. Yes, it was our intention when we acquired the property to develop our being boat storage but behind other developments, such as the development that he just showed on the screen on Young So Highway which we'll comply with all of the and that you guys have put into place. And along Griffin Road as well, there would be more industrial sector type buildings, which Griffin Road is I understand is still zone four, but behind that be storage facility. So, and remain that way. Any questions from Mr. Hoover, Ms. Shampon? I don't have a question for him, but nice to meet you. I do have a question for Klan after. I really like the idea of what you're doing in the frontage. You know, so hopefully that phase will come pretty soon. It really upgrades the area and it makes sense. But I have a question to Clint. The variance, it's not a variance from the commercial development code, right? They still have to apply, well, the drainage component, and all, only because there's always been a big drainage problem, which I'm sure you'll aware of. Yes, so they are exempt from chapter one of seven, being that they're on Griffin Road. But, you know, the chapter 150 for like a stormwater, they will still have to give me, you know, like building plans for our building inspector and that he has to inspect, but also have to have a set of civil plans that'll go through their drainage as well. Because there will be an offset and drainage. He has a lot of limestone here, but he's adding like building plans. So there's an offset in that rate of the flow. So, right. Yes, so variance tonight is only for allowing them to place it here. Okay, awesome. Thank you. Thank you. All right, any other council comments? Any questioning from members of the comment from members of the public? All right, so the request is for a variance to section 135, section P. What's the measure of the council? Motion to approve. All right, thank you. Motion to approve the variance from Ms. Shampaan. Second. Second by Mr. Lennon. Any other comments? Okay, please call the vote for the variance. Ms. Gidry. Ms. Shampa? Yes. Mr. Lennon. Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Staines, very. Yes. I'm sure it's true. All right, Alex. Thank you so much. And we'll continue working with you through Clinton's office to get you set up there. I appreciate the investments, sir. All right, 4.3. Courtney Myers is here this evening to request a variance for the expansion of Gray Siege at Jitsu Young'sville to continue the current facade and allow additional limestone parking to his property on Church Street. If I can speak with the passion you got, so not that Alex didn't have any. You tell your story better than anybody, so. Well, we're growing. And thank you guys for having us. And thank you for everyone that I reached out to responding back and trying to help expedite this. We are growing at a rapid rate. I knew it was coming, so we were kind of forecasting for it. And now we're trying to accommodate parking and the expansion of the building so we can create more mat space to try to relieve the pressure from our waiting list. And the reason why we want to expedite is because if I don't, you know, people have got to in touch with Jitsu through who we are, certified training center, one of only two in the state. So they recognize the name through the pipeline. So if I don't capitalize on the expansion and additional parking, you know, and getting these kids off the waiting list and students off the waiting list, I should say, they'll go somewhere else. So we'd like to keep them right here. And yeah, so, you know, that's where we are. Any, if Ramami again, the size of the building, 21 by the addition, the addition 15 by 60, 15 by 60. We said 21 at first, but after we did some new measurements, we went with 15 out because we kind of changed the design of what we're doing back there for the expansion of the mat. So 15 wide by 60 wide by 15 all. Any questions from Mr. Myers? What is the request of 15 by 60 on the rear of the building? So that would be, if you're going down, I guess, that's the second string. Second. I'm going to school in church, you're running to me right there. Right. Yeah, but if you're going down, I guess, like, second string, second string. Yeah. And Courtney, the building really looks nice. You painted it and added the black trim. It really, it made a big difference. We just did, they just put up our light up LED sign that we were super excited. So I can't wait till it gets dark so we can see it. Sorry. I'm trying to get that going so you guys see us at night also now. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you, Ms. Sean. Let's see. I think it was. Good. Mr. Stan's very second. All right. Any public comment or council questions? All right. Ms. Gidrupp, please call the vote for Mr. Courtney. Good morning. Yes. Mr. Volcano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stan's very. Yes. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. I agreed. I think it looks great. So we keep on the great work. We've got to finish it up. You know, we still got a lot of plans with finished painting and stuff after we do the expansion. I wanted to look better than you guys wanted to look. Trust me. So we're chipping away at it and I appreciate the patients and allow me to do what we do here. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Resolutions 5.1 resolution 2023 20 resolution adopted in the Louisiana compliance questionnaire for audit engagement for the city of Yomzo for the fiscal year June 30 2023. Move to that resolution number 2023-20. Thank you. Motion by Mr. Romero. Second. Second by Mr. Leneut. This is a normal process as we start our audit process for the fiscal year that just ended here. So is there any public comment? I'll count to feedback. All right. Ms. G. Drupes called about Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansbury. Yes. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Mr. Leneut. Motion approved. Right. Ornances for final adoption 6.1 is annexation ordinance 486 2023 in ordinance of the city of Yomzo, Louisiana. I'm ending the official map of the city of Yomzo providing for the annexation of additional land into the corporate limits of the city of Yomzo, Louisiana. Being the track owned by Isaiah and Kayla Myers consisting of .48 acres located in section 8, Township 11, South, Range 5 East, Lafayette Parish, as shown on that map titled map showing property to be annexed into the city of Yomzo, Louisiana at 118 Meadows dry prepared by Kevin Domain PLS stated May 2023. It's one one lot contiguous with our city limits. Motion does that annexation ordinance number 486-283-203? I'll second that. All right. Thank you. Mr. Romero, Ms. Shampai. Any public comment or any council comment? All right. Here you none. Ms. G. Drupes called about. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. And let's see. I don't think the resident was here. But we'll go ahead and continue work with them. I believe they're, I think they just wanted water for it with this. Yeah. So we'll continue that process working with them. All right. We'll move to staff announcements. Pam, you want to go first? That's another record. I'm not usually up here this quick. Okay. First and foremost, we'll be the two detention ponds, of course. We've got to be there. I'm going to have to go first. I'm going to have to go first. I'm going to have to go first. I'm going to have to go first. I'm going to have to go first. I'm going to have to goalar. Yeah. So the support teams are going to be there. We're going to have to go first. We're going to have to qualify for the detention ponds, of course. We are probably. If you go by cost, probably about 75%. Complete, if to 85% complete on the project. What they have one Bailey Grove is just the finish. The completion of Diggin pond three. On Koolie lasau. and then you'll start seeing them doing more of the side slopes and seating and getting to that point of doing a lot of what we call the finishing work. So those are moving right along. Many of them are functioning as we speak. We've sent some videos to the mayor when we've got Wednesday before last 2.4 inches of rain and 40 minutes at one of them. So it hit us and hit us hard and we were able to bring in a lot of water on pond one right there by the sports complex that never even hit Bayley Grove that night because we also had that fall. Plugged at that point so the pond filled up. So of course when they work and you're not quite finished and they got to pump it down they got to let it dry to do it but we have seen a lot of benefit in these rain events with the ponds having their structures working. For we've still not heard anything else from the state yet on the anzlam culli detention pond so that has not moved forward I think we're waiting on something from them to say notice to proceed. We are completing the survey on the Lesco crossing and then we're going to move to the survey along 92 for the sidewalk and the roundabout projects. I'm sure you've seen we've cleared our trees and sure 89 looks a little bit different from everybody since the last meeting and you've seen the stakes go up where the lane lines are going to be for that first so we've established where we where we want those lanes to go so we went ahead and state them so we can get out there and see how that impacts what's going on between cane and other things. And doing some additional evaluations i'm sure some of y'all can see that channel that's kind of close as you get towards l'Ajada and d'Abel and so we're evaluating whether we feel. pipe that in or not so right now we have received some preliminary numbers on highway 89 but we don't have. The final numbers to do a g and p because we have those couple of outstanding items we're also waiting for the state to tell us when we can realize the capital outlay that was just a proof because that makes a difference in our g and p and we do have our g and p costs which I shared with the mayor. For the fortune fortune road roundabout which was underneath our estimate which was great it was actually. pennies close to the estimate that we had about a year ago but we then thought maybe we had a lot of cost increase but they've done very well they none of the cost increase with records to the project so we're very excited about that and it's within the amount of money. Between your match and what we would be getting. From the state for capital outlay so we're happy that we're within i would call that within budget so the mayor is anxiously awaiting so as soon as we hear from the state we can do that. Or we can do another early work contract and get the contractor to do some of the early work so those are the different. It gives me no pleasure to tell you that I miss the call from facility and control today Nicole and I were leaving a meeting together and of course. I couldn't get them back on the phone. So that is really the missing step to know can we move forward with when can we realize the monies that were just. appropriated in the most recent house bill to. Can we go ahead and recognize it now or do we need a wait for it to go through bond commission I think we think we know the answer but out of an abundance of cost since we're talking about so much. Money we want to make sure that we're getting it right but we have alternative plans. Correct we are waiting for the bonded process. Yes so that's where we are in those projects and on the Rivier we're waiting awaiting comments from d o td they've had our plans for a little while we've given them. Updated traffic counts and so we moved forward and we have our preliminary what they call preliminary final plans we have those ready to be able to submit to them we're just waiting for them to say that they're okay with our typical section because they have the geotech and all that other stuff. So that's unless anybody has any questions I think that covered all the projects that we have. Anything for Pam. Any questions about any of the projects related to Pam scope of work related to the detention pond projects I did proof a save the date card earlier that we hope to get out as early as tomorrow for the day of our next council meetings going to be August 10th we're looking at 11 a.m. We're going to be doing a substantial completion. Yeah so substantial completion ribbon cutting for the ponds because they they should be substantially complete and functioning so you may not have the building and there might be some dress up work but the ponds will be working. So it's a huge step obviously and what we believe is a huge milestone in Louisiana's recovery from the 2016 flood event coincidentally coincides with the seven year anniversary of the of the August 2016 rain event you recall it was a council meeting the night before so seven years later seven ponds that are solely 100% paid for by the federal agencies using hazardous mitigation dollars that's of course and can. You know supplementary to the ones that we've achieved through public private partnerships so right it's definitely a huge milestone and great to see that there are already really providing benefit even though they're not fully operational or working or working good so August 10th it's a Thursday 11 a.m. So location will be to be determined we're just going to see which ones furthest along that will be setting up there so. Yeah and the mayor is aware and I think I may have mentioned it to you guys but for those in the audience of those that are watching there was 137 projects that were allocated funding through the hmgp. Program for disaster 42 77 which was August 2016 floods these are the only two projects of those hundred and 137 projects that are in construction so we'll finish them before they're even going to start any other projects more than likely. Thank you. Some of the other road projects for new shape for we're having a meeting tomorrow new shapeers the design team that's doing the key track around about and then also the veterans round about why need an East Milton corridor so tomorrow morning we're having review review with them just making trying to our best to eliminate utility conflicts that may be within that core. So I can provide the council and update after that getting I'm personally getting very anxious about the tractor round about area and key out in shimmy metery. I would really like to get that one going sooner than sooner than later but I think there's an issue with the communication line that's. You know underground that some of the initial survey may not have picked up entirely so those projects are moving along a lot of design work a lot of coordination with utilities just happening really behind the scenes. With that Sarah. Sarah we sure we don't need Zaba. Okay so for the wastewater treatment plant we are working on the permitting and still awaiting the right study. We've had one of our other systems the right study was finished and like it's moving forward so hopefully this one will be coming soon. So we're also working on the right study and for the new water treatment plant elevated storage tank and water line interconnections. We're finishing the permitting on the water lines and waiting on the right study. Yeah and some fortunate because we have designs for the water plant done we were ready to go it's already got DHH approval we're just waiting on a on a step. Very I do agree it makes sense we wanted the entities that have the money to youngsville very low interest low interest loans and grants they want to ensure rates that they want to ensure that we're charging appropriate rates to our water and sewer customers. And that we have the ability to pay it back seems very reasonable other than we're just waiting for that step to be cleared to and it makes sense because you don't want you don't want all of these limited dollars going to communities that aren't keeping up charge in their users the appropriate rates so we're really just waiting on them to clear that threshold. So I'm going to go ahead and do a little bit of the slow process right now but it seems like it's moving a little bit quicker now that they've like assigned people to do the rate studies and got you started. We at least it's in motion we have somebody a silent and Sarah's firm Domang Zabo is hopefully which is luck we've submitted our pump station three and downtown streetscape project to the Louise Annamy Nitsville Association for our community achievement award. And that will be decided later this month at a conference in Alexandria so hopefully we'll have better hopefully we'll have good news to report on that next month because I hopefully the scoring criteria agrees that it's a great project for for the community. Thanks Sarah. Thanks. Appreciate it. Tim. Thanks. Under under sports programs right now the YSC indoor girls volleyball registration has opened we had about four hundred four hundred eighty girls last year. YSC indoor volleyball camps registration is open we had over 200 girls and those camps last sessions. Delt saltball registration is open we had 71 teams last year. Sugar Beach a double volleyball summer league continues with the hundred sixty teams F&A flag football fall registration is open we had nine hundred and eighty players and that league last fall. The Shetland Pinto boys which are six six on six you and eight you the world series opening ceremonies will be held at you El Russo Park Field next Monday July 19th at nine a.m. Games begin later that day starting at 2 p.m. Our YSC American and national Shetland and Pinto teams will be playing in the world series. There will be 20 teams in each age group for a total of 40 teams from Louisiana, Texas and Florida. The Mustang boys 10 you world series the breakfast banquet will be on Friday July 28th at nine a.m. at the Rec Center for teams and parents. The opening ceremonies will take place later that day on Southern air field at 4.30 p.m. There are eight teams in the tournament international teams include Japan, Ecuador and Mexico. The other teams include our YSC host team and four other teams from across the United States. Our current leadership class will take part in the banquet opening ceremonies and a presentation to them on sports and tourism. The pony boys 14 you zone tournament will be taking place at the same time as the Mustang world series that will be 16 teams from Louisiana, Texas and Florida in that tournament. Under the Rec Center all our pickle ball council and agent and free play continues all the summer basketball camps and tournaments will be coming to an end at the end of this month. Bitty basketball the summer legans tonight. Special events the 4th of July event I think was a great success will begin planning for the this annual event which will ultimately end up at the new expansion area in the amphitheater. We hosted 2d baseball world series with 132 teams this past month. We had our second USA power lift and event at the Rec Center. Southside basketball coach Todd Russ will host his a you basketball tournament next weekend. It will take place at Southside end at YSC. The Northwest and Mutual sour pickle ball tournament which benefits Alex's lemonade stand foundation. American pediatric cancer charity will take place on Saturday August 19th at the Rec Center. And awards ceremony for our YC baseball and softball league champions and runners up was held last Thursday around 250 players received awards nearly 1600 players participated in our largest league today. The splash park has been a huge hit. We're open 7 days a week from 10 a.m. until sundown. We're averaging close to 500 children a week. Some of our biggest days we have over 110 kids and we're starting to get some local daycares that are coming out now with 35 to 60 kids at a time. The Lions Club led by board member Shannon and David Bares and they can channel actually has donated to special needs. Quatic wheelchair for the splash park and will soon announce a designated day in time that the splash park will be available exclusively for special needs children. The geophans are being installed and will be ready for the start of the world series tournament next week. I'm going to let Matt to flip the switch. You just touched on a lot of things at the end there that I was all home. Thank you Tim. I appreciate it. Speaking of the expansion unfortunately DAX could make it tonight. He's having I think his final game. He's a coach on the believe this is I don't know if it's his son or daughter's team. But the water sewer drainage work continues there at the site in your packet. We have 100% plans now for the design package for the only remaining design element is finalizing the 100% plans for the amphitheater stage which we expect to be completed by the end of this week. So you have drainage. The two detention ponds have been dug there. They're just not tied into the outfall gravity drainage. And should have the guarantee maximum price. Terry win. Terry sits in and most of those meetings form you so anything more about that Terry or anything. No, I mean everything's moving great. You know the weather's cooperated enough to get the dirt and all that. They'll pick up on the outflow of the pond nearest the soccer but it's just a water line and needs to be lower in the big deal. So everybody's working together to push it forward to show anything else. Yeah, I got a couple of updates on first the veterans park the favors arrived with blank favors. The gazebo's out there waiting to be stood up and that type deal. The dog park they'll be poured the parking tomorrow. So it's all coming together and you know we'll be ready for at least that. We are working with the Katie and a veterans. I'll let them do their do their thing but we think we'll have something really nice hoping for veterans. When they can start selling the favors. We did reach out to them let them know the size and all that so it should be pretty soon so they're spearheading that. Yeah, you know whatever they need will accommodate. Great question. What we for the public's benefit. Well, we've we've done we've partnered with the Katie and a veterans alliance the AVA to give them a fundraise and opportunity. That's in conjunction with our local BFW 90 post 9 to 10 so there'll be engraver bricks veterans for anyone that's veteran or you know that's the idea but it could be for anything you want really similar to the bricks we have in the front here. So they have all the information they need and think we'll have a great opportunity to raise some funds to benefit. Two great veterans organizations not only our local chapter of the BFW but also the the AVA so it should be some good stuff. I did speak with Andrew. I don't know I know you spoke to him as well. He recently told me he was waiting on a call with Kim at Bricks RS. Oh, because there's some online stuff you have to set up and I don't know I think you still working with Angie. Yeah, it should be soon. Yeah, we think so. So all right. Thank you Terry. Appreciate it. The name for the dog park. I think we settled. Hopefully everybody. I don't know if I've shared it. The park park park at the young so far. So. Yeah, I can say I want to name. So we have some cool logos to go on a nice nice size appropriate monument sign for the front of it. So it should be should be fun. So all right. Thank you. Terry. Appreciate it. Keep. We had a little rash. A car bird agrees that the sports complex. We were able to determine a suspect due to the cameras place around the city. And some other methods of the investigation. And the department has continued to operate. Although morale is low due to all this hanging over the heads. But we were able to solve those. Hopefully if they haven't been the charges haven't been added onto the suspect because they were caught at another location in another parish. We're working together with other agencies. We were able to piece together and get some GPS locations with put them right in our ballpark park and not. So I'm just waiting to get with the other agencies to see when we'll have a joint meeting. I appreciate it. One thing one thing I didn't mention about the road projects. But I just want to put on everybody's FYI that we are working on it. I brought down some preliminary plans not plans conceptual drawings for what a long line a road extension could look like. So we've been we've been vetting different concepts in that area. And Pam and I worked on it this week. This one we really take and exist existing Shim and Agriob. Straight in that awkward curve. We've had long line a ridges states in that around the long line a the farm there are the nursery. So kind of soft in that curve up a little bit and you know rebuild Shim and Agriob to be really just a nice east west corridor on the southern end of our city. So I have those up here for the council review or anybody in the public that's interested in it. Head some just preliminary conversations with the landowners that would be affected over there. And you know thus far they've been great conversations and hopefully we'll be able to move forward with. You know moving those projects ahead so while we're talking a lot about you know projects on the northern side of our city center on young so highway and also East Milton we do we are doing a lot on the southern end as far as design and planning to make sure that. The growth on the southern end southern day time. He got region isn't being left behind and I don't have the numbers with me. But I hope to bring our legislators to council meeting in the future because I'm really proud of their efforts over the last legislative session this was their I don't know if they decided to go into a veto session today or not. But the last regular session of representative bishop and also Senate president Cortez and we did very well with capital outlay so I want to come in their efforts and you know usually this time of the year couple weeks before it's always everyone's on kind of pins and needles by the governor going to veto or not well all of our projects survived and were signed into the house bill too. So excited about that and looking forward to bringing you more numbers about that because that's largely how all these projects are going to be funded you know over the next couple of years is because of you know their efforts and that is coupled with our efforts here communicating what our needs are so. Alright that's all I have Mr. Linny. It's still summertime so I know a lot of people still on vacation and we all know it's very hot just reminder please hydrate and also I know we talk a lot about water safety but skin safety as well number one cancer in this country is skin cancer so please. Keep that in mind whenever you have you and your kids outside of the pool. I think it's still a new school. I didn't ask in the cooler Catherine anything. Our bin is on a medical leave right now he had surgery last week so he's doing great he's home but you know little trial run maybe for his retirement so but he's doing good. I just wanted to when it's just announced why he wasn't here this year so. Mr. Ramirez thank you for Mr. Stan's right I just want to ask Mr. Tim on the splash park concessions how is that working out I'm hearing all these kids out there are we able to get. We doing what at times we're doing mobile you know mobile with the court for drinks mostly but generally soccer is open it's a little bit of a walk. It's soccer is open sometimes when the tournament to go on the weekend you know both confession stands at geo and baseball you know are open also. Okay thank you also I did want to you know just kind of chat a little bit or talk a little bit about that joint meeting. I mean can we have a commitment that we'll have that before the end of the month. With the leadership of the police department I would you're okay be able to make myself available I mean whoever wants to show up. I mean I just think there's some things that we need to clear out to move forward. I'm good with the I'll be happy to share my calendar with social meeting. I mean obviously can't move in to us in the room or though right. Cool sunshine all you right so I want to make sure we're doing this legally so I'm not chest us but be in the same room. We'll do it on up and up I mean we've had infrastructure meetings before remember those I mean you weren't on the times of different now though. Yeah we'll make yeah we'll be able to ask. That's all I have. We're good. Sounds good. I'm your big name. You're good. All right any other business before the council? Motion adjourned. All right thank you motion by Mr. Romero's our second. Well I guess I'll second. All right thank you Mr. Lineman all in favor. All right all right meeting adjourned thank you all so much. Have a great evening.