definitely talk about this. I really appreciate it. I don't know if it's the first one. If we need to change it to city administrative requests just to be more specific, I'm all for that. The second one, the only worry I have is if we start having these discussions with a developer and something comes up during the meeting, we decide to enact something upon that development but then the developer says, well, I'm okay with that but can I get the variant now tweaked this instead? That would be more on the concern, which I'm sure we could tend to overrule that but I'd hate for somebody to come out and say, hey, can't, but the intent of I really like to intend on this. Well, thank you. I understand where you're coming from, but it's still... If someone comes before us and we don't know what that variance is going to do, it does not give in my opinion enough time for Clint or anyone on staff, Ben if it's financial, to research it to give us that opinion for us to make an informed decision at that time. But I agree. I mean, we can maybe wave it or make a motion to go ahead and vote on it. In fact, man, I like the idea of providing a little structure. I think this is something that your discretion could always be expanded during this term. It's a framework of which to work. I mean, we always welcome public comment, but as an example, you see other governing bodies that limit public comment. We've never desired to do that, but perhaps in the future there is a council rule that you decide to do such a process. Well, this would be where you would amend the council policy to make those requests or certain things that you'd like to see from the administration at meetings, whether it be reports from staff or whomever. This could be something that could always be a tool to continue to grow. The variance request, I think that we make every effort to be very accommodating to developers every time that we can. This would enable, would aid Clint and I in being able to set the expectation to developers that are coming up for you for public hearing at times because it is helpful for knowing how much time to schedule for a public hearing. As you saw tonight, we ran over and we don't always get it right because we don't want to limit public comment, but if a developer is trying to design it at the moment, it really encourages us to communicate in advance to say, hey, the council is indicated. Here's our comments. If you're expecting to have any variance outside of these, please submit it so we can disseminate the information accordingly. You of course still have the ultimate discretion on whether or not you want to allow it. I think it's just trying to