the rear if it's whatever the numerics or if it's one of the three in the front maybe just put one of the back of the home. We may not see the sign even if it's there but if at least for an alleyway we can visually see the number on the back and that's that's enough for me at least personally I don't know that the alleyways going to matter. So what's acceptable to me is I'm good with the city reviewing it and you tell me emergency response standpoint what would you like me to do. That's what I'll do. Okay. Yeah we do have a we do have a city ordinance that requires address numbering to be on the front Paris inspections doesn't sure that before they issued the final CEO. I mean that y'all can y'all can think about it before we get to the meeting but I mean one thing is maybe on these because if you anticipate there may be more challenge in the fine as the directional signage and maybe it's the house number on the front and the back I don't know that's up for y'all to discuss. I'll do whatever. Any further council thoughts any public comment final sugarmob on 27. All right thank you Mr. Dagole. All right we'll go ahead and move on to the to the second and. Second. All right 2.2 preliminary plat approval of Rosewalk the revised plating of Rosewalk located section 18t 11s r5 e. Thank you council. Again council you guys are aware of where this property is because it was just recently platted but it's but it's here across the street from fair haven next the cage market needs. What the developers proposed to do is looking at replating this property from a single family residential neighborhood and he would he he is requesting to plat this as a tnd as as sugarmopon is also. So the only hurdle that he's having here for plating this as a tnd council is that there's a part of the ordinance that requires the minimum. The minimum size of the property has to be 50 acres to be determined as a tnd and so. So I think these I think around I think 30 acres of belief yes so. Anyway mayor I I recommend the city of young so approve this plated with the following comments I recommend no waivers to the the revisions included in the ADRC report. So I think that's a total area of detention and as a note detention bonds mail accounts towards 50% of the common of the required common open space if the if the pond is appropriately aerated at a note detailing the area of the commercial lots that the setbacks are to be noted on the plat. A call to sack is required at a lot or 112 a t turnaround is is required at all dead in alleyways for the plat conditions I recommend waivers to condition