back as quickly as we can thank you guys. Yeah. Oh I'll ask you to call on it maybe just for clarification. All right is there a motion to enter back into regular session? A motion to enter back into regular session man. So I got. I thank you Miss Shampine Mr. Lennon. Miss Kijer please call the vote. Miss Shampine yes Mr. Lennon yes Mr. Volgiano yes Mr. Romero yes Mr. Stainter yes motion approved. All right thank you council if you if you allow me to Catherine's given us some you may have passed this to the or is that what the info we have a clarification I think on the or chart. Yes my apology Wade if you would mind just maybe update in the public on these executive session. Councilor Samir you want to do executive session just to discuss the three items on the agenda and to bring the council up to date on the status of each of those pending litigations involving the city of Young'sville. All right thank you sir. All right Catherine did you want to address this or maybe our gave whomever would like to if you'd like. So I spoke with Gary while y'all in session about the clarification on the or the part for the police department. Catherine can you push my word towards you please. Sure thank you. So it looks like the SRO sergeant is temporarily in absence it was back built into a shift sergeant patrol. You gave please correct me I'm saying this wrong so we have one temporary opening there one opening under shift B and the other officer that we originally had as a traffic sergeant is a new position so that yellow became green. So technically there's one new SRO for 2024 for patrol officers and one new traffic sergeant officer requests and all well except for the SRO everything's rollover for last year. That's right. Okay. So that's all supervised and that's not you and what you're looking at that position is actually in the criminal investigation division and that's SRO falls under that division. Okay and then the this should be officer would be a new no that just oh it's a position already there that's there just yeah just got you and that went to arpin okay so yeah is that what I'm seeing we're only seeing one open position at this time that's correct with short on one shift on shift B okay so you're only going to fill one position wait I'm not following yes just on time right we don't have one according to New York chart there's only one that's correct the current vacant currently by so that's what you're going to fill the one position still not following because I don't want to sit around or respond that emotion in the second earlier was to only fill vacant positions that were already budgeted in the prior year well that would be all three three