number 484-2023. Thank you. Second. Second. Second. Second by Miss Champagne. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment? Mr. Gidry please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stan's Berry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Linneu. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. Council agenda item 3.2. Budget ordinance 485-2023 in ordinance to adopt the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Youngsville, Louisiana for the fiscal year 2023-2023-2023. Motion approved. Motion approved. Budget ordinance number 485-2023 of the exception of two amendments. Increasing the mayor's salary by 10,000 from where it currently stands. And on the increase on the PD's budget, continue to keep the 3% cost of living increases, but putting a freeze on the other additions until we can gather some more information of the next few weeks. Motion approved. Motion. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second by Mr. Stan's Berry. It's open for council discussion. Any call. Could you repeat the second half of that motion just to confirm? I'm sorry. Mayor Saloy by 10, a 3% increase for the patrol officers were for the staff, right? And then we're freezing everything else until we review for the next few weeks and there's another piece of mess. that's it. Could I make an amendment to that to allow the addition of the SRO for ARCA charter school USA? I'm sorry. 70% of that is paid for by charter school USA. That's great. With the motion in a second? Yes. It's fine. It's open for council discussion now, but if I may, let me ask a question. Currently, there's three open positions within the department. So I had to just so we're clear on how you. I think we could fill two of them, but pending the civil service litigation, I'd propose that we hold off on hiring the third sergeant position until that's resolved or decision, I apologize. That comes from recommendation for council. Any other items for council discussion at this time? No, Mayor, I just want to make a mention that I did talk to Chief before the meeting saying that this could be the case. And we have agreed to meet before the end of July. So we can get, you know, kind of total my field of concerns that I've heard from other council members and myself just to seek to understand what's going on and the vehicles and all of that. Okay. Okay. Any other council comments or questions? All right. How about any public comment? Yes, sir. Please deputy chief. If you'd like to come up and address the council, sir. The only important. Good afternoon, council and mayor. The only addition I would like to let you make you aware of the three positions that are vacant right now has nothing to do with the civil service hearing. Those are just three vacancies that were getting in the last year's budget that we just haven't filled yet. So they pending civil service matter has