seeing you continued leadership in the community. So thank you all for being here. All right. Jen, I'm 4.2. This evening Chief Luvierre is going to recognize officer Zachary Smith upon his graduation from the Acadiana Law Enforcement Academy. Did he have to step out? No, he's here. OK, perfect. Yeah, so floor is yours Chief. Thank you. So officers Zachary Smith is our newest officer at the Youngsville Police Department. Not only is it a big accomplishment to become a police officer to get to that level past the initial hiring process, which is stressful as it is. But to finish a 15 week academy completely dealing with the stressors of the PT, the tests that they take every week, the wealth of information that you're absorbing. But then to go a step above, Kenyan Law Enforcement Training Academy has what's called the top cadet award. So the top cadet award is given to one individual that goes through the entire academy that rises above in academics, firearms, and physical fitness. We are lucky to have officer Smith working with us. Not only did he graduate the academy, but he graduated the academy with the top cadet award, which we couldn't be proud of. His demeanor, his position on learning and wanting to accept has been outstanding. So we're lucky to have him and we're happy to have him on board. Officer Smith, congratulations and look forward to having you as I look forward to thank you for being a part of the team. So let us know if we can ever help you with anything. Thank you. A gen item 4.3, our LPSS Superintendent Francis Tuchet is here this evening to provide an update on the Lafayette Parish School System Activity Superintendent. Welcome back, sir. Thank you, Mayor. Council members, members of the public. Again, as promised, I've stated that I would start at the beginning of the year, give you some updates as far as the school system is concerned. In front of you, there is a one-pager, a person that believes to keep it very simple, that we have right now there is a sheet in front of you that says this is the number of students that we have at each of our different schools. The second part of that document is the different projects that are happening at those different schools, whether it be green tea, whether it be south side, which you all have heard that we are funding that field and making sure that the field house, the track, everything that goes with whatever else has in the district is taking place. Also one thing that I really want all of you to be aware of that within the next couple of months, there will be a lot of things in the news. A lot of things that we'll talk about where the school system is going to move toward. That could mean school closures. That could mean consolidation. That could mean