we're getting comments and responding to those so That's going along we hope to be able to bid those soon Streetscape you can see it's wrapping up What they have left to do is start some striping There's still some remaining landscaping They're working on that jock street connection and As far as the lighting I think there are three Lights and three arms that are back ordered Um probably to march or April but we'll go ahead and do um a Fono inspection probably in the next week or two And do a substantial Just wait for those last remaining items. I guess striping to I know the striping Involve for the for the angle parking spots We can look at that. I have to look I have to look at that. I think it is because we also need to stripe off like the Like the parallel spots that are no more. Yeah, it has to be because the striping that's no more and there's some signage Like no parking signage that needs to go up so yeah And where it should be those streetlights should be illuminated any day. Yeah, we finally got our account number three Entrige so where those should be on Those should be on pretty soon Great. Thank you. And I don't know if I've shared but Susan has been successful It's if if I have it's worth saying again Talking about grants and and our success and ability to be able to Push projects through with grant funding Susan's team put together We're able to secure in the last year $5 million in grants for water and $5 million also for sewer Fortunately Because the sky ride sky rocketing costs To build a wastewater treatment facility and then also the new water plant have ballooned as well So no new projects really anticipated with the motherness to cover the overages of the existing cost kind of similar What we did with some of the arpa money on this building and streetscape project So all right Terry Yeah, all right then we'll go Miss rail Just happy new here everybody Um, I see I don't have anything all right. I don't think anyway. Thank you so much Clint Council just one thing um The the ribbon cutting uh The other state would like to do a ribbon cutting on that uh on the sidewalk grant that we did through uh that uh The CRT program of this state uh as we January 19th You can have to knew but um yeah also in talks with them Uh with all the concrete with that sidewalk and the rising cost There was an overage on on that that of course the the city I pay for because our grant was 400,000 but um With my talks with them the state's gonna be given us an extra $25,000 dollars Towards that grant. So I just want to make you guys aware Thank Clint you've had a