Yeah. Okay. So essentially we're going to. Yeah. So essentially we're going to pay the one eighty two. Well which is. I think we can handle scenarios. I mean in the meantime and if given the opportunity I'm going to always I'm going to air on what's. There's a law there's a rule passed. We do have funds in the budget we would that would require a minute later so I'm going to I think I'm unless I'm direct that otherwise I'm proceeding the way it is. If the civil service board decides to take a look and revisit it. I think we would we would sounds like we would welcome some of that and maybe if you if you do before the next agenda maybe it can just be on there as a hey just heads up it's been taken care of or this is what's happened by the three panel. Whether you all come or not to that I mean I think it's just more of an update for us. Okay. If that's happened. Let me let me take the opportunity to ask for any any public comment I think we've heard from the council that wants to speak. Certainly open the floor if there's any other comment. Questions. Yes sir. Thanks for it. Thank you. How you doing Mr. Lemberton. Sorry. Hurry up. I'll be brief I'm not as familiar with civil service law because my background is going out of the sheriff's office. My appreciation of the civil service laws is that the state examiner can give you advice give you direction. I don't think that there's any action they can take to compel you. Obviously if it's civil service law then someone could pursue enforcement of the civil service law. It's just from my experience and I don't know young's the old PD's policies but it just seems to me that it will be a much simpler process. If vacation time is converted to hours, regardless of your assignment, whether you're a 12 hour employee or an eight hour employee, if you get next number of hours based on your cost of your tenure, then irregardless of whether you're in an eight hour position or a 12 hour position, you're going to get compensated for that number of hours annually. I think when you offer days, and is that a matter of policy? No, I'm not sure. The reason it's going days to hours is because whenever you read the state statute, the state statute specifically says 15 days. So we're not implementing the days, the state statute says days, we in turn have to break it down to hours for those employees who are eight or 12. So that's not a labor law issue though because one employee has been in fitting form from more compensation. And that's what exactly what Laura was explaining. Whenever you read the statute itself, it says any employee after one year of service shall get 15 days, which