who some are struggling with school and need help. Some are doing really well. And that's great. And we need to be able to focus on all of those students. All of those students are important. Every one of them has a story that can lead to someone being someone that can make a big difference in our world. And for me to be able to be looking in their eyes and understanding what their needs are would be a big help for me in this position. I also get to look at the teachers. Some who are consider a retirement because they're burnt out. Some who are considering complete career changes because they're tired of the way the school system works. Unfortunately, that's the world that we're living in right now. There's also competition with another school that's in the area. I love Arca. But you know what? Competition's good for everyone, right? And so sometimes the competition helps us to have to ramp up what we're doing. And so for me to be able to see what the teachers and the students experience is something that I would hold very close to me in terms of making decisions for our area. Not just Young'sville because it's Milton and Bruce art as well. My heart is for those kids. My heart is for their families. The stories you hear about kids families and why they're struggling is really what propels me to want to continue to be in the school system and work as a substitute teacher because I know those kids sometimes don't have anyone at home who can help them and encourage them to do what they need to do. So that one day they can look back and be successful and make a contribution to whatever city they live in. Hopefully they'd want to stay in the Young'sville area. I know that Southside is a great school. All of our schools here are great. The one thing that's lacking is the athletic facility, which I know Arca has shown us a beautiful rendition of theirs. It would be great for us to be able to do some type of partnership with them so that we can have something that shared throughout the year. Between both schools. I know for a fact that if we do have a place where Southside can play football not only will it impact Young'sville, but it will impact the communities in Young'sville, the housing in Young'sville, but also impact the businesses in this area. When we have football on Friday nights where thousands of people come in businesses will thrive because they're going to be getting support from those people as they leave the games and go to fast food restaurants or wherever it is that they go. So there's a lot of implications that can be made for the priority of putting a football stadium there. I'd also just like to say one of my biggest things is I want