 you you you you or All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to Youngsville Municipal Complex. Today, Thursday, September 14th. We welcome you to the regular scheduled September meeting of the Youngsville City Council. For our opening, I'd like to ask Pastor Joe Cormier from 1st Assembly Youngsville to lead us in the invocation. And if you please remain standing, our pledge this evening will be led by Councilwoman Champagne. Pastor Welch. Thank you so much. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this wonderful day that you've given us, Lord. I thank you for this opportunity that we have to come together as city leaders, as city officials, as citizens of this great city of Youngsville to discuss and deliberate the business of our town. So, Lord, I pray that you be with us. Lord, bless us. Bless our conversations. Bless the discussions. Lord, I pray for unique ideas and vision to be cast from this city council meeting. Lord, I thank you for all of our council members, for our mayor, for our chief of police, for our fire chief. And for all of those who served this great city, I pray that you bless their families, that you keep them in your care as they minister to us, Lord, every single day. So, Lord, we just give you this time when we give you this meeting. And we thank you for it. And we pray these things in the matchless name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Legislative minutes. This is like a United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God and individual with liberty and justice for all. Mr. Col. Nicole, please call the roll. Mr. LaNue, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, absent, Mr. Sanesbury, Ms. Jean-Bine. Here. All right. Thank you, Nicole. Have three different persons to address the council this evening. I'd like to first welcome back Mr. David Wei, who's going to be addressing the council this evening to announce his candidacy for district judge division L. Welcome back, David. Nice to see you again. Thank you very much, Mr. Mayor. Thank you up to all the members of the council for having me here tonight. And thank you to you, the members of the public for being here tonight. Again, my name is David Wei and I'm a candidate for district court judge in Lafayette Parish. This is a district that basically is everything south of the interstate, more or less. And it, it, it, it carves out a little bit around the throughway, but it's a, a big chunk of Lafayette Parish. A little bit about myself. I've been, I've been living here in Lafayette since the mid 1990s. When I started practicing law here, I'm married to my wife, Missy. We've been married for 26 years. We have three kids. And I spent a lot of time out at the Youngsville Sports Complex with my youngest, who was a big softball player, playing on the weekends and that kind of stuff. So I'm, I've always enjoyed the time out here in Youngsville with that. As far as my personal background, I've, I've been a, I'm practicing law for 26 years. I've had a general civil practice where I've represented a lot of businesses and individuals who have been sued in matters. Also represented folks in all kinds of different litigation cases have handled things all over tried, tried cases from Shreveport to New Orleans, from Lake Charles all the way to Baton Rouge. I think that's what'll make me an excellent candidate for district court judge. Obviously, any candidate for district court here in, in Lafayette in such a heavily conservative area is going to be tough on crime. But one of the things that I think we definitely need to do to address crime and to make sure the cases get tried quicker is to add two new criminal divisions to the district court in Lafayette. As, as Youngsville growing as it is, you, you will well know that the Lafayette parish when we got our eight current judges, the population was 140,000. Now our population is closer to 275,000. We've almost doubled in population and we haven't added a single new judge. And so by adding two criminal divisions and those would be new divisions, we could move criminal cases through the system a lot quicker. And that means less people getting less people not getting convicted. You'd be able to move cases a lot quicker. Witnesses wouldn't get lost. Evidence wouldn't go bad. And instead of a lot of folks don't know right now, criminal most judges only have criminal matters one week out of the month and then 10 months out of the year, meaning that if something has to be reset, it has to get reset months in advance. And it may be two or three months down the line before it gets reset. If we had a criminal division, it could literally be set the next week and things could move a lot quicker. That also saves taxpayers of Lafayette a lot of money because as you know, before conviction, they're a guest of the parish. After conviction, they're a guest of the state of Louisiana. So that's one of the things that I would like to see addressed as well. And I know the mayor's on board with it, the sheriff's on board with it, and I hope that's something that everybody can get behind on that. So I appreciate your time here today. If you have any questions, I certainly don't mind answering them, but I'd also appreciate everybody's support. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Wade. Great seeing you again. Best of luck in the upcoming campaign. Agenda 3.2. Ms. Jan Swift is here to see me turn on her candidacy for Lafayette parish mayor, President. How you doing, Jan? Welcome back. Thank you for this opportunity. I'm Jan Swift, candidate for Lafayette parish mayor, President. I know some of you we've met through my work in the community. Some of you I haven't had the opportunity to work with yet. I look forward to continuing a great partnership with the city of Lafayette, the parish, and the town of Youngsville. Before I get into who I am, I want to say that my family, my husband's family, was devastated by the destruction of Hurricane Laura and others. And many of them have moved here because Youngsville is a shining star, especially for young families. So I want to thank you for all the work you do, and I want to just commend the community for coming to this council meeting to be involved. I moved to Lafayette parish 40 years ago. I'm a real estate attorney. I graduated from LSU Law School. And in the 40 years since I've moved here, I've been married to John Swift for 34 years. We have two daughters, and I do have to say my oldest daughter is Taylor Swift. So we're we're Swifties. In 1992, that was the best name in the world. And it still is, but of course she's taken a hit for that. But I have two daughters, we raised them here. And I love this community. I've served as an assistant city parish attorney over community development. I've been on the Chamber of Commerce Executive Committee. I've worked on different boards and commissions. I chaired the Lafayette Parish Industrial Development Commission. I worked for 10 years. Some of you know, I think that's when I met Mayor Ritter. I ran upper Lafayette economic development. I know, can we met back then too and some own many of you. I've worked in economic development. What I don't see Lafayette doing now, and I'm talking about the parish, not Young'sville, we're not courting businesses like we could. When I moved here in 1983, this was a shining star, this whole community for young talent. I don't see that we've done much as far as Lafayette Parish, working with Lida and others to bring in business. I want to see that 25 to 34-year-old cohort moving to our area, whether they moved to Young'sville, Karen Crow, Broussard, the city of Lafayette, I want to bring my economic development skills to the table to move them here. Because we all benefit, whether they move to your town or another town, they may work here, even if they live in another town. My second priority is going to be public safety. You all have a great police department here. I have served on crime stoppers for Lafayette. For the past few years, I was chair last year. We've been through six police chiefs in the city of Lafayette in three years. And many of you know, when people drive in, they might be going through downtown Lafayette first, where the homeless population is burgeoning. They're growing, and they're not just staying in downtown, they're moving throughout Lafayette. I don't want to see that happen, because that affects everybody that lives in our parish. I promise you, I'm going to bring open and transparent government. I don't know how many minutes I have. I hope I'm okay. I've been concerned with this administration. We've had no big contracts. I know that people are here, and I'm glad to see some people that have worked for us. But we've had the majority of our big construction projects done with nobeds. 96.7% of the large contracts last year were went to rigid constructors. Whether or not that was the right contractor, I don't know. But I'm not going to do that in my administration. We're going to have open, transparent government. We're going to have everything on the website, not just open checkbook, where you have to know who to look for before you find what was spent. But everybody, it's going to be much more transparent. But basically, I'm going to be open for business, for all people, whether they live in the city of Youngsville, the city of Lafayette, or in the unincorporated areas. I'm here to serve this community as a 42-year Republican. I registered when I was in law school. My family hadn't been active, but Reagan was in then. And that, for those of you that might remember, it was a time of immense pride. I've always been proud to be a Republican. But the main principles I'm proud of is fiscal conservatism. I'm not going to waste one dollar of money that could go to something. Let's say we have intergovernmental agreements with Youngsville. Let's spend those dollars wisely. Let's invest in our parks. Let's invest in our people. I thank you for your time. The election is coming up. I don't know if you said it, David, that the election is October 14th. It's less than a month away. But early voting is starting now by mail-in ballots. And you can go vote in person. And I think Youngsville has a place where people can conveniently vote starting September 30th. I hope you'll consider me. Please vote for me. And even more importantly, when I get elected, please know that I'm here to serve everyone. You'll be able to trust my open and honest government. Thank you for your time. Thank you, Ms. Swift. Best of luck to you. The gen item 3.3, Mr. Sandy Derees is here. Derees to announce his candidacy for Louisiana State Representative District 49. Welcome, Sandy. Good evening, guys. Welcome. Thank you so much for having me, Councilor and community. Great venue. You guys do a fantastic job to start off with. I feel I know most of you, so good to be here. First off, my name is Sandy Derees. Like I said, from Generat, Louisiana, Graduate in New York City, in New York City, in New York City, in New York City. And ultimately, I went on and became a paramedic for seven years. First five years on Amlitz, one year offshore, and the next year on Amid. I fell in love with the offshore world and got a job at Superior Energy, worked in all field for the last 23 years with the same company Superior Energy Services, which I'm very proud of. Last six years, I served as a sales manager in Louisiana. And what we do is we rent drilling tools to all in gas companies. I've been a part of, I bear a parish for a very long time, but I've lived, I live here now in Young'sville for the last nine years. I love the community, love everything about it. Great police force, Ricky. Everybody's done a fantastic job. Mayor, you guys have stepped up and really done a good job. So I just want to thank you. I love the community I live in, and I just really want to get back. My three big thing, guys, my big three things that I have to hit on. Number one is education. I think so much we strap out our teachers and we don't allow them to teach. I want to go to Baton Rouge and fight for our teachers. I think, number one, they need just freedom. They need to be able to teach our kids. Whoever thought of spelling our kids in Young's, in Young Third and Fourth graders are not even being taught spelling. How can you read if you can't spell? Just simple things like that we need to move forward. The next thing when I knock on door to doors, both in Iberia, familiar and even here in Young'sville as insurance rates. Insurance rates are crazy. We have to do something. The state has done something and put $40 million aside for other companies to come here, but it's going to take while. It's going to take 18 months to 24 months. We have to continue pounding on these issues and pounding on these insurance companies. They can't keep, can't keep coming into the state and leaving. They either have to come in and stand or they need to get out. We have to have stricter building codes. It just really support our insurance companies and make sure that they are here. When we have a claim, they pay the claim. We've got people down in home without a steel battling insurance claims from two years ago. I got friends that are still living in FEMA trailers. It's a shame. It shouldn't be that way. Third but not least our law protection. We have to continue to fight for our policemen. As I said, I was a paramedic many years ago. I'll fight for police departments and I'll fight for the EMS workers and the first responders. They're what we need to continue to keep forward. Last but not least guys, like I said, I'm Sandy Derries. I'm the guy next door. I'm not the rich business owner. I'm the guy that's next door that puts his boots on every day and goes to work. I'm the guy that's going to go to Baton Rouge and fight for us. Mayor, I knew you guys. Miss Simone, if you don't have a good state rep and a good senator, it's hard to get money for your communities and you really have to have somebody in Baton Rouge fighting for you every day. I'm just here to tell you I'm the guy to do it. I'm the guy that's going to bring home the money and move out. I'll perish. I'll district 49 forward. Please guys, I'd ask for your support in October and anything I can do, please call me, my website, sanideries.com, and my phone numbers are on there as well. Thank you so much for everything. Thank you, Sandy and Brown of applause for all the candidates. And I know as Mrs. Swift mentioned early voting starts on the 30th in the La Newville location, the La Newville library that Bruce Sard Young'sville and Lafayette worked hard to get will be available for that. So again, we wish all the candidates the best of luck. I failed to mention, I know we did the roll call, but councilmember Romero, there's a home south side game this evening and councilmember marrers the voice of the sharks. So he has a responsibility there in regrets he could make the meeting this evening. agenda item 4.1 approval of the August 10th 2023 meeting minutes. All right, there's a motion by Mr. Bulljano. Mr. Bulljano. Good. All right. Second by Mr. Lennon. Okay. All right. Any council discussion or comment? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please open the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you. agenda item 4.2 is approval of the August 24th 2023 special meeting minutes motion by Mr. Stan's Berry. Second by Mr. Lennon. Any council discussion? Okay. No council discussion. Any public comment? All right. Hearing no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please open the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you. Ms. Gidry. Finance report 5.1 approval of the July 2023 finance report. All right. Motion by councilmember Bulljano. Second by councilwoman Champagne. Any council discussion? Any public comment? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council other business agenda item 6.1. As to request a variance to allow for 20 foot garage setback for lot 70 within Benson Grove subdivision. I met with the the developers earlier today. So I told them that their attendance wasn't required this evening and I felt like it represented but did take some notes though. This is regarding lot 70. Council you recall that our front setback requirement for new subdivisions is 20 feet. However, we have required a 25 foot garage setback in all of our new developments. So the slot narrowed in with the curve of the road and what they're asking for is simply for the garage setback to be 20 foot on that one lot so they can fit the house on the lot the house will still stay at 20. So for this particular lot only that they're asking that that the house and the garage be the same at a 20 foot setback. And I believe because of the curve of the road I think it's a reasonable request for the council and the publics benefit the reason for there was some discussion as we continue to evolve with residential development. Looking down the street how do we really get cars off the roads more a lot of people as you know don't always use their garages or you know a lot of storage a lot of things. So in consultation with some of our developers what we decided and it's working really well so far is that the garages would be set back 25 feet and in that case it allows there to be a longer concrete driveway which is more ability to pull the vehicles off the road not blocking the sidewalk and that's where we are. So but there will be odd cases like this where they just don't really make sense or where it's a little bit more challenging to fit the lot without taking up too much of the backyard. What's the pleasure of the council? All right. I'm motion to approve the variance by Mr. Linu and there's a second by council member stands very Mr. Linu any comment? No sir. All right Mr. Stansbury. All right thank you any other council discussion or comment? Any public comment at this time? If there's no public comment misgid your please open the vote. How long favor motion to approve? All right thank you council the Benson Grove the final walk through on that subdivision just took place that is the subdivision on Deacon Road near Shimon Agriyam and it borders you feel like you're in the same neighborhood the second one is central village central village was previously in their preliminary plot referred to as the marshes and that's the neighborhood that connects with Sansa Bastion which is in the unincorporated area but accessible from Verod. So now with the with the final plot recording of these two neighborhoods you'll be able to travel from Verod to Deacon through these subdivisions. All right next on the agenda is mayoral mayoral appointments as we have did when Miss Shumpin resigned as CAO we took nine months during that time period to really do some evaluation of the current strengths and weaknesses of our team we had some great supervisors some great managers some great associates that I'm fortunate to work with at that time we left the job open for nine months and Sally if you recall we did some reorganization and Sally assumed the role of chief administrative officer well similar we did a similar process and did a lot of self-evaluation within our departments and strength weakness assessment where do we have opportunities and how can we best complement each other and very similar to as was the case with Miss Andrews promotion I realized that the best answer was right already within my team I'm proud to present to you my nominee for chief operating officer and I'll talk about that in a second but it's Terry Bork and Terry as many of you know his earned was our hired as our public works director in 2016 he's earned my trust during that time over the past seven years of working together immediately after the 2016 flood Simone and our then administration decided that we really had to revamp our maintenance department at the time because no disrespect to that team but wasn't quite to the level of public works that you'd expect in a growing modern city like like we have so Terry was brought on after 15 years of public works experience and a nearby parish where one of his primary jobs was the maintenance of drainage channels throughout that community since that time he's come in and created a tremendous amount of processes and policies that still benefit our citizens extremely well today it was in October of 2021 that his role expanded and we added on the title of deputy CAO at the same time that Miss Andrews was reclassified as our chief administrative officer and at that time we had a lot of projects that were pending of course we have great consultants but I needed somebody to be closer to me to advise me on a lot of the projects and opportunities Tim is excellent and is disciplined but we were having a lot of construction related pieces and moving parts happening there so Terry skillset at that time best complimented me as deputy CAO so here we are nine months after Sally's retirement and we are so fortunate and blessed to have a great administrative support team within our city hall so the role shifting a little bit I've decided to change the role to same role different title to chief operating officer because I think that's truly indicative of Terry skill set Terry has nearly 30 years of leadership experience he had an admirable six-year career in the US Army where he served at the end of a service as a E5 sergeant and as I said he's earned my trust I trust his opinion he has the respect of his team and the staff and I truly believe that he's grown our public works department into a model department not only in our own city but across our entire parish and area so anyway it's with great pleasure that I nominate Terry Bork for chief operating officer you'll still see him doing really the job that he's doing today that he enjoyed for me doing with me as deputy CAO but it's dawned on me nine months later it's no sense I have an deputy CAO if I don't have a CAO so anyway I present to you Terry for chief operating officer and if I could I'll tell you a little bit about the next assignment that I'm proud to present to you as you know Ben Burley has announced his intention to retire at the end of this year so we sought out someone that could again best complement our team the skill set of our staff and be be a fresh set of eyes to a lot of things that are currently relevant for a community of growth of our size and we hired Ms. Catherine Gregg and February March of this year she assumed at that time the title of deputy chief financial officer and my expectation was that we would reorganize and promote her at the time of Ben's retirement well ladies and gentlemen I want you to know that Catherine started in early March and really drove the budget process nearly entirely with Ben's oversight similar to Terry just on a quick of time periods just earned my trust my confidence she's had a very distinguished career in the private sector of working at one of the major employers and a nearby parish she's a proud resident of Young'sville and has a degree in accounting but continuous education is something that she truly believes in so she's still in school today taking a night night classes for a master's in infomatics and I can tell you that having her skill set her knowledge of programs of how to she makes Excel dance as I say Ben Ben does a phenomenal job with it but I'm seeing pivot tables that I didn't even know could exist but anyway so these are not two new individuals gives me a lot of pride and satisfaction always have to be able to reorganize and shuffle within our current staff so she's modernized a lot of processes she's paying vendors quicker through automated ACH payments and the best news is she's just getting started so whereas we embark on the audit process we felt that now was a good time to make to ratify her appointment as well so Ben anything you'd like to add? I think Catherine's a wonderful addition to the city I feel very very good about the fact that when I leave you're in great hands with Catherine like you said she's very tech savvy she's started a lot of new processes I think they're going to be beneficial and she's cutting through a lot of red tape so she knows how I feel about her my hat's off to Catherine. Yeah well thank you so all right so Miss Shampine is that a nomination for both of the appointees or would you like to take them individually? How would you like to handle it? No sir it's for both of the individuals great job great appointments so I would like to nominate Terry Bork as your chief operating officer and Catherine Greg as your chief financial officer. Thank you Miss Shampine as someone who knows the job very well I appreciate that you appreciate your vote of confidence Mr. Bull's Janos seconds you comment? Well also Terry Terry it's been a pleasure to work with you thus far in both aspects of public service the fire department and on council. Terry's going to do a phenomenal job in this role he's done in the beginning all the way from public works from growing our public works department creating jobs different avenues that we can get a lot of things done in house versus having an outsourced. Terry has a passion with with a lot of our holiday events and I think his partnership and that it's truly bringing a lot of things to light and I'm excited about the the future endeavors we're gonna we're gonna go into that and Catherine spent a pleasure to have you so far and I'm looking forward to the working relationship and you're knowledge to address some maybe sell myself because that's probably my only flaw in life is Excel so I'll look to Catherine for some lessons. All right thank you Mr. Bull's Janos any other council comments or questions any public comment well lastly I just want to say that to the employees of the Young's Little City government these appointments are really a testament to my confidence in you as well because we I wanted to take time to make these appointments as I've done previously because it's important as we continue to grow that we're not necessarily growing government and size notice these are working within positions that we already have but you know the the needs of the employees the needs of our community and frankly the needs of a support team for myself evolve and change so it's because of your confidence and your abilities as supervisors as leaders and as employees of the city that I'm proud to to present to people from within your team so all right there's no other comment the schedule please open the vote. All right agenda item 6.3 to discuss amending the 2023 2024 police department budget to increase the pay of the civil service secretary from $350 to $600 per month which would be retroactive to August 1st 2023 and council I just want to point out the civil service chairperson is here Miss Dawn fornier as well as the secretary Miss Laurie Seguire so the minutes of the meeting are inside of the packet from that civil service meeting because it because those minutes arrived to us after the budget process I felt it was incumbent to route it to the council for the appropriate appropriation. All right Mr. Stansbury is it on? Okay could we get more clarification or justification for this move Miss fornier would you mind just talking a little bit more about I did read the minutes but it's a big jump from $350 to $600 just it is it is a big jump but I will say this when we first started as a civil service board we really had no idea what to pay somebody and it was kind of suggested this is a minimum but you can pay them whatever you feel like you need to pay them we at the time didn't have a whole lot of things going on it was most of a paperwork thing and Sally actually did it at first and then Laurie came on board and just kind of assumed that role at the promise of what we promise to pay her over the last couple of years she has put in numerous hours in preparing documents taking emails making phone calls preparing things for our meetings and I am talking about books of things that were just relevant to whatever we were hearing at the time we are volunteers it's not something that we can do we are totally dependent on a capable person who can prepare those documents for us to take those phone calls to write those letters that I saw because I don't have time to do it so she has been just on board with everything even at the $350 a month she has spent numerous hours after hours because this is not anything she does during her work day these are things she does after work or on the weekends or at home after hours or before work preparing documents for us and I just feel like she needs to be compensated for that and I'm going to ask her to stand up so y'all can recognize her because Laurie is a great employee of the police department and also a great asset to our civil service board. Ever complains she never has an opinion she just does what she's supposed to do and which is in a leadership role is what I expect and what I appreciate absolutely so do y'all have any questions to be on that. Did you have a chance to look at other civil service boards and what they're paying did you see that? They're paying around this wage around $600 a month for what I understand and actually by the time Sally left she was getting about $600 a month so yeah it's not unusual $350 is I mean if you're just pushing papers $350 is adequate but when you're documenting when you're preparing documents when you're talking to attorneys when you're doing the emails and all the communication between all of us it really becomes very cumbersome. So okay thank you thank you. Oh and this is actually if y'all need a copy of this these are all of the hours that she spent all of time over the last this is 2022 to now so this just in the last year and it's about 10 pages so just to document the time that she's spent doing this so okay anything else. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you and thank you Ms. Fornier for your service as the chair person and serving on the board for for years now. I'll make a motion. All right have a motion motion by let's see Mr. Bolgiano motions and Mr. Stansbury seconds any common gentleman. All right any other council comment or discussion okay is there any public comment related to the increase yes sir you wouldn't mind coming forward sir. I do have a question. How many hours are you putting in about 40? How many I don't know I didn't read it just give me an hour. 600 dollars is not enough. Six hundred dollars nowhere even close to being enough. 20 dollars an hour 30 hours. All the council she needs to get paid she's getting the job done. All right thank you sir is there any other public comment okay if there's no public comment misgivery please open the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right thank you and congratulations Lori we'll we'll make those modifications and make sure we do it retroactive for you as well. I agenda item 6.4 to discuss amending the 2023 2024 police department budget to include a $1,000 monthly auto allowance for the chief of police retroactive to September 1st 2023. Let's see Ms. Shumpine. Yes Mayor I would like to make a motion to approve 6.4 for the police chief. I would also like some clarification from our attorney about the $1,000 a month core allowance and exactly what it is meant for and what it can be used for. Also in this I would like the motion amended that we add the necessary lights and all for the police chief's vehicle as we've done in the past that was not included in this motion. Okay thank you Ms. Shumpine let me see if I can add let's see uh Mr. Tron. It's part of the clarification that councilwoman Shumpine asked for chief you understand that the $1,000 allocation is a separate check separate in report from your salary and it is to be used for the operation and maintenance of your vehicle. Customarily in the past we have also provided fuel main cords and things of that sort that will not be provided to you. The $1,000 is to cover maintenance fuel total expenses associated with your vehicle. If you have any questions reach out to me. Ms. Shumpine is that part of the clarification? Okay chief if you have any questions please feel free to call me. That's good thank you. Okay so Ms. Shumpine there's a motion. I understand. Okay. All right yes ma'am thank you and uh Mr. Bulljana. Second. Mr. Bulljana seconds is there any other council discussion or comment? Yes Mr. Stansbury. So the additional cost would do we have an estimate for that estimate for that? You know about what it costs to outfit the vehicle? I don't have six. Okay get it to you guys okay. It's as possible though. Thank you. Okay is there any other comment? All right Ms. Skidry please open the vote. Yes I apologize did you have a question sir? Thanks. You know $1,000 and you guys aren't going to pay for the gas? I'm not going to pay for any maintenance. You're not going to pay for anything. You'll be using that as going on our locations if we have accidents or or any type of emergency will you be driving that vehicle to it? Yes sir and you will not be using any fuel from the city. Do not take that deal. Absolutely don't take that deal that is hideous. First of all it's going to be income. 25% knock it down to 750 the average car note in America 780. How much insurance do you have to cover? How much does the city have to cover? What's the amount? You have to carry 100,000 and the city picks it up. How much did your insurance go up? Don't take the deal they're screwing you. Is there any other public comment? If there's no public comment Ms. Skidry please reopen the vote. I'm favor motion approved. All right thank you Nicole. 7.1 is resolution 202326. A resolution of the city of Yangsville authorizing signatures for bank authorization cards and other financial matters. All right Mr. Stansbury motion I assume. All right thank you sir and Ms. Shampa in second. Are there any comment or questions from the council? All right any public comment? All right Ms. Skidry please open the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right thank you so much. 7.2 is resolution 202327. A resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Yangsville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement and all necessary documentation between the Louisiana Department of Treasury. State of Louisiana and the city of Yangsville pertaining to an appropriation from act 397 of the 2023 regular regular legislative session for upgrades to the Yangsville sports complex. All right have a motion by Mr. Linu second by Ms. Shampa in any council discussion. Hello sir. All right thank you both of any public comment. All right this is just part of the cooperative endeavor agreement to move paperwork in order to we were fortunate to receive a million dollar direct appropriation to be applied towards the Yangsville sports complex improvements that the citizens of Yangsville are funding as part of the last legislative session and fortunately this does not have to go to the bond commission so once we get the cooperative endeavor in place we should have access to the funding. All right Ms. Gidry please open the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right thank you 7.3 resolution 202328. A resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Yangsville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement and all necessary documentation between the Louisiana Department of Treasury state of Louisiana and for the city of Yangsville pertaining to an appropriation from act 397 of the 2023 regular legislative session for infrastructure. Very similar to the last one council this is a 500,000 to be used for infrastructure. Our intention is to apply to our ongoing 2022 road series projects. So all right motion by Ms. Shampa in second. All right second by council member Boljano any council comments or questions any public comment. All right one a thank before we call for the vote I just want to thank Senate President excuse me Chairman Stewart Bishop was the author of helping to skit the million dollars for sports complex and our Senator elect Jean Paul Cousin is the responsible party for the 500,000 in the infrastructure. So all right if there's no discussion Ms. Gidry please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right thank you Ms. Gidry. All right let's see. Was it well was it something that was on the agenda? Yeah I missed something. I missed something on the first issue. I want to talk about the final. What's the pleasure of the agenda? It's up to the agenda. We already got some. Yeah. Yeah I'll be happy to visit with you after. Bob. Was there any way that we can do the race for? All right Ms. Grange anything for the council members? All right can you give me a comment? Yes. Well I'm happy to say that we have finished the excavation of all of our detention ponds. So for Bayley Grove we're working on a preliminary punch list hoping by next month we'll have substantial we'll be able to do a final punch list and do a substantial completion. Coolie LaSalle they're working to finish the building we have a little bit of painting and a little bit of work left to do on the building and some dress up. So hopefully that won't be at substantial completion as well next month. On the 2022 roadway improvements the contractor was along all the NASA today doing some show to rework. As soon as a new milling machine comes in they'll get back on the field crest. Some people may have seen them at field crest we haven't forgotten about you but there was some equipment problems. We're hoping to mobilize by September 26 which would be a week from Monday on North La Riviera. And we are we finished the geotech with regards to the Valesco crossing so that we could finalize our typical section and we're working on the plan profile sheets for that. Let's see we're going to break out met with the mayor we're going to break out another early work submit on both highway 89 and fortune road roundabout to keep those moving while we wait for the bond commission for you to be able to do your GMP. So of course we already have your GMP on fortune we can't sign it until all of the money comes from capital outlay. But you can do you can continue to do early works so we're going to start on some drainage on the fortune and we're going to do the same thing on highway 89. Starting from the fortune road location. We have let's see we started surveying for the press got 92 roundabout and we're working on another layout for the long line nation at Agriop extension and then South La Riviera 95% plans are complete and we're working on some modifications that do to the requested on the drainage and bridge reports that'll be submitted before the end of the month. Thank you I did have a conversation with the developer of long line a rigid states today so I have I have an update about that I want to talk to you about about shaman Agriop so we're as we're looking at that alignment. And Pam just said up at the reason we've been we were very successful in the legislative session as I've communicated to the public before about funding for a lot of our road projects. We're waiting for those dollars that were in the appropriations bills to get scheduled through the state bond commission and the states really made no secret about their over committed about 300 million dollars in capital outlay projects. So we're trying to do the best we can to get scheduled on the bond commission as soon as possible that meeting there is a meeting next week but it doesn't look like any local projects are being are part of that agenda. So that's the reason why Pam and I have met and we're we're anxious to get more started early work drainage you know specifically is one of the critical past so we're going to be breaking out some components of it to do it as early work so that we're not committing to the big overall project until we know the money has been bonded out. So still kind of going through a few of the bureaucratic steps unfortunately but I'm confident that it'll that it'll come through because it's a project that's in essence really already started so all right thank you Pam. Stuart. Yeah well the next bond commission meeting would be October but but if you're able to break out do some breakout of drainage we're hoping that we can maybe get mobile laws to do some of the drainage work yeah they be mobilized in October yeah mobile us so October begin to get some more yeah so all right Stuart B.O. as everyone knows is with JB Muton who's our contractor for the sports complex expansion. Yeah thank you and congratulations Terry and Catherine you know new positions been pleasure working with you also for and look forward to continuing the sports complex with you all. So update on the sports complex since that's not last came we've established a guarantee maximum price of the milestone in the project project that we were really just working on earthwork. And storm drainage so that released the rest of the work we've been working on a lot of submittals procuring a lot of materials getting them to the site. The storm drainage and earthwork is going really well the earth works pretty much done the storm drainage is about 50% done and most of that stuff's getting off the critical path. Going forward over the next 60 days you'll start to see us put in concrete foundations maybe even some concrete pavement and building foundations maybe start on the seating on the amp with the aider. We're going to try to get as much of that work done as we can before like December winter weather gets here when it's drier. But later this year early next year you'll start to see buildings going up and fencing going up and more vertical type construction. Still on track to be finished for next summer and we'll be picking out colors with kin and his team over the next week or so for the buildings and breaking all that kind of fun stuff. That's pretty much where we are everything's on track everything's moving forward. The weather's been pretty cooperative and hopefully we get a little more cooperation and it'll make a big difference. Any questions? Good news is the design standpoint we're pretty much done and it's all you know we're making I mean we'll have some request for information that come up but it's largely all in the contractors hands and the design team questions are the contract and the design team working out some things but our heavy lift is really over. Yeah so be honest. Just execution operations in the field. All right thank you Stuart appreciate it. Thank you. Susan anything for the council welcome back. It's good to be back I haven't made it enough you meeting so apologize for that but for the wastewater plant we're working through the DEQ and LDH permitting we were close. For the pump station we have the DEQ approval we have answered the health department's comments so we're just waiting on that permit. And the water plant we are doing the final coordination for all of those projects so that we can hopefully go to bed very quickly. Perfect. That's it. All right thank you Susan the big critical path we've been waiting on is the rate study and we do have the state did assign a firm to do the rate study and we're in the back and forth with them right now. So we're actually wanting to make sure that before we embark on the project that we have appropriate rates in order to be able to pay the pay the loan back. Yeah so all right thank you Susan. Neil Shay for submitted your report they're still doing actual utility pot holding which is to identify the exact locations in the critical areas where the utility conflicts are likely. They're the ones that are doing the redesign of the Schimmemeteri and Louisiana 89 G out round about to add that second circulating lane and then also the East Milton Avenue corridor. Both of those job areas are heavy utilities so they're within the room of error to where they're really the exercises called pot hole and where they're actually opening the ground and making sure that they're visually seeing the utilities before they finalize their design. So that's what's happening with the two Neil Shay for projects. 10 many updates for the council sir. Yes under the sports programs right now the YC endure girls volleyball jamboree was this past weekend. They'll be practicing during the week and playing games on Saturday and Sundays about 580 girls leading up to that our indoor camps for indoor girls volleyball we had about 400 girls attending those camps. Adult softball games have started on Tuesday Wednesday and Thursdays a winded up with 92 teams sugar beach adult volleyball the summer league is ended and will begin the fall league starting next week with around 148 teams. FNA flag football practice is currently going on their games will be played on Monday and Friday starting September 22nd and we have about 759 players in FNA football. Sock of practice has started and they started their games on the weekends. Sock of practice is over the rec soccer now and L.A. crew rush is over the select side of soccer. All tennis programming continues the rec center all pickleball council and aging and free play continues under some special events coming the special Olympics state horseshoe tournament will be this Saturday at Foster Park from 9 to 12. There will be about 150 players competing and the regional tournament will be at Foster Park also on October 7th with about 80 players competing in it. Out of the darkness suicide walk will be September 30th at Foster Park. UL men's tennis tournament will be this Friday Saturday and Sunday at the Raising Cain's tennis center. The matches will be Friday from 1 to 8 Saturday 9 to 3 and Sunday 8 to 2 and the teams competing will be UL Nichols Lamar and Tyler junior college. And admission will be free to get in to see those matches. We have a big caterpillar rental company family fund a softball tournament which will take place Saturday September 23rd and they'll roughly have probably 800 to 1000 people participating in that event. Capitoli projects veterans part of course I think is going to come on board on on veterans day. This starting the brick campaign also and the board pork sign is up and final plans are taking place for possible late fall. Thank you. Thank you Timber exciting another collegiate tournament here at our sports complex for this weekend so free admission. It's going to be a great opportunity to see some tennis play from various colleges so thank you very much. I think the Mississippi. Oh, I need to wait a minute. I'm still learning. I need to be quick. Mr. Tim thank you. I mean the doing a wonderful job. I was at the jamboree for the girls volleyball and 580 girls and I kind of started to reflect back when we first started it. We had like what 200 maybe we have probably close to 180 and then we're at 580 girls and y'all are doing a wonderful job. Getting them in getting them out. I went to a couple of practices and so Louisiana volleyball is doing a great job but I just wanted to come in. John that. Thank you. Are there any other staff announcements or she did. Sure. Thank you everybody for coming tonight. First I want to thank Laura Siger. She's been instrumental in my transition and my position currently. As far as the police department goes we've had staff meetings across the board. I'm just getting everybody on board given my goals and expectations for the department. Started one on one. I'm almost halfway done with everybody to get their goals and expectations for the department for themselves. I'm going to start proactively recruiting to fill our open vacancies that we currently have. I meet several public contacts in the last couple weeks that I've been here. I want to thank everybody and looking forward to meeting as many people in the community as I can. And lastly just thank the council and the mayor for y'all support their matriotion also. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Are there any other council announcements? Mr. Boljana. I'm sorry. Oh no. All right. Free. Oh my apologies. Thank you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yes. Yes. Mr. Sivell. I will address what you mentioned earlier. We've had meetings and I do think that conversation is going to be coming towards the council here shortly. We're working with the current chief and the officers were at a meeting with them. And it was a great conversation and we're going to continue moving forward on all the priorities for the police department. Excuse me. $105,000. How much do you get in the number? 50. If you don't feel the concerns of this item, you stick $105,000. Why less? I'm under the attendance right now. Thank you for your comments, but I just want you to know that it is being addressed and it will be here probably at the next meeting. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. All right. This motion to adjourn by Mr. Volchano, second by Mr. Linu, all in favor. All right. Meeting adjourned. Thank you so much for attending.