 you Allen. All right. We welcome you to the Youngso Municipal Complex. Tonight is the regular schedule meeting of the Youngso City Council. This evening I'd like to ask for Pastor Andy Tribe from Youngso Community Church to please lead us in the invocation. Hello Pastor, welcome sir. And then if you remain standing, our pledge this evening is going to be led by Councilwoman Shannon Barres. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, what a wonderful thing it is to come to a City Council meeting and be free to pray Father. We thank you for the mayor and the opportunity to do this Father and the Council members today Father. God be pray for protection of our civil servants, police and Father today God and other serving in this community Father. It's an awesome thing to be part of a growing and thriving community for those in the faith Father to have so many healthy churches in this community God. Just lead God and direct this Council tonight Father. I just pray that each one seek your will and the decisions they'll make tonight Father. We lift this whole city up to you. We pray this in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. I pledge to apply the United States to the Republic for which it stands for nation under God, individual with liberty and justice for all. Thank you again Pastor. Miss, Miss Skidry, please call the roll. Ms. Baris, Mr. Bajiano, Mr. Emerald, Ms. Creve, Ms. Champagne, here. All right. Thank you, Nicole. Council, there are a couple of adjustments to the agenda tonight. There are several items that are being tabled starting with a gen item 3.1. The presentation of the 2024 Young Zoolmardi Girl Awards. We are tabling that presentation and recognition to the April meeting. We'll be held the second Thursday in April at the same time. And as promised during the Mardi Gras route discussions, we are going to be facilitating a public hearing at that same council meeting for any feedback relative to the 2024 Mardi Gras route or any feedback that the administration and council should take into consideration for a Mardi Gras 2025 and beyond. And also being tabled this evening is a gen item 7.2, Claire Morley requesting a variance that's being requested to be moved to April at the requesters request, I guess. I don't know if that sounds right. And then I think I just have those two modifications this evening. Mayor Lachemig. I want to make a motion to expand the agenda for item 7.8 for Dan Hart's request of variance to allow a reduction in the garage setback from 25 foot to 20 foot for a lot of 36 of sable south subdivision. Okay, we have a motion to amend the agenda in a second by council member Romero. Agenda expansions must be voted on by the members of the city council prior to the expansion of the agenda. The purpose of this expansion is for a setback reduction so that the homeowner can proceed with his construction plans. We have another variance for that same neighborhood on the agenda this evening. So a mischievous please call the vote for the expansion. All in favor, explain to approve. All right, thank you, council. We'll add that to other business. As well. So all right, to begin the meeting, we'll go ahead and advance to agenda item 3.2. Chief Louvierre is recognizing youngs will police officers this evening. So chief, I'll turn the floor over to you, sir. Coming into this department in August, I had two main focuses. One of them was to strengthen our leadership and the other was not only staff our department, but the staff it would quality candidates. Anybody can hire people. But to get quality people that share the same values as your leadership is a difficult thing these days. That being said, I started with the department that was five short. Anybody who's ever worked in law enforcement or a first responder department knows that that's tough. It's tough to be that short on patrol on the streets and dealing with the things we deal with. Happy to say we're down to two shortages now with pending applications. We're doing well. We've hired three quality. With that being said, I wanted to recognize some of the current quality employees that we already had that have just been doing great things for our community. The first letter of accommodation after night is for Sergeant Louis and Andrew and officer J. Bruce, who was unable to be with us tonight. On January 2nd, 2024, the Youngsville Police Department responded to a report of a burglary at the red dot storage facility on Youngsville highway. Hunter, our officer found that numerous storage units had been burglarized with several items stolen within less than 40 hours. Sergeant Louis and Andrew and Detective J. Bruce are able to locate evidence and develop four suspects for the burglaries soon after two of the suspects were located and arrested on several counts of simple burglary. The other two suspects were listed in the rest of the room and the rest of the room was placed for their arrest. These detectives swift work and keen attention to detail that afforded them rap results in this case. The Youngsville Police Department is proud to have employees of this caliber working in our city and assisting our residents. Our city safety and that of our citizens is always paramount in the forefront of our mission. Sergeant Landry, you mind coming up? Thank you. Thank you. Congratulations, Sergeant. And Chief, thank you for the updates, sir. All right, a gin item 3.3. We do have an- Oh, I'm sorry. Yes. Please go right ahead. Officer Hardy can't be with this tonight. You're just getting on conflicts, but I'm going to read this one too. For those of you that know, Officer Joseph Hardy is a school resource officer at Youngsville Middle School. I read this one out real quick. During my short tenure as police chief, I have been approached by several citizens and listened to the praises of Officer Joseph Hardy who is currently assigned as a school resource officer at Youngsville Middle School. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry Danskville Middle School Resource Officer at Youngsville Middle School. I have been no less than 10 parents and family members who have spoken on the impact he's had on these children. Here is just one of the letters I've recently received from one of our citizens. I'm ready to let you know how thankful my family and I are to have Officer Hardy as our school resource officer. He's huge asset not only for Youngsville Middle School but our community as well. Our world has come too often to dislike and distrust police. Officer Hardy has known these kids and he's not only, excuse me, worther their trust but a protectors well. Our daughter unsolicited told us how he is very kind and cool. We asked if she'd feel safe going to him in emergency and it was a resounding yes. I hope you can let Officer Hardy know how blessed we feel to have met our school. If all police officers are aware of incredible and professionalist, here's our society we'd be much better for it. Today I want to recognize Officer Hardy for his hard work, caring attitude towards the children. I think we can all agree that in the world, in this world we hold important to us, our children and my four-hour greatest asset. And I for one and thankful that they are involved in our environment. I'm very grateful to Officer Hardy for making the positive impact on our lives daily. Thank you, Mayor. It's outstanding. I was at Ernest-Skeller recently and got to see our young school middle and saw Officer Hardy there in action. So thank you for sharing the great things happening in the department. All right. Jen, I'm 3.3. We do have an election coming up and early voting is underway. So I'm very grateful to you for having me. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you. And early voting is underway. So Todd East is here to announce his candidacy for the Republican State Central Committee Member District 23F. And then also the RPEC Republican Parish Executive Committee Member District 3. So Mr. East, welcome. Thank you. Good evening. And thank you for let me speak today. My name is Todd East. I'm married to Annie. We're a long time residents of Youngsville, like my parents were. We're both conservative Republicans. I'm running for RPEC. District 3. I'm also running for Republican State Central Committee. District 23F. I have a bachelor's degree in math and business. I also have courses in constitutional law. My mind was in theology. Leadership and services always been in my family. When I was a young student, I was a young student. I was a young student. I was a young student. I was a young student. I was a young student. I was a young student. I was a young student. When I was a young man, I traveled throughout the world working for international charities, like USA Aid. I also worked in Lafayette and Kate Interpairsch and Youngsville for charities. And I also worked for Salvation Army, Pairs Proud and local charities. I have always, and we will always support youngsville. Youngsville has been in my heart. It has been my parents heart for many, many years. And I want to ask you for your vote. Please for your vote March 23rd. Thank you. Thank you, Todd. Best of luck to you. Thank you. And early voting, I think is through Saturday, right? Saturday. Okay. All right. Well, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. All right. agenda item 4.1 is approval of the February 8th, 2024 regular meeting minutes. Motion by Ms. Barres. Seconded by Council Member Bull Giano. Are there any comments or questions for members of the council? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment. Miskeedry, please open the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thanks, Nicole. 5.1 approval of the January 2024 finance report. Motion by Mr. Romero. Seconded by Ms. Creed. Council, any comments or questions? Is there any public comment or question? Okay. Hearing none, miskeedry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, miskeedry. Preliminary plat's part of this meeting at 5.45. We heard the proposed subdivision of about six and a half acres on Stimammatory Parkway near Ascension. High to be subdivided into four smaller tracks. We took public comment at that time. So it's now a four council consideration for the subdivision. It seems to remember. I'd like to make a motion to approve preliminary plat for Paradise Plaza located in section 12 with the amendments to this for a right in right out drive. Minimum of 75 feet from the current Ascension High School entrance. As well as a letter of dedication, servitude for private with individual detention for each lot. With cross grain of easement dedicated to the western health fall. Who the property? Good pan. All right. Motion by Councillor Romero. And a second by Mr. Volgiano. Any comments from the council? All right. No comments from the council. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Are Ms. Champagne. I'm sorry. Do you have a question, ma'am? No. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Ms. Gidry. All my favorite motion approved. All right. Thank you. And, Jimmy, thank you. And please tell your client. Thank you as well. We know we have one restaurant earmark for the site. So we're excited to see them. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Other business 7.1 is appointment to the young soul of municipal police civil service board representing the governing authority seat for three year term. There was advertisements from the clerk's office and for consideration this evening before the council is there's two finalist. Mr. Jacob Held. And also, Mr. Volgiano. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And thank you to the two finalist, Mr. Jacob Held and also Mr. Alfas Rangai. And it's up for the, up for council action this evening. Yes. Okay. Would you? Yeah. Sure. Yeah. If top- if Mr. Rangai, would you mind coming in? And then we'll give Mr. Hull the same opportunity maybe just to say hello. So I'm I'm going to the council. My name is a outfit's run guy. I saw this post came in and a lot of people asked me to say hey you think that's that's something that you want to do. So you know I moved to Young's Rail in 2011. I came in I was working on a show I came in from Alaska. There was a place for rent. My wife didn't tell me where it was. I woke up from a nap coming from from New Orleans Airport. I got the red I fled out of Alaska. So I woke up I saw a house in Young's Rail in the ASCII drive. I said okay we'll take it you know. Sometimes you have to go by faith and not by thinking too much. Best decision ever. Yes. So I've been I've had a lot of opportunities to move to Houston in different places but my heart isn't Young's Rail my kids were born here. So we ran through a lot of 40 in Young's Rail and it's been better since then you know. Be rare what you pray for you know in 2016 I was I was praying to remodel my home and a flood came. So you know just prepare for it may not be over yet I wanted it but it made it stronger. I'm maybe was a stronger our community is stronger. A lot of good development has happened. I've had to talk with the mayor by floods and and you know I haven't had any water since. My kids have a little stress on when it rains but other than that the water comes up and it goes down so that's a good thing you know. So but I'm here to you know I do like you support on that. A little story about why I went to the Civil Board my dad passed away in January this year and many years ago my dad planted churches and we went to Illinois to plant a church and my dad he had bought a piece of property and one of his friends uh one of former we broke the house down and the cup came and rested him even though it wasn't him and his friend said no no no it's not him but long story short that cup had a lot of issues and they tried and they failed and you know the city come to find out my dad the farmer he became a member of the City Council. He was the mayor he was a treasureer he became a councilman and just by the support that he had he was able to take the issue that was affecting the community a lot of people didn't want to do it so I have a little soft spot in my heart to serve uh I do a lot of serving the community in terms of church I do I run actually I got a Bible study going on my house tonight uh I told my freedom brothers I will be at the city hall that's their prayer for me and prayer for the council and prayer for the city um so I do appreciate your your consideration and I hope I can serve this community as well as you have served us thank you thank you so much mr. hell good evening to y'all it's good seeing thank you for having me here um just a little bit about me I've lived here almost 26 years eight come April families lived here that I've married into the CMOS for their whole life um been part of uh the parish council it's uh St. Anne's under father Buu under and served under father Muton uh I also served as a capital camp campaign committee that they have right I went off their the church so it's been a pleasure doing that part um I've had the opportunity to be on the Lions Club for almost two years uh and it was a joy of that civil part of being in Young'sville so um uh just an opportunity to be here I've had a lot of diversity ethics training and just uh to my leadership at my job um and I'm just looking forward to give back to my community and be part of it because it is a great great city and I'm just thinking of the opportunity so thank you mr. hell thank you for uh all the work with for everything but for the work with the church because I think anybody that's been part of that capital campaign deserves a pat on the back is that congratulations that's great um a mr. Romero mara for me uh thank you both for putting your name up uh mr. Held was someone who I'd uh encouraged to put his name up for this so uh I'm gonna make a motion to appoint mr. Jacob L to the uh Young'sville Municipal Police Civil Service Board all right thank you mr. Romero miss Barra's set of second okay so we have a motion in a second uh for mr. Held are there any other nominations okay um mischiedry please uh vote on the nomination of mr. Held to fill the vacancy on the civil service board hall and favor congratulations mr. Held congratulations and mr. Held I know this won't be the last time we see you continue to stay active in the community and we sincerely appreciate you putting yourself up uh to serve and uh certainly other opportunities will present themselves and uh if it's okay with you we'll keep your name top of mind for other opportunities on committees as they come available so thank you so much sir all right mr. Held to join the item 7.3 mr. Wayne brusard is requesting a rear setback variance to encroach the 10-foot setback easement outline in section 105 33 for an accessory building located at 113 Philcress Parkway um let's see I know mr. brusard is here right yes sir mr. brusard um council what's your pleasure I mean I'm happy to handle it as however you see fit so mr. amera mayor I know I don't know about the other three council members that myself and miss kree did go out and visit it with mr. brusard the other night uh from my understanding and what I'll bring back what I found out was essentially uh ask contractor whose license everything rated on angios lists very high to come out contractor said I'll go ahead and put the permit in for you mr. Wayne came home from work for some reason uh I guess he had a good feeling it sounds like or spiritual moment that he should have been home in uh concrete's port and curing already uh sounds like from what uh Garrett said in the permitting department it's a two-foot variance that we're asking for on the setback uh if you don't know where this property is it is on the side of earnest gallette uh floodway waterway I think behind them where we can't develop anything in that property after the drive when you're looking at an earnest gallette yeah so uh it's an older neighborhood neighborhood too so you have a lot of homes that have a lot of concrete in the backyard as well but uh the good thing is I will say this most residents don't know they have to get a permit I know we talked about that as much as you'll put it out they just don't know but he did have the common sense and uh making sure he's doing the right thing and made them stop doing anything further so there's no building there yet and uh he has been working with k-line Garrett and I think he's just at an impasse right now but I don't know anybody else has seen anything yeah uh Matt I'll concur with what you said I had a chance to speak to Mr. Wayne earlier this morning uh he sent me some photos and whatever everything and kind of ran me through the process and what exactly happened um I know that our ordinance uh normally wouldn't uh go here to this but most of these homes in this neighborhood were built far before that ordinance had been developed and expanded um I personally don't have I don't have an issue with two footies messed up back um I don't know if anyone else had a chance to go I didn't have a chance to personally go see it but I didn't see the photos and uh and have the drawing sent to me I did have one question um I did go out pass in front and and you can see on both sides nothing behind you and I was told it was a floodway behind so it's really not an issue for me I guess my question is if we ever do have to go there would we be able to if if and I know his neighbor has concrete I think pretty much their fence um would we have permission or be able to as a city if we needed to break up that concrete and do whatever we needed to do so mr. Wayne you welcome to come up just you can use the microphone um so the what's that question here is we have no easement in this along that back property line oh we don't no so what this is we this is a this is simply and conflict what not simply but it's in conflict with our with our setback requirement I mean setbacks are for for various reasons I mean what we look at particularly when it comes to this is really when neighborhoods are prepared for uh drainage mitigation it's really just how much impervious surface is in the is on the lot um you know one home is not going to throw it off typically but what what what one home could do you know in the aggregate the entire development if everybody had nothing but concrete of course it's an issue what one home could do if it's not placed properly and if there's not drainage mitigation you know like gutters or something I mean or some sort of drainage plan I mean you could adversely affect drainage on the neighboring properties I I don't see that as the issue here uh the the I think it's unfortunate you know what happened to you there was enough room in your yard it would have been it would have we would have worked with you to get it approved properly um the reason I asked you to come or our administration asked you to come was just to for the right way to do it was to have a uh uh uh a variance because you're requesting to encroach that rear setback so we don't have any need to be back that we don't have any usements so we have no business back there anywhere that's just when we review site plans permitting is really just looking to make sure in this case that um that permitting parish inspections would be going out to ensure that the structure is being built to the applicable building codes and then before it gets to that point permitting really just looks to make sure there's no setback issues and then typically the other thing that we also do in developments that have homeowners associations we just ensure that there is uh approval from the homeowners association and likewise we'll send it to them to make sure that it may agree and we have that yes sir we we want to make sure that agrees like architects really or whatever you know however the neighborhood's choosing a self-government themselves so great question um as far as but there there'd be no reason for us to you know and this is I would say probably a unique piece of property because it backs up to a driveway and in the staff of school that's been there over 20 years so you know we the site conditions of the surrounding area are established so I don't personally see the risk I just you know out of respect for the ordinances that you put forth this is the proper venue for it to be properly documented in the event that someone raises questions in the future as to why something was built in the setback with regards to the neighbors I mean you know I know you've lived there a lot you know for a lengthy time the neighbors may have as well I've been there I transferred back from Houston after several years in the industry there 49 years total in the old industry I've been in that home 26 years so I'm vested in you know I'm not going anywhere I help people's house here yeah you did a beautiful job that you know it's beautiful I would like to visit it under you know better circumstances it's I'll take a tour someday it's your house you're always welcome yeah thank you but um I think I shared this with Matthew the other day because this is a unique situation I'm not going anywhere and no one's going to live in that 20 by 20 I'm building it after 26 years because I'd like to get my garage back yeah and so it's just going to be for storage and I shared this with Matthew the other day I'm prepared to sign a document for the City of Youngsville that if and when anything is developed back there I'll tear it down perfect yeah no the only thing that we don't it's going to live in it's just going to be for storage sure and that's great look we we nothing gives me greater satisfaction than the see people improving the property and things like that we just try to be cognizant of the neighbors and I agree there's no there's no impact here speaking of beautifying the property I'm a proud fellow I do it right I'm known for doing it right Matt you've been out there some of the council members have been out there I paid each of the contractors in advance something you don't normally do I don't normally do it but I had a good feeling and I was excited to get this building done I've got over $20,000 paid out and all I have is this slab but now after several months should have been in before Christmas yeah but I was following the process as soon as I saw what had happened I shut it down and I called the City of Youngsville the Home Owners Association and I called Angie and my rep in by the way you Jan the Angie at any opportunity they stood behind me they not only a band of this contractor I'm not gonna say who it is you probably some of you know who it is my now but he let me down and I trusted him for the permit because I had no experience with it in his words he says Wayne I'll take care of it I do this all the time and when I came home from work three or four days later after I wrote the check and committed okay everything was poured as you mentioned earlier and I shut it down and I said did you get the permit that quick he said no I didn't have a chance to do that but I wanted to pour this slab before the heavy rains moved down I started bleeding through the ears you know and I lost it and I told I just told them to leave my property and of course I contacted all the necessary people but I have matching shingles 30-year shingles that I prepaid for and $15, $1800 worth of shingles you saw the pallet in the front yard and I've got the paint to go with it I did all the necessary things I needed to do to do it right you know and I'm gonna stucco it if you folks approve it or I'm eventually gonna stucco it to match my home so I'm doing it right sure I just want to make that clear because I just want to point out I know he's drawing does say six feet so I asked Garrett about that there's two fences behind his property the six foot goes to his wooden fence there's another property line of another two feet so that's so it is a two foot variance we are making not even that is the same sense the same I just want to in case this comes up when he does his permit if we approve sure to make sure everybody's on same page and keep in mind if you folks will approve this for me and answer my prayers I'm willing to sign a statement and put it on file I'm not going anywhere after 26 years I'm vested in Youngsville so if and when the you know something is developed back there which I doubt Youngs you know the school is gonna be that's one of the reasons I bought that home just to come home and hear those kids playing yeah you know it's just it's perfect for me so anyway I'm prepared to do that okay more we appreciate need that document a lot to be a motion to grant two foot variance all right it's a motion to approve that the encroachment for the rear setback by mr. Boljana second by mr. Romero just to make one comment so this would be simply for the location the placement encroaching this setback you know if we start the you know if we do follow the permitting process I mean it's we won't be able to do any type of inspection you know on on the slab so that may be where the inspection group may just want to get some sort of you know hold harmless or something from you there because it's kind of hard to expect what they can't see so by the way I showed you the anchor boats the other day when you came out that's another reason why this this contractor is not a four and a half to five store after I got through with the step with the survey by Angie he dropped a half store one store they banned him nationwide so anyway um I was gonna say I got there in time the cement was still wet and the the the aspects you know the blueprint called for anchor boats to be every 26 to 28 inches this contractor had sporadic anchor boats and I caught that immediately the cement was still wet that were given in a few minutes before they'd work it and again I was bleeding through the ears and eyes so I made them get extra anchor boats and secure you know the correct amount of anchor boats around the perimeter you got it well it sounds like you got that in time otherwise this slab would have probably had to be drilled or broken up at my expense yeah because he refused to work with me so I Angie cutting loose yeah all right well thank you mr. Bruce is there any other council comment or any any public comment part of the vote okay if there's no additional public comment misgivier please call the vote on encroachment in the rear setback all in favor motion approved right so yeah thank you and absolutely thank you appreciate him so best of luck don't finish in your project sir right agenda item 7.4 I had the pleasure of meeting mr. Eddie Reggett he's interested in bringing commercial development to our community he's here with his architect mr. Beasley this evening and similarly they're well different circumstances but they're also requesting a setback variance to encourage the 10-foot setback easement outlined excuse me I've skipped ahead there to request a setback variance as well as a variance to the land use regulations as requested in the attached letter for a strip mall located at 615 Lafayette Street they Pam's joined me with my meeting but they've also Pam's also met with mr. Reggett in his group on at least one occasion previous to that council their request is in front of you what they're really looking for this this subject property if you're looking at family dollar on young zohaway this is just to the right of it it's been on the market for a while and it backs up arts in front of excuse me toy box storage which is a rear storage for outdoor storage facility and Pam and I really sat with him to work with him to try to get the maximize the usable space so that way we can have a nice product into commerce as soon as possible so happy to answer any questions as I mentioned the the the developers here but I think it's teed up for you pretty good in the in the council packet if you have any questions absolutely mr. Reggett serve with jimman coming up or are mr. Beasley both of whomever mr. champon is the are you yeah yeah yeah so I'll tell you just a little bit about the about the project if you like and then chime in it's what they're looking to do is saw some of their work in a neighboring community it's a strip center it's a strip center that and I'm sorry I don't remember like at least four bays maybe 1500 square feet 10 bays even better perfect so the the the decisions were really you know we're improving that roadway so there's a road widening corridor there's an enhanced road widening easement there's a rear setback easement so we're just really just trying to get them maximizing their usable space the rear the rear property as as y'all know is already spoken for an it's an outdoor store so what what we're requesting you to do tonight is really to wave to relax the land use ordinance with all due respect to mr. Giger that's in the office in the audience that helped me ride it 11 years ago but you know it's all about really the land use ordinance is really just to make sure that you're mitigating any conflict next to the neighbors that a valper understands the intention the architect understands the intention but it's an outdoor storage facility that where there's really going to be minimal impact which is why Pam and I were comfortable recommending if the reduction to a five foot setback there which would have to be able to accommodate drainage drainage is already taking care of on this property so it is another development ready site and yeah misshaun pine I'm sorry I started talking but I didn't hmm any prospects mr. Rage for this for this building for the tenants yet you mean any any prospects no matter what the building 100% speculated right now it'll it'll be running fast I hope so let's see um Mr. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm rights thank you handy how many how many bays you said it was I'm sorry that 10-day 10-bays and I'll are you going to allow the tenants to conjoin bays if I guess the business come in I'm sorry if the business wants to move in you're going to allow them to have more than this one day whether it be one sweet two sweets three into one kind of that concept are you going to respectfully more and keep them separate no no we'll look at every situation independently but you know yeah we put a lot of it. Has there been any conversations with toybox? Or are they aware of it? I guess at least that there'll be a further setback. I have I have not had any. I mean, but you don't say I mean there's no you're not seeing any issues. I don't think you can hear me. Okay, normally we would want 10 because of the whole drainage but they already toybox already took care when when Mr. I guess Burley developed it. He had already put some catch basins and some pipes and then has the detention pond that's behind family dollar. So for lack of a better term they can plug and play into that collection system and then there's no the detention that's all behind family dollar. So what we normally have our you know our back setback is for us not to drain on the property but the way it's it was actually designed is for the property to drain to the back to that collection system to the detention pond. So this five foot is basically for them to be able to maintain the grass in between the because there's already a fence there that the toybox. So and it's part and this is one of the lots that of that development. Miss champagne. What about traffic? Will it be right in? We did discuss that that they're going to have access so he's going to have that whole lot so there is access at principles list and if they wanted another any other access they'd be allowed one is what we discussed right in right out. So the so they so they can someone can go across because he's got the whole parking lot. So if they want full turning movements they'll have to go to the little side street of principles list which is how that was all developed. So of course that was all part of one development and then and then on the setbacks I can honestly say this is probably maybe one of two properties or parcels that you have anywhere in young so that has two setbacks. So there's there's an in hand there's a road widening setback and then another enhanced which is why when they asked for the 10 if you actually bought that much property on all the remaining parcels that you would have to widen I wouldn't have the money to be able to widen highwaying that much. You know what I mean I didn't see when they asked they had with if they was just wanted to be one thing but they've got two which is that 47 feet total and you already have a whole lot of either side or the back so that's correct that's right. They would be taken. So you have the road the private access road in between them and the daycare they have the storage in the back and then they have family dollar. So family dollars open late storage open you know so they meet all the requirements of even if they had you know a restaurant or boutique or whatever everybody else around them can go so that's why we felt that there was not going to be a problem with the five foot and not having an issue of extra barriers between them. Mayor the property I would like to motion to approve. All right thank you motion by Miss Shumphine second by Mr. Romero's any further council comment or discussion any public comment? If there's no public comment misgidory please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. Thank you. Thank you. If you need anything else Mr. Regan Adam let us know we want you to clear all the all you do diligence so. Thank you ma'am. All right thank you sir appreciate you. All right 7.5 Chad and Jessica Broussard are requesting a variance to allow a reduction of their garage set back from 25 to 20 feet for a lot 53 of sable south council this is a exciting development for me and I'm sure for you as well this is the newest phase the sable palms that we've that the developer has coin sable south that there's I think 80 or 80 ish lots in this particular development we recorded the final plot on February 29th they've met all the requirements to fulfill the development standards for development in the city of Youngsville. The developers been outstanding to work with Mr. Broussard. The understanding is of the 80 ish lots that have come into the market with this development I think he's told me all but maybe four or five of them are are spoken for have local builders that have ear marks on them to develop and we we have a couple of custom home plans that we have received in the permitting office that were specifically designed for these lots assuming that it would be a 20 foot front setback the developers reviewed and approved the request as reasonable and I have done the same as well so it's for your approval this evening. Mr. Romero. I'd like to go in motion to approve the variance for the Broussards to allow the setback from 25 to 20 feet for lot 53 and say what's up. Thank you Mr. Romero. Miss Jean-Pine. Second. All right thank you ma'am. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? All right. No public comment. Miss Gidjard please call the vote. Miss Jean-Pine. Miss Jean-Pine. Call and favor motion approved. I didn't give you a chance to speak but thank you for all the the building that you do in our community. You all have been great great builders in our area it gives us a lot of pride to see local builders continue to take down lots in our community and in this case to build a home for themselves so thank you for the investment in Young'sville and we look forward to to to getting the plans pushed to the approval for you so you guys can get started thank you. Thank you. All right. That's all right. Let's see. Nicole are we going to 7.6 or are we adding which one was the expansion? Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. The process is to consider a menu to 2023, 2024 fiscal budget in the amount of $933,122.32 cents to reappropriate the American Rescue Plan Act, ARPA funding from the highway 92 improvements sidewalk drainage and lighting project to the 2024 road improvements project. Motion. All right. Motion by council member Boljano and a second by councilmembarez. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment? No public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. 7.7 is consider a request to amend the Young'sville Police Department budget in the amount of $48,000 plus benefits to provide funding for an additional first year sergeant position for the Young'sville Police Department. I know chief Louvierre has provided some information in your packet. I'll certainly turn the floor over to him if he has any further comment or we can open it for council discussion. Let's see. Why don't we start with councilman Sean Pine? Thank you, Mayor. I have some questions. Excuse me. Is this a promotion from within? Are you hiring another person? So to promote a sword, you have to promote from within with civil service. So they have to go from the pool of candidates that's dictating my civil socials. So the promotion will be from within. And I know that we've been short. Yes. We've been short. So you're getting ready to hire some new patrol officers? So yes, like I said earlier, we were five short when I started. We have me three quality hires and last of which starts on Monday. We only have two more vacancies that we're we're. So promoting from within will that cost cost you to have another opening? We will have to feel that spot as well. And what's what will be that. That that point who what what what. What position does that person have now not patrol? It's not a patrol officer. So you're going to promote this this position. At this point, they'll probably be a patrol. It we don't have any exact person that we're going to be there. We're still working on the dynamics of it. But we it is going to be from within the department. So you still have to come back and get another. That'll feel that you still have to feel enough. That's correct. This is appropriate $48,000. So I guess my questions for Catherine. Catherine 48,000 would be salary. Yes. So do you have a exact cost of what the what this position will cost? Because I know we have amperes, which is 36% and I in June, I think it's going up to 30. It's 33. It's going up to 36 and June. So almost 36% for amperes. Social security is 6.5%. We have costs for insurance. Do you have a total cost on what this budget item is going to be? This is going to be close to about $75,000. Wouldn't you think without without without uniforms and training? Will they need any other training to be so urgent? It takes this spot. No. Because if we have people with with the experience already that we won't have to pay for any training. The base salary of 48,000. So we have a total of $8,000. Impers 33.9 currently. Yeah. Is that correct? 16. Social security is 6.2 is what it's currently, which is $2,900. I believe my math insurance. Cope is $485. HSA is $420. So that's kind of the numbers on that. It will be close to about $770. Between $70 and $75,000. Both. I can send like the exact number of. Total cost. I'm trying to get a total cost for an employee. I'm trying to get a total cost for an employee. I'm trying to get my benefits. The person that you have, that you're going to promote into this position. Do you know what the salary is now? I'm just trying to get a difference in pay. I'm not sure exactly what their year experience breaks down on the scale. probably about five o'clock. Okay. Going to leave. All right. Thank you. I have this outfit right now. All right. Thank you, Ms. Champagne. I'm sorry. Okay. Mr. Volgiana. Sorry. Catherine, the regardless of the funds with its $40,000, $75,000, is that funds that we're going to be pulling from the within their budget or is that going to be pulled from the general fund to surplus that current budget? That would be currently from the police budget. I mean, we're not fully staffed as it is right now with the police. So if they were fully staff, we'd have to allocate for that additional. But right now we're not fully passed. Okay. So I guess if he fails those other positions at that point, we'd have to revisit. We'll look at that during budget time. Okay. And she did you did we already feel the open sergeant's position that was open from. Yes, sir. I'm actually. Tettle Vinny Landry was promoted a few weeks ago. Okay. I knew the promotion. That didn't correlate which position which where who wins or what. So I was just trying to ask. Mr. Romero. I think that's the point. Yeah, chief, I appreciate you taking the time to the press to talk. Absolutely. No, we talked at length. I think. And I wanted to express that. I understand the need. From your standpoint. But what concerns me is. A couple of things is that you know seven months for now we have an election. We don't know who our chief of police is going to be. I understand you're running. I understand there's probably three maybe four of the people running. One of the things that I recall from the sheriff's report is. The question in staffing. Not the people but the amount of. Positions and what's doing what. On top of that. I don't I think it's somewhat irresponsible of for myself. I'm not going to speak for the council to support this right now. And I got to be careful how I word this but I would almost suggest. I'm just. A tabling this till November when the election. Is finalized or December that away. Yourself or whoever. Is elected by the people of youngs will. Has that opportunity to decide if that's the staffing position they want. Or if they're maybe wanting something else. Because as you know as you stated it's civil service. So once that position is approved by us. Yes, it'll be a minimum amount for the next three months in this budget. Year but it's going to drastically go up and miss jump on. It averages about 25 to 30,000 above this pay. Get their own impers with everything else from what I've experienced over the last several years. So we're probably looking about 75 80,000 dollars after training. In the next budget year which. Not having everybody stack we can afford that but I think. If we're going to do this right I do think a newly elected chief of the people should have that opportunity to decide if it's what they want. Yourself whoever it might be. And that is no knock on yourself. I mean we appointed you to do a job that you're doing and. I just. I conflicts with a lot of things that we talked about over the last several months. Let me clarify on the training park. We have people within the department that are already trained in this. So they won't be sent any specialized training or anything over and above that. We pull them from our training budget or anything else. It'll just be a move into the position and transition to a supervisor position taken over. And splitting these multitude of duties that this one person is currently taking on. Miss champagne. I'm sorry I had another question. How many sergeants do you have right now in the department only one. Over that section. No total. The department. I've broken down I think everything else but that four patrol soldiers sorted over this row and that sort of traffic and one in. About seven. So you have seven patrol. Seven short sergeants for each patrol shift. No one patrol. Yeah. Well, that's. That's around the department. One sergeant per patrol. Right. Which is standard for every department. We calculate employees differently I guess because you're saying you only have 30. How many employees. We have 30 hour. Our row show you have 41 paid payroll employees right. Right 35 or 34 currently five civilian and two. Right but the five civilian that's office staff. Yes. Correct. Okay. And it is a different dynamic for most because you know we have to have one supervisor on the road for patrol shift to managing incidents that occur. That you're your detective supervisor is very specialized in what they do. And the manpower hours they put in on the cases they work in the things that they do in that section. So it's different than most jobs where you have a supervisor that manages all these people that are doing the same thing the functions are drastically different. The requirements are drastically different. Thank you. Ms. Boris. How many sergeants have you had in the past is this the lowest you've ever been have you had more. And I know you're new but like past. Cheese. How are we. On sergeants currently were full on sergeants with this is an added sergeant spot. Maybe I'm not understanding the question. Have you ever had more than seven sergeants in the police department. I mean I've been here since all because not since I've been here this is this is cool. I didn't think you would know it. Yeah. Okay so we can't basically judge apples to apples. We don't know what's on pass. Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah maybe I guess clarification so they have you three shifts. You have you have a day they crew in a night crew per shift. So you got two sergeants per patrol shift. We have sergeant over detectives also handles correct not only those two detectives in the most two cases that they handle and the hours of manpower they put in every day but also that same sergeant currently handed seven resource officers that deal with all the schools and communicates with LPSO because they run the school resource program. Correct. And then after next year Arca is going to be requesting another S or their school because they're opening their high school so that's going to be another school resource. I mean eight school resource plus the two tactics that they're all over currently with that one supervisor. Well I guess I guess maybe just some comments from our fellow members. I have two things one being after going through the last 12 months of the denefied that some serious issues along with that report was that the same individual in charge of the investigative crime itself was also in charge of the evidence. So I do think it's responsible in ourself to kind of maybe reflect back on some of that and note that we need to have a separate do you are someone separately in charge of both of those where we're not. I thought really protocol and other agencies in the area. And the second thing is that we approved a police department budget and this currently fits within his budget. So for me if that's what he wants to fulfill the position with use the money for that so be it. And if he wants to have officers in the future and that's going to cost for money well he knows that now and then that'll have to come back to us in the future but it currently fits within his budget. So I'm not going to I personally'm not going to book the system if he feels that it's needed now. And if it's within his budget that so be it and then we'll we'll address the addition of the the salaries of future sellers in the future. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, I do understand where you coming from, Mindy. I think that we have to be very proven with all departments within our city. I think the most important thing that we can do right now is make sure that you have the patrol that you need. Which you do in one food job of trying to hire really have a big concern about promoting people within the department or even bringing them in from outside right now. And at this at this time because we know we need those patrol officers and I'd hate to say I hate to see people having a lot more work a burden than what they have. But did I want to access this question did the audit tell you you needed to have more people to segregate those jobs. The Lindy had mentioned that we needed segregation really basically what he's saying is we need to segregate the duties right. You need to have a sergeant over so so so what he's doing so did the audit say you had to segregate the legislative our audit our internal audit that we do every year you know they give us recommendations for our departments. Was that one I want to segregate you do this last year. No and I wasn't a plan that was set in there I was just saying that that's just not really protocol in other agencies. That'd be like the mayor being the same person who cuts the checks as well as the plan you can't have the same person approving right. I was just I was just implying that it's not really customary to have the same person investigating the crime and then also the custodian of the evidence because that's kind of how we want up in the position we were in. I was just saying that that might you know it was stated anywhere. Yeah no and I agree with that I mean that you have conflicts when you have an evidence person over evidence and then a detective I completely agree with that are those people sergeants. What people the ones the detectives are detectives are not sergeant but understand because we talk about segregation duties so what I'm trying to get at is. Well to Lindy's point he's saying you have to segregate such as evidence people with evidence I agree with that you don't have a detective over the evidence but we talk about a sergeant right now that's in charge of multiple people they are but this is the dynamics of our department. We are a small department we're not like a large agency like the LPSO that has everybody delegated to every different section so the way we're set up in our department we have two detectives and we have a sergeant with detectives but because there's only two of them they have to be on call. Knights they take calls throughout the week every day someone is on call so that detective sergeant also rotates call with these two detectives so that way they're not on call 24-7 between just the two of them which puts him in a position where times he may have to work cases also or he may get something or both of them are tied up on on the case that they're working viewing hours of footage for a burglary he may have to jump in and do something which is where the conflict comes in as him being an evidence because so even possibly having to collect it to pick up to assist them. How many active cases are they working on right now? I don't know exactly what you do have about it. Every day we're taking reports and they're taking in more cases so it varies on a daily basis what they close what they have opened some are suspended for the time being and may not be suspended tomorrow if we get a new tip or something else to run on. So that varies on a daily basis. Okay. Thank you very much. Yes, ma'am. I'll make a motion to amend the police budget for these sergeant's position. Motion on the floor of Mr. Bulljiano to amend the budget for the YPD has requested is there a second? There's no second on the motion so fails for lack of a second. All right. Now I can do 7.8. Right, a genitum 7.8. Dan Hart to request a variance to allow a reduction in the garage setback from 25 feet to 20 feet for a lot 36 of sable south subdivision. Council, thank you for the for expanding the item on the agenda. I know we always try to be very careful about when we do this. This one has no fiscal impact and out of respect for the person that has submitted the house plans. I thought it made sense to hear it at the same time so that he can move forward with his new construction as well. I don't see Mr. Hart. I know he, oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Hart. Yes, sir. So Mr. Hart's here available and it's up for your decision tonight. Mr. Sean Hart. Yes, I have a question for Mr. Hart, please. If you don't mind. Thank you for investing in Young'sville. Is this going to be your personal home? Yes, ma'am. So you are billed to the right, your contractor. I've built a house in that subdivision. Not in that neighborhood. I recently lived in state of Palms, Phase 2, but I do build in Youngville. I'm building in Mosher, yes, of now. You don't anticipate coming before us for any other setback restrictions or requirements other than this one. And I'm okay with this one. I just granted one, I think, you know, when the plot was set, they went by the other ordinance. So I'm okay with this one. I just want to remind all my colleagues that we did adopt a room, a, I'll call it a council room, that we would not hear any of variances the night of a meeting. We'd have to have two days prior notice. In this case, we were already hearing one, but I just want to remind them that we do have that rule in place. That someone, anyone that wants a variance has to submit all the paperwork two days prior to the meeting so that we can look at it and evaluate it. So in saying that, I'll motion to move forward, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Mr. Champagne and Mr. Romero seconds. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment or just, okay, if there's no public comment, please give me a schedule. Please call the vote to allow the reduction of the front setback from 25 to 20. I'll embave our motion approved. Mr. Hard, thank you. I think we may have did Kayla was going to give you a call. She's had maybe a question or two about the pool, but she's I spoke with her. Okay, I'm not told I'll scrap the pool. I'm worried about the house. Well, we're about the pool later. Yeah, we certainly want you to have a pool. I think she was just trying to compartmentalize it because we were anxious. We were trying to get the max of what we could this far back yard, absolutely. And all that. It looks like it's it's a great plan and we're happy to see you invest and move to young. So so thank you and build many more. We hope so appreciated. So we'll make sure we communicate to Kayla and I'm sure she'll get you what she need in short order. Perfect. So all right. Thank you, sir. Thank you. All right. We're going to move on to resolutions resolution 8.1. A resolution of mending and approving permit and development fees for the city of young. So see Mr. Volgiano. Public emotion. Thank you, Mr. Volgiano. And there's a second by council member Romero. Is there any council comments or discussion? Is there any public comment? If there's no public comment, misgidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. We'll move ahead to genitom 8.2. Resolution 2020-04 resolution authorizing the reduction of commercial permitting fees through December 31st, 2024 to facilitate economic development. Motion by Mr. Romero and a second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any comment or question from members of the council? If there's no comment from the members of the council, have any public comment. If there's no public comment, misgidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Thank you, council. 8.3 resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of young. So enter into a wholesale water agreement with Lafayette City Parish Consolidated Government in Magnolia Utility Operating Company LLC for the purchase and resale of potable water. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. In a second by Mrs. Creed. Is there any council comment or question or discussion? Is this felony neighborhood with Magnolia? So let me tell you a little bit more about it. So what this is, this is something we've been working on for quite some time, actually. There's an unincorporated island in just outside our city limits, windy meadows, windy heights. It's on Bonan Road, just north of Feelcrest. They have been serviced by Tessie as their utility provider. As long as I can remember, Tessie has recently sold, as you may know, their assets to Magnolia. But during the time that Tessie operated the facility routinely, there was, you know, I won't speak to the water issues, but from the appearance of it, it was yellow. It appeared to have a lot of opportunity to improve. At the time mayor president Gielery and I got together, I believe I probably had a conversation with the council member Carlson at the time. Youngso has an eight inch water line that services straight down Bonan Road. One of our connection points is out of Baceter Caffery, so we have an eight inch water line coming in to feed our US wholesale customers. So we had some discussion. This is when Clint was still with this Pam was part of it, of course, Susan about, could we help these help these folks out? They have a youngso address, they identify with Youngso, I'm sure they shop in Youngso, they're not annexed. But frankly, I annexing that neighborhood really wasn't something that I personally was interested in, so I haven't brought it to you. And I don't know that they would have been interested. But now with this water line that we have on Youngso highway, what in essence this would do is provide a water meter to, for two Magnolia. And as a wholesale customer and then Magnolia in turn within service, the residents of windy heights and windy meadows. So Susan has indicated that I believe it's 200 homes off the top of my head was fine within our water modeling. So what this in essence does is it enables us to work with LUS to enter into an agreement because the standard right now as our wholesale water agreement we can't service anyone outside of our city limits. But they are part of the parish, I frankly see it as a little bit of a humanitarian call to, you know, so close to provide these residents with a better quality drinking water. So Magnolia has done the homework to get the paperwork straight. If this goes through what they would in essence do is cap off their connection with their well and their system be fed by the LUS wholesale line that services the city of Youngso, and we would take on one new customer and that would be Magnolia to service those residents. And we do have a similar agreement today with the out village phase two, which is south of Shimano, Gryab, the developer there had trouble getting water and years ago we did a similar arrangement in order to provide water for that development. Mr. Romero. I'm not calling because it's on there. Has there been any response to your email to the leadership at Magnolia from now relative to the issue or because it's on the. I know it might be unable for us to do it at this time, but yeah, fortunately, yeah, I haven't heard anything from them. Okay, thank you. Miss shop. Mayor, is that meter main meter at super one? Is that where the connection is? So our lines can handle it between super one and for that extra portion. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, Susan. Unfortunately, Susan couldn't be here with us this evening, but the first thing that we did as part of this conversation was we had Susan put in the area that's identified on the exhibit for you into her water model to ensure that we would be able to handle it. Pam. So the. Nine years ago, there was no, no, the eight inch wasn't coming down the whole way. So we have the eight inch, but it also connects to a 12 inch that's on fortune and then that fortune one connects to the 16 inch. So it's all interconnected now. And so we have a lot higher pressure and a lot more ability and plus that line also when it gets to field Chris crosses over and connects at Scheme matter as well. So we have a lot of interconnections that we didn't have nine years ago. And that's why when you put it in the model, there's such a high much higher pressure at the fire department area in that area, then there was nine years ago. Okay, but it's all it is it's not so it's coming off the eight inch, but the eight inch is interconnected with 12s and is also interconnected with 16s and then along ambassador, they also extended a line from Super one. So we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a lot of things that we have to do with the eight inch, but we have a little bit more information. As I know, we have capital-outletly dollars to handle the fortune, fairfield connection. It's under construction today working for the Bruce Hart side, working towards the round about project at Youngsoe Highway. On our side, they're doing a lot of the early work, which is really just making the dirt work, moving the dirt work that we've been stockpiling there from some of our drainage projects to make actually the pad that was authorized by some of the early work that we've already done. We're in the process of getting what's called concurrence from our facility planning director. This is a project that we're paying 25%, 25%, the stakes paying the other 75%. So, this resolution is a housekeeping item for our facility planning person to have updated record in this file. Mr. Boljana. All right, motion by Mr. Boljana. Second by Ms. Barrett. Is there any council comment or discussion in any public comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All right, thanks, council. That concludes the meeting, but we have some announcements. I think we can go through some of our projects, Pam, anything you'd like to share with the council, and then we'll move to Tim. Yeah. So, we've had two on the fortune. So, not only they do in the road bid for the fortune road extension, but they've started digging the detention pond so that they can start laying the drainage for the fortune road extension. So, that's part, that's also part of the early work. On your 2022 roadway improvements, we've completed the majority of our paving work. We're in the process of going back and doing some some driveways, doing some punchless items, some dress up. And we are working on your 2024 roadway improvement as the mayor said. That's going to include Balesco full depth patching on highway 89, NESPK, and a couple of other roads that, you know, as we're going to do it with the funding that you have, some of the ones that we did not, they were designed for 2022, but we separated them to say this is how much work we wanted to do for the 2022. So that's been put into your 2024. We plan to go out for advertisement in about three weeks and then so that work will start early summer. On, we've kind of been working on some alignments on what we call the Long Lane Road, Extension, Sheme Agriab, Dayton, and working with the utility owners and in particular slim co with regards to their power poles. We're moving forward with the detention pond on the Anselam, completing their H and H report and also, um, finalizing the survey that we needed to do up the channel. And then we submitted a, we on by on your behalf, we submitted a raised grant, uh, thanks to Nicole's complete dedication as, you know, we submitted about three hours before the, the deadline, but it was a lot of work and we, if we couldn't have done it without her. So we submitted on your behalf for the highway 92 widening that you have designed. Um, so fingers crossed, they, um, let you know in June. It's my understanding. Yes, it's in June and, um, because again, it's money that they want to get done quickly. They need, they want to encumber it by a certain point. And, um, you know, you guys hit all the buttons with sidewalks and the connectivity to the school and to a mixed use complex of commercial and, um, and also recreation not far. So, um, at least that's what I told them. It's out of really good, but, um, so we'll find out in June and, uh, let's see, I think that's, oh, and, um, on the Rivier road, what we had left to do is we've been working on your, the ride away that you have. So, um, we've, thank goodness we've actually found some old plots that actually showed you had more ride away than some of the more recent plots and you never gave up the ride away. So, we're good. And we want to make sure to be able to show that to D O T D. So, that's been a huge deal, um, just making all the importance on why we're so hard on when people submit plots and what we want on plots because there were some plots that kind of, they didn't do the due diligence. And so, people said there was a different ride away than that there really was. So, we had to go back to the 1950s and 60s. So, anyway, so that's, we're, we're going to submit that to them next week. We'll have a plan at hand for that and we're hoping to go to bid. I believe in June on the Rivier road because we'd like a contractor before September 30th awarded for this fiscal year. Yeah, so that, that project since it is, since it is eminent, this is South of Rivierre from Shim and Metterie to the Flash in Red Light. Uh, and it's going to be a widening of the road. It's raising the road near us the, um, Flash in Red Light that, that road has historically gone under water in certain high intensity rain events. When I saw that. Now that, yeah. So, now that that, now that we have the La Salle Regional detention ponds and that water, I should have some place to go, that road will be raised, uh, to facilitate a more, uh, flow underneath the road, raised wide and in a sidewalk from investment. Uh, is it just to the school or just sidewalk all the way to Shim and Metterie? The sidewalk is all, is to investment. Yeah. It's, well, investment to the school, investment to the school. Um, and it will be carbon gutter. So we'll be, uh, you know, closed drainage and, yeah, so we will replace the bridge with some large box culverts and then there's also a single pipe, um, that is near hill ridge or I think it's, maybe it's double. And we're going to replace that with box culverts as well. So, um, really trying to help facilitate the drainage safety for the, those that walk down the street and then just a more safer road and passable on the higher storm events. This, that, that project is going to be a transformational really for everyone that attends south side for anyone that travels that road. Um, you know, for, for the, for the council's benefit and for the public's benefit, you know, when southside high school came, I mean, I think it's fair to say that south, south of the Riviera road was really in deplorable condition about 2,200 feet of it was in the unincorporated area, which is, you know, obviously it's outside of our jurisdiction, but years ago, uh, Pam, you know, talked to me about let's, let's approach this from a grant perspective. So now this project is, is this one 75 or 80 for 80%. This one's 80%. So you pay 20%. You pay 20%. And then of that 20%. You should be getting 50% back from LCG. They had committed 50% because they have about 50% of it. So what we did there, I mean, you'll recall a couple of years ago, excuse me, was we did a, basically a five year overlay. We did a mill and overlay of that road that we anticipated would last about five years as an interim solution to get us until today until we can really see the grant come to fruition. So this is, this one's been in the queue for a long, long time. And I just, let me make a point about the, this, the 2024 road projects. This week we had a couple of potholes, if you will. I guess they came up around the tractor around about Guillard in, Guillard in Shem and Metery. As you all know, you all have authorized in our transportation plan. We have a roundabout design built. It's about 95% plans. I could have it completed probably in about a week. But in it's a really nice concrete roundabout, second circulating lane. And that was designed to accommodate all of the future growth that we know is coming south of Shem and Metery along Guillard Road. So we're talking mastery. We're talking about Mike Shams, these development, long Linnaeus states, long Linnaeus bridges states. But so in the interim, our public works team has done the best they can to do surface level patching that because of no fault of their own that we're having base failures there that have just surpassed really, you know, what normal surface level patching can do. I mean, you were called back in 2015, 2016 when we rebuilt Shem and Metery Parkway. We had significant base failures, but we didn't redo that roundabout at that time. So what am I talking about? What am I getting to? What am I getting to is we have a roundabout design that is going to take the place of this one. And I've been putting off really doing some permanent, what's called full depth patching of that intersection because I didn't want to put, you know, money down that we were going to be replacing and building over. But what we've decided to do, we've been trying to hit a lot of angles for funding of that double lane roundabout, state capital outlay, federal grants. We have some MPO money for our way, you know. MPO regional, we have a lot of grand opportunities. We're just trying to see really what fits in without design. What does that mean for you in the short term? In the short term as part of the 2024 road project that Pam just said that's going out to bid in three weeks. It's going to be the construction of the Lesco crossing, but it's also going to be the full depth patching of the guillot roundabout. When we're talking to the design team, they say whatever full depth patching you do in that guillot roundabout, when the permanent roundabout, or the, you know, the build out of Young'sville roundabout, comes to the intersection, we'll be able to work with that new existing base in those areas. So it's building off of it there. Similarly, I'm optimistic that hopefully we may have some dollars that are left over with that ARPA money that you just transferred to the 2024 road project. Not only paid for Velesco's construction for the full depth patching of guillot, but then also to really tackle Young'sville highway, hopefully is a milling overlay starting closer from this side to where like the areas that may be the worst, I don't want to get too ambitious, but near, like Griffin and Copperfield where we're seeing a lot of failures in that road. As you all know, the first phase of Young'sville highway is fortune north to Lujard and DeBel. So what we're optimistic that we can do is do a milling overlay of the existing two travel lanes, like from new news, moving towards fortune, and then similarly there, I didn't want to start doing that work if I didn't think we could build off of it when we widen that road. But in working with Pam's team, she said, what you're doing here is a milling overlay when we go to widen those sections near Copper Meadows, we can just build the out lanes on the outside. So I just wanted to give an update, man, that's how we're tackling it. You know, I don't like the failures that we've had at that track around about either, but we've really tried our best to, we were trying to get the end result. We have a roundabout design there. I just don't have all the funding in place, and that's because we're counting on a myriad of funding sources, just like with LaRiviaire, when we have the opportunity to get, only pay 20% of project, 20 to 25% of projects, I think it's worth, you know, really playing the grand game as best that we can, and trying to maximize our taxpayer dollars locally. So any questions for Pam about that? All right. Before Tim starts, I could say Susan wasn't able to be here, but I think the main event that I want that for everybody to know is the water plant is going to be out to bid later this month, and we've set May 1st as the bid date. I think it's May 1st where we'll be opening bids for that project. So real excited about finally getting the new water plant out to bid into the market. So Tim, anything for the council? Yes, Mayor thanks. Our sports YC baseball and softball, our league practices will begin on Monday, March 18th. The Bitty Basketball National Tournament finished this past Tuesday. Southside soccer and crew rush continue their practice and games on the weekends. Our spring adult beach league will begin next week. We just closed registration and we'll have roughly about 156 teams in the spring league. F and A football will start on March 25th. They have roughly 656 players there. This weekend, Cajun Elite will be having their indoor volleyball tournament Saturday and Sunday. With our partnership with Oshars and Lafayette General, Dr. Andrews spoke last week at the Rec Center on youth sports and youth sports injuries. And then the South East and Beach slam tournament. Women's volleyball tournament will start tomorrow morning at 9. The teams will practice in today from 1 to 6. It will be streamed by varsity sports now. But it is free to the public to attend. The schedule is on the sports complex Facebook page and online at youngsoatscomplex.com. Just quickly the 10 teams are South East and from Hammond, who's the host school, University of South Carolina, from South Carolina, Boise State, from Boise, Idaho, Houston, Christian University from Houston, Texas. We saw the Houston Christian bus going around the roundabout earlier. So the third collegiate tournament so far this year with two more scheduled in the next six weeks I believe. So very good stuff. So thank you Tim. Terry anything from anything else from the administration? All right any council announcements? I'm just going to couple of things. A couple of thank yous. First off Mr. Jacob Held appreciate you putting yourself up at the civil service board. Appreciate that and looking forward to working with you. I want to thank you for our current home builders here in youngsoat. We appreciate the investment. We know that's all your time and money and we appreciate you putting that back in the youngsoat and helping us grow our community to be the best today we can be. Want to commend our PD fire and public works for another successful mortgage operate. Terry has greeted a phenomenal job. I found that the placement put down a barricades this year before I had to fray was flawless. Not that it ever was but it was even better than it was last year. Not to mention the cleanup. I found that the instance this year handed with PD and the fire department were exceptional. Communication was great and was proud to have a successful one of the parade with our residents attending. Also I want to thank our commercial development or developers and businesses. We're not exactly the most economic incline and things are expensive with inflation. I know costs of new business these days is not cheap and easy but we greatly appreciate everyone investing in youngsoat so that our residents can enjoy the quality of life here. And lastly our chamber banquet is on April 9th at 6pm. The Youngsoat Sports Complex tickets are on sale on the chamber's website. It's going to be a great event with a host of Joe Grunig which was an exceptional last year. It was a great time so you'll come out and enjoy the night. And fire hydrant flow testing for the fire department is going to be going on the next two weekends. Just keep that in mind. All right. Any other council announcements Mr. Ramara? Yeah. The risk I know for the city cleanup beautification day is Saturday March 23rd. You know obviously we'll still meet at the Sugar Beach. Appreciate Tim and Terry and everybody else at Nell's to help out together and Angie. Hopefully you can get out. Still sign up on the website Facebook page and come out and just help pick up some of the minimal litter I think we have in Youngsoat. Keep it beautiful. Thank you sir. Miss Shampine. I just want to close and tell everyone happy Easter. All right. Thank you ma'am. Is there a motion to adjourn? All right. Motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Miss Shampine. All in favor say aye. No. Meeting adjourned thank you all so much and have a great evening.