list items. I mean, the chamber. We do have a lease with the chamber commerce at 307 I bury a street. There was some discussion internally about our seniors having perhaps a expansion of the senior program the meals on wheels program land in in Sally were really working on that. And I think we have a good plan in place with the VFW hall to be able to achieve that. So there was just a few items on our short list council and I talked about the food pantry, which I mean, Stephanie and I have we've interacted quite a bit. So I don't know, but I think it almost has to be a collaborative conversation about existing. And there's not many. We're talking about, you know, three, three buildings. So councilman, you were going to say something. Thank you. It's a beautiful building, Glenda. And a wonderful idea. So we thank you. And we love with the historic commission does for us. My questions are, how is your organization formed? Are you all a 501C for C3? Are you so you're not quasi government? We're 501C3. Have you ever looked at going into quasi government where you could enter into a public private partnership with someone, which would allow you to go after capital outlay money with the state and CRT. And that's a cultural recreation in tourism with the state because that's who that's who designates your historical structures. But maybe you could give them a call and talk to you CPA because quasi government would allow you to enter into a public private partnership where as well as go to CRT to see what type of grants they may have. And you could have come up with all the money to purchase a house and the city, I would think, might want to pardon without having to maybe possibly spit pay for the whole home. But those are just some options, but you might want to exit CPA about a quasi government. It's a different. It's not a 501C3. It's a five. This is nonprofit. I have looked into grants and I told the mayor earlier that there are lots of grants available. Just because of the, you know, because of the timeline that we have right now, the phone calls that I've made most of the grants had to be turned in at the end of the year and will be distributed in April may, I think. So this particular year we can't, but we do plan to ask for grants and other, you know, Ginger or Robble A was a former principal and she's written many, many grants. So we think that we'll be able to utilize her experience and possibly get some some good grants for that. But I've never heard of that. That's really interesting and we'll definitely look into that. If you don't mind, I can talk to you about it. Sure afterwards to get more information how to get information