 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you I you I you You You And we will continue to keep the minor the agenda item 3.1 approval of July 10th, 2025 meeting minutes. Okay, this is a motion by Ms. Barres. Second by Council Member Volgiano. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Okay, no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barres? Yes. Ms. Volgiano? Mr. Stormaro? Yes. Ms. An island? Ms. Nishampani? Yes. Motion approved. All right, thank you, Council. Thank you. Everyone who wants to visit the voting floor. Yeah, they have to push in and hold the gidrive to fall asleep? No. They that Bojiuto wants to know the City City City that they have to speak to Mr some extra resource supporting their voices and our health specials, their emotionalוש and generally somewhat meaning poor ass thought about the various factors of controlling groups in regards to the ㅎㅎ members. I say even award to officers Shane Aswraft. Chief, the floor is yours, sir. Read a little bit in the, just learned after we'll finish up. One June 18th, Officer Aswraft and a car personnel in Acadian responded to a residence on Almanaster. Upon Officer Aswraft's arrival, he found a gut male, unresponsive, not breathing no pulse. He got electrocuted by a light hole. Officer Aswraft immediately started CPR and saved the gentleman's life. Without his training being a former firefighter and also EMT, that gentleman wouldn't be here today. So I'd like to present this life-saving award, Officer Shane Aswraft. Applause Applause Ms. Leonard would also like to follow up some information. Thank you guys for allowing us this moment to recognize the officer that did such a great job. We also have the two medics here that were, that joined him on the call. So adding to Chief Resards words on Wednesday, June 18th, 2025 at 9.59, the crew of 12.16, paramedic Tanner Shipley, an EMT Kyle Domingain, responded to a report of a 29-year-old male who had been electrocuted and was in and out of consciousness. Within moments of the 911 call, Youngsville Police Officer Shane Aswraft arrived on scene and found the patient unresponsive, not breathing and without a pulse. Officer Aswraft immediately started CPR. Working seamlessly alongside our first responder partners, the crew of 12.16 continued recestative efforts. Thanks to their rapid, coordinated response and unwavering focus, the patient regained a pulse after just 13 minutes. During transport, he began showing purposeful movement, becoming more alert and responsive to medics. Remarkably, just three days later on June 21st, 2025, the patient was discharged home from the hospital with no neurological deficits. This outcome is a direct reflection of exceptional teamwork, swift clinical decision making, and a steadfast commitment to patient care under pressure. The actions of all involved exemplify the highest standards of free hospital emergency medicine. Thank you for your efforts. What's your business first? The medics requested that they would present officer Aswraft with pills. Thank you all for your time. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We also would like to present awards to Young'sville Fire Department. Do they have any representatives here tonight? The firefighters that were there that night that day were Captain Shawn Steley, Engineer Gage Ferrier. Fire fighter Mark Grimio, and firefighter Mani Manual. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you, Chief, for bringing that forward. And on behalf of the council and myself, thank you to all the first responders. We are certainly blessed in this community to have the brave men and women of the police department, our fire department, and also a cadian to be their force. One of the things I was really eye-opening to me in working with the fire department was the role that they play in this as well. And often, it is police that is fire that are there on the scene to help with a cadian's effort. So collectively, proud of everyone. So thank you all so much. And also one acknowledge is Taylor here with a cadian by chance? We have a new... Yes, Taylor. We have a new VP of operations. Yes, sir. Thank you. My name is Taylor Reeshard. I'm the regional vice president for Louisiana West. I've been with the cadian for 15 years. I live here locally in the parish. So thanks for all your warm welcome. Again, been a part of the team. I was in the training division for our National Immense Academy before, but stepped into this role to be a part of the team. So again, thank you for your talk today and recognizing the our full force of team coming together to save someone's life. Yes, sir. Congratulations on the new role as well. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you, sir. All right. Also this evening we have our Lafayette parish council member, Mr. Ken Stansbury from District 3, to give the citizens of Youngstill a parish update. Welcome back, Ann. Oh, great to be back. Thanks, Mayor. Thanks, council. Have some great news to share with y'all. Recently, we... The parish approved 400,000 for the South Lvivier project. When I ran, I ran on, you know, these intergovernmental agreements where a team work, we work together to get progress done in the parish. So this is an example. We are going through budget right now, so I'm hoping, I'm hoping we'll see if we can get a little bit more. So thank you. Nicole, thanks for your help. I really appreciate it. But that's really all I have. Any questions from me while we're going through budget at the parish level or... Any questions for council member Stansbury? Well, Ken, I want to thank you. I mean, you've been on full circle with the Lvivier project. I know Pam will give us an update later in the meeting about that project, but it excites me to drive down and see the progress on that road. And they're making some great progress in the work that's taken place so far. And that route collectively with the parish's help and the years of grants, the grant process, is going to provide such a valuable safe route north-south artery for our citizens, particularly to the 1800 kids that attend Southside High School. But not just that. I mean, as we're expanding Youngsoil Highway, the traffic has opportunity to disperse now, whether it's on the Fairfield extension, whether it's on Iberia Street to Lvivier, if you want to bypass the downtown area here of our community. So thank you. We're often told we're not doing enough road projects, but we have several under construction now and more to come. So thank you for the partnership, your colleagues on the council, and also Mayor President Bouley. We appreciate the teamwork. Well, thanks for your leadership in this. And thanks to the council. Yes, sir. Thank you. I also want to acknowledge this evening, council member, Jordan Arsonos here visiting us from the city of Carrencro, on the back row there. So, Jordan, enjoy working with you in your capacity in Carrencro. So thanks for being here with us this evening. All right, other business, 6.1. We have a variance request for the signed ordinance for Wendy's, which will be located at, and I don't know that this is the right address. Yeah, once you're in the Mettery Parkway, we can ignore the address there. I believe Miss Stacy Landry might be here representing the sign, yes, Miss Landry, you may come forward. Council members in your packet, I think the request is pretty straightforward. The trademark, Wendy's face is being requested to be on two sides of the building, which is in addition to the front sign. So that's what's before each night for consideration, Miss Stacy. Yes, hi. Stacy Landry with Deep South Sons here to represent Wendy's. We are asking for three signs, one to be on the front elevation, and two of the logos, the umu cameo, to be one on each side, the left and the right elevation. That's Wendy's sign package. We have downsized the signs almost as small as we can get. Yes. The front elevation, the Wendy's is 29.53 square feet, the, the logos on each side, which is 13.27 square feet. Those are measuring 45 and a half inches in width and 42 inches in height. Do you all have any questions? Yes. Um, Stacy, any questions from the council? I will agree that there's been numerous iterations from the sign company and the, the, the leadership of the, the franchise company with our office to put it in this posture to present you today. And I know the community's excited about, about Wendy's coming and we're grateful for has a foods. We've been developing here. Mr. Romero. No, I know we've made the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the logo with the dead space. So I'll make a motion to approve said, the, the, the motion by council member Romero. All right. Second by council member Bolgiano. It's open for council discussion. Yes, miss, miss, let's see, hang on a second, please. I'll put it in. I apologize. Okay, miss. What about the monument? Yes, that's also what I want to go over. So the monument that we have proposed, actually, we're again, downsized from our originally, downsized it twice. So the monument is six and a half feet in width and the total overall height is seven foot, leaving a one foot base. So on my calculations, which the city did get different calculations. So the cameo, I have across the width is three point, I'm sorry, three feet, three inches and the height is two foot, three inches, three and a half inches. So when you calculate those measurements, I got seven point four or five square feet. The monument itself, that says Wendy's. I have 24 point one square feet and the total area of the sign calculations is 31 point five four to five. If we get down to the nitty gritty. And if you also want to add the base, the one foot base, if you add that, that totals 38 point, oh, four square feet. Had you said a one foot berm? Because the drawing says two feet, two foot berm. I was talking about the base of the sign, the so is two foot berm, one foot base. Yes. The berm itself doesn't count. No. As you know. With the square footage allowable for monument, I'm sorry. 30. Gary, 36. No, I believe it's, is Gary, I think I believe it's 30 when it's less than 50 foot frontage. So this one's one and a half feet over. Okay, thank you. Are there any further council discussion? Okay, it's open for public comment if anyone was to address the council relative to the variance that's being proposed this evening. Yes, ma'am. What about your drive through signage? Drive through signage. Okay. So. We will have our apologize. I've been out in the job field for the past two days on construction sites. So I just had enough time to shower and then head over here. So on the left elevation. I apologize. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Help maybe the, maybe I can help answer the question. The drive through, when you, you know, like McDonald's and all they have the drive through. You mean like the road. You go through the and place your outside. Those signs. I would like the menu board. Yeah, menu board. Okay. Thank you. The menu board. You'd like to see the menu boards? Sure. And I do see where you also have signage over the doors. I see. There is a sign over the door. There's a library pick up. One says pick up. One says. All those signs over the compliance order that you weren't asking for. Because we were in compliance. Everything was good. Oh, delivery pick up is one. So all those are taken into consideration. I'll show Garrett. With the number of signs that they can have. So those are in compliance. So I'll show you the signage. Okay. Thank you. All right. Is there any further public comment? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on the variance. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Nylon. Yes. Michelle Pine. Yes. Ms. Barra. Yes. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you for your time. It's been a pleasure working with, uh, with Hasa and also. I know I didn't have any direct communication with you, but, but through the team, we appreciated. We know you went through multiple iterations and, uh, we were grateful for the opportunity to have you in our community. Well, we're excited to come out here. The town is beautiful. It's grown so much since the last time I've been here about eight years ago. And actually, I thought I was going to, um, new Iberia. I was like, wait, no, the town didn't look like this. So it's gorgeous. It really is. I don't know how I could follow what was in front of me. I was a nurse for 25 years. I teared up. I said, thank goodness I didn't put any eye makeup on. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, man. Okay. A gin item 6.2 is our bid review for the wastewater treatment plan upgrade. I'd like to ask, uh, Susan Reachard to come forward, please. This is the rebid of the wastewater treatment plan upgrade. Yes. As you know, we, um, paired down the job, redesigned. And we rebid it. And on July 23rd, we received two bids, uh, the low bid being from NCMC for $14,297,000. Our estimate was about 11.5 million. We went to the water sector commission and requested 2.75 million from them. And we're successful in getting that. So with those funds, we have enough money to construct the project. So we recommend award. Thank you. Thank you, Susan. I'm very honest, my while what was the prior bid amount? The bid was over 23 million. Okay. I thought it was pretty substantial. Yes. I think it was really a great work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was redesigned and a value engineering. Are you ready to question? No, no. Any, any council comment? Or we've certainly entertained a motion to move forward. Okay. Mr. Nile is at a motion. All right. Motion by council member Nile and a second by council member Romero. Any other council comment? Yes. Susan, what was the biggest increase in that? So instead of a four cell sequencing batch reactor, four basins, we cut it down to two. And with that, we have to continue to operate the oxidation pond that's currently the treatment system. We have to operate it in tandem. We didn't lose a substantial amount capacity about 0.5 million gallons a day. But it should hold us for a good 10 years, you know. Will this allow us to have an addition to that or do you have to put a whole new system in? Later on, we want to expand it to a little bit more. We could add on. Yeah. We left room to be able to add on two more basins in the future. Okay. Thank you. Two more SBRs. Okay. Any other council comment or question? Well, before we open it to public comment, I just want to share that Susan, you've been very patient throughout this process. I challenge you quite a bit on funding and things like that. So I do appreciate your rise into the occasion. As the council, and we've already shared with the public, we did have a $5 million grant, which was competitively awarded. We did a competitive grant application to be able to be the recipient of the $5 million. Our intention was to use, we did have a .95% line of credit from DEQ to use for the remaining of the project. Susan outline the bid still exceeded the cost of construction. So going back to the water sector committee last week, it proved to be successful in that we were able to obtain an additional 2.7 million, bringing the total grant award to 7.7. So the 7.7 coupled with the .95% interest loan is what's enabling the construction of this project. So Katherine, you are also very helpful in that. So I want to thank you as well, Senator Brockmeyer's representatives Carlson, Boie Landrie and every member of the water sector committee, which is a special committee of the legislature, which is a compromise of senators and representatives from throughout the state. So it's just a big team effort. So is there any public comment on the project? In relative to the 10 years, I mean today we're at a 20,000 population. 10 years has our population growth. If we stay on the trajectory from the 2017-2018 population projection puts us to about 30,000, which it's probably arguable on how much we can grow honestly beyond that. So it'll be up to the council and the public to help decide that. So all right, there's no public comment. I'm a skidry please call the vote to award the bid. Mr. Nyland. Yes. Mr. Champagne. Yes. Mr. Spares. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Welcome approved. I have another variance request for section 10792 of the Code of Ordinances to allow a limestone driveway around the east side of Southside High School Stadium. And Miss Angelique Hernandez and David Hammer are here. There are the architects on the project. Should you have any questions or if they would like to address the council? It's in your packet. This is the driveway. If you're looking at the high school stadium, it's on the right side. It's a right side driveway. It appeared to me that it's just going around the back like more of an access drive. I don't really know. Maybe they can help explain to you if it goes to any parking or anything like that. Let's see. Mr. Volgiano. Good evening. Good evening. This parking lot or this drive is going to be used for the away team buses. So it's designated for those because the buses take up so much space and the existing parking at Southside is rather limited for the expected size of the state. The stadium is about 5,000 person capacity. So this would really help get a large majority. All the students would enter an exit from this kind of safer area. Then, you know, just an anticipation once the possibly once the parking lot fills, people parking on the roads and kind of narrow. So, and then, you know, when funding's available in the future, they will pave more parking around the stadium, but it's not quite funded or there's still finishing up some projects that was surrounding the stadium. So we kind of need this to, are they need this to start the football season and use the stadium? Yeah. I guess my question is probably going to be directed to somebody with a school board that probably isn't here tonight. I'm assuming that my question would be what's the timeline and they're going to want to ask what the parking lot is. I want to do it as soon as possible, but they were waiting on some bits to come in on some other parts. So I don't know that they have the final timeline, but I'm sure we can get that to you as soon as we. Yeah, I spoke with the mayor earlier just over the Toronto IC when we can put Almanac to road into the road infrastructure plan because that road's so narrow and we drive it all the time. I'm just imagining when we have, you know, a couple thousand, you know, fans, students and parents leaving the game that's going to be a cluster. But I don't know that I would personally want to approve a variance for gravel until we can have a definite data when we're going to get the parking lot asked for. Just in my opinion, if there was like within a county or I can see that wouldn't be in a problem, but I wouldn't want to say that in the two, three years down the road, being that they just asked for a variance on the other building because they didn't have funding trying to get that approved in nine just doesn't seem. Well, I think they're trying to do it much faster than a two-year timeline. It might be the next fiscal, my understanding, it's the next fiscal year. But I mean, we've designed it. It's laid out so they just had to get the other projects funded or bid out to know what would be left over. So it's high on their priority list. You point out how many feet from the road to where the gravel's going to start is? We put in, we have in a concrete drive apron to come in and that matches the apron that's right next to it. So it's pretty wide. And I think it probably goes in about 30 feet. Okay, I was told it was about 40. Yeah, 40. Yeah, something like Josh Fountain. And I did speak with Superintendent this morning kind of briefly about it. He was at our road meeting and he did a degree said there was about three or four bids there waiting to finalize and they will be circling back on several little ticket items. And this was one of them. It was pointed out to that a KDAN and I think Cuomo both have gravel behind some of their parking as well, which they eventually look at wanted to do that as well. But this is going to be one of those unfinished tickets that they will finish out. Councilman Shampa. Thank you, Mayor. Yeah, my question was along the lines of Lindy and I really hate to approve something that we don't have a definite timeframe because I do get to concern. We have a strict ordinance that doesn't allow non-horde surface parking lots. So I don't know what the solution to that is, but I really don't care to pass this fall with tonight unless we can get a finite timeframe. I agree with you, Lindy. Is it something that gets something that is valid concern? Yeah, I don't mind the gravel temporary, but I went to Cuomo and that was 2006 to 2010. It's still gravel today because it's never been paved. I mean, it was a cluster. So I just, it's up to say that I don't trust them. I just want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to definitely answer, hey, within 12 months, we're paving it. We have the funds that are being allocated here on this date, but I mean, I fuck, we're cutting funding left and right because we're building and adding on new schools, which is great, but I just wanted to answer more or less. I do have another question. Are y'all going to come with any other variances? I think this is the third or fourth one. That y'all have a question. Not that I'm aware of. I mean, the stadium will be, be complete with, except for the park, the future parking that's not yet out to bid are completed. It's not ready to go out to bid because they don't have the funding for it, but it's laid out as far as I understand any projects that we've worked on or that are on that campus, there's no other variances. The, I think, I believe the, the field house has been bid out and that one is approved and has a little bit of, there's no variances needed for that. And this is, that's the last of what's being built around the stadium. And you know, I totally understand where you're coming from with those concerning comments. I just want to share that, you know, the first game is going to be on September 5th. It, it, a lot of these other high schools do have based some of their parking on areas that are not even paved. It's just like grass. And so we can't even use the area around because it's not even graded yet. And once you get graded, you can't park anywhere around the stadium for a while because it's just looser right now. So even if you were to grant something kind of temporary, they really, they just won't have access to get everybody in. And there's only a couple of wait. There's one metal detector area, a weapons detection where the, where all the, the public will come in. And then there's the one, another area where the officer will man this band and the team to come in. And if we had this other area, then everybody on the way side can come in on that area. So it's just like the immediate use of that. You know, I understand where you're coming from, but they are, they really have a very difficult situation right now to get up and. Yeah. Well, they're with their wanting us to just approve another variance for them to lower the cost. But we have local residents that are business owners here who are putting their own dollars and asking for the same variance. And then they end up paving $30,000 of the concrete or whatever may be, but out of their own pockets. So that's the school where I said we keep giving them that it gets to a point where there has to be a, like with this it now, like you just got to find the funds. And there's nothing to you. They need to be here to represent themselves. But that's just kind of where I stand on it. So what up? Give it like rough as my calls if you were to ask for a favor. Just rough. I mean, that's a chunk of the chain even for a school board budget. I mean, I would propose that we put a two-year time table on this. That way it gives them at least a fiscal year and a half to budget for it. You're also talking about a school that's almost in the middle of Canefield that how often is this road going to be used, probably? Just when that's needed. No, but I mean, so you're talking about six football games and probably a couple of lacrosse games, bands, events, 12 minutes maybe? Probably won't use it. They might have one bus that's coming in. Only events like band events and football where you have several buses coming in. And from the diagram it looks like you can't even see it from the road. It really is the most discreet area as far as the visibility goes. Could be better than being on Almanac, Republican. Miss Jean-Pain. I just think two years is too long. Oh. Yeah, Councillor, I think I'd be remiss if I didn't point out to you some of the design considerations that we've made on city projects. One being the amphitheater access drive behind that's gravel today. That was a cost decision. Part of the value engineering of the wastewater treatment plan was also removal of concrete if I'm correct Susan. So of course it is the council's ordinance and we'll follow whatever direction that you guys choose. I just wanted to point out some of our own areas that we've made decisions on recently, specific to cost considerations. Mr. Romero. How many feet in Pam might notice? How many feet is the entrance of that amphitheater on railroad right there? Was that 10 feet maybe? Well, the concrete. The concrete 12 feet at most and you're talking at almost 40 feet of concrete. So quadruple the size. Okay. I stand on motion. Six to eight feet. Okay. I was told that the other day but I don't want to speak out because it was verbally told to me. Was there any comments about timeline maybe? Yeah. Okay. I mean, I'll make a motion to prove as is with no timetable because they have been a good partner. We have to have a trust factor and it's the school system. All right. A motion by Mr. Romero. Mr. Niley. I'll second it. All right. A second by Councilmember Niley. Any further council discussion? It's open for public comment for anyone that was just to address the council relative to the variance. In the schedule, there's no public comment. Please call the vote to approve the variance. Ms. Schultzmann? No. Ms. Vares? No. Mr. Volgiano? No. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Niley. Yes. Motion fails. Mr. Niley. Motion fails. Angelique and David will regroup with you guys to see if we can come up with some alternative. There is no, well, I'll figure it out. In great senior vote, these two were part of our design team for the project management of this facility. So thank you all. All right. We'll move on to 6.4 property owner at 121 Iberia Street, Mr. Joshua Phillips, this year this evening to request several variances for an RV boat storage facility. Mr. Phillips, welcome, sir. Thank you. Thank you. I'm trying to do it, knock it out in one turn instead of coming back multiple times. So as a small business owner, we are fully committed to building a clean, functional, and safe facility that contributes to young's bills growth. We are requesting several variances as you can see for proposed RV and boat storage facility in Young'sville. This project is a limited use non retail facility. Zondas served the residents who require long term, secure storage for RV trailers and boats. So my first variance that I'd like to request. Mayor, where would we go in order? I think that that might, well, let me ask the council how they'd like to approach this. Is there, yeah. Is there, I guess, let's go one by one, Nicole. Really? I can remember. Is there an objection to going one by one? Okay. That's how we'll do it, Nicole. All right. First one would be rear setback reduction. Our lot's 257 feet deep. The combination of 50 feet in the rear and 20 feet in the front leaves only 187 for usable depth. It's not quite enough to accommodate 13 enclosed bay storages and require drive and turning the plants. And the nature of the 50 foot buffer, the 50 foot buffers because it abuts residential. Is that what it's all about? Yes. It requires a 50. So we're trying to reduce the rear. Our pond is setting the rear. So we're not trying to do it up closer to the main. Right. It's still being buffered with the tension and green area. Sure. So this space is being used, your business activity is still going to be removed. What we're talking about is the green space that's going to be used for detention. It's just to get another building. We just need a couple more feet. So we're going to use the rear one. Gotcha. Councillor, do you have any questions about what's being at Miss Shumpheim? No. Just a buffer. I get that the pond's going to be there. The buffer, what type of trees are they required to put along that property line? I think one tree from the other, the one I think is the one that's going to be there. What are they coming into? How many? And that's the material. I'm going to line the back with, you know, those cypress trees that are, you see that in front of people's front landscaping, the tall skinny ones. So we'll line the back with the privacy fence and then also have a line of those cypress trees. Those will be installed prior to opening, prior to final permit. Yeah, correct. Okay, thank you. No landscaping final plan has been submitted yet. So we're still working through. So after these variances, then we'll submit everything and part of our submittal to the city will contain the landscape. No landscaping plan. I had resale, sorry, introduced, I was going to introduce the engineer of record for Mr. Phillips project. That's a few hold a second. Miss Bahrez. Yeah. I'm going to look at number five. That's why I wanted to take all these. You're asking for a 10% landscaping requirement. Right. Right. Right. So it says the front of the building requirement is 10%. So if you look at the square footage of the buildings that we're trying to build, we have to have 12,000, it's going to be 12,000 square foot of building. So according to this ordinance, you need 10% in front of the building. That's going to be 12 hundred square feet. I don't even have 12 hundred square feet of footage in front of the road in between my property and the road. So that's why I'm requesting that that be reduced as well. And then we're also going to put landscaping along the sides and in the back of the property to try to help meet that requirement. I think Mr. Romero understands what you're indicating. Some of these are, I think if you allow me, Council, it may be best that we take these out of order because I think the first, the main event here is does this Council want to grant a variance to allow this type of usage on the property and that's going to be an exterior access storage facility. If your answer then is yes, then I think the setback, the landscaping, the landscaping as an example, if the ordinance and garada, I don't have an economy, but if the ordinance is 10% has to be a green space or landscaping. I have it right here. 10% okay. Is that likely wouldn't work in this scenario with this usage because the frontage is going to have a very good. Because the ordinances are storage is not here to self storage, not so much right or the boat or part. But I think with, in terms, Mr. Phillips, I'm from wrong, but I think with the landscaping, you would be committed. There's no purpose of having landscaping behind the, behind the entrance that's not going to be visible to the road. So I wouldn't want to see you have any spend money in landscaping that's only going to be beneficial for the users of your facility. The intention here, I believe, is to have just beautification where it's line aside if you're on the roadway. So I guess that's why I'm just suggesting that. I think there's a main event here. Do you want this type of usage? The other ones are more specific to should you allow that type of usage, then we can certainly get into it and assist Mr. Phillips and his design team with specific design criteria on that site. Ms. Barras, you were good, ma'am. Yeah, there was just a miscalculation on the setback reduction. It was 247 foot, but I, 257 foot, but I see 247 on the length of the. I was a little bit to the property start off that. Which means it would be. It would be 277 foot. It would be less. Yeah. A visible depth. So why go for the five foot when you already 10 foot less? So yes, I'm requesting the five foot into that green space. It will still be that green space will be landscaped. The green space will serve also as a retention pond. There will be a privacy fence in between the buildings, the end of the buildings and residential property behind us. If we have to, we can make it also, you know, eight foot fence instead of a six foot fence. What's the pleasure of the council? Do you want to stick with the order that we're going or do you want to, if we get to number three and you don't allow exterior doors, I think the project, then it's a move point to really go through a hard time on landscaping. Correct. Okay. Ms. Champlain. Yes, sir. Let me try and help this along a little bit. We have a very strict ordinance for Orvis and for storage, I should say, storage facilities. We have stuck by that ordinance all this time. We have other storage facilities that have met all the criteria that this ordinance has met. There's one right on the corner from where you're going to be, about a storage it. And they wanted to not have all the facade and things like that. I do want to remind some of the council was here. I worked here at this time. We do have a resident of our city, born and raised in the city of Youngstville. They own hundreds of acres of land. He wanted the same type of facility on property that he's owned all his life and he's in his seventies, late seventies, and he was refused. So he does not have a storage facility there because he felt it was just a little, a little bit of a waste of time to survive by the ordinance would cost quite a bit of money. We get that, we understand that process, but there is a reason for it for this ordinance and why we put it in place. Therefore, mayor looking at the waivers, I can't vote for any of these waivers on this facility. So that would be my stance. And based on what we have done previously, which we have not allowed it. school to put not to put limestone and we won Horde surface on their life. So I cannot see any reason why I would vote for any of these variances. All right. Thank you, ma'am. Not even like to have the storage base that face in each other, not face in the street. No, sir. We have an ordinance in place. I'm sure the city would work with you. But I can't vote for any of these. We have other storage facilities, like I said, in this city that spend a lot of money to make sure they win compliance. Vote in RV storages. It's a storage facility. So storage facility is storage facility. You coming under the same ordinance. So what I'm going to tell you is I get it. They're very expensive. Our ordinance is very strict. Maybe it's just not the right type of facility for you to put there. I understand you bought the property. But there's also neighborhoods being built where people can't park to both RV and Youngsville and those neighborhoods that are being approved. I get it. So then they're going to find some place to put it. And so that would be very beneficial to you to spend the money and put it there. Because you're you're knitting right now that we have people that would probably be you'd be booked up right away. But personally, and knowing the ordinances and working for this city for six years and living here, I will tell you that I cannot support this any of these variances. Sorry. Sorry. Mayor, when when well been RV and everything opened up, what was the where the owners and they were granted that was that because the building and the property existed already. They were grandfathered in or did I don't remember what variance that was. Great, great question. And it is relevant. The reason, if I recall, that that usage was appropriate there and Pam may correct me here. We do have certain areas of the city that are designated that allow for what at the time was considered more industrial. Now, if I recall, that was prior to the enactment. With what your RV park ordinance, I'm sorry, with the storage ordinance did was in essence put a, to some I guess you could may as well call it a moratorium on exterior storage facilities. And it increased the criteria for the rules on a traditional interior storage facility because there was concern from the council and the public that they represent at the time that there was, we had several of them in the pipeline. Now, some of those projects fell off as a result of that ordinance, some of the projects fell off as a result of the economy and inflation. But there were several pieces of property that were purchased around that time period. I think Mr. Phillips, although we didn't discuss it, I think he may have been one of the ones that you've owned the property a few years. Yes. Yeah. So at the time with wild man, what we were governing, with the planning and permanent office was governing that on, was not the, there was no storage ordinance. What we were governing on was it was an acceptable area for limestone and materials there, if I recall. Well, the, the, the storage, the ordinances that you talk about with storage facilities, if you're in the industrial areas and the areas that are industrial, then those same things don't apply to you, which is why we've told several people that if you want to do a storage facility, you need to be in the few areas that I call it, that you know, like where Lynn Lajey is back there, I call it the cow area, Gernsey, all that. So in the cow area there, if you're along Griffin Road, if you're in the industrial area by Mr. Duchamp's industrial area, and it's listed in the in ordinances. So that's where when we've had several people, let us know that the ordinance, we're telling them like, well, but all of those things don't apply if you're here. But if you're a long-term in Metri, highway 92, other places, then, so, in, the ordinance applies. Thank you. That's, that's excellent context because of our prior to the storage ordinance that was, that was passed that were, that these variances are relevant to the, the areas within the city that having industrial exemption, that has, that's been there. So even prior to the, the storage ordinance being passed, your land use would not have allowed limestone in, it didn't, it didn't specifically call out an exterior storage facility, but it wouldn't have allowed some of the things that are being requested here. Anything facade, your facade ordinance, as we refer to it, does not apply in the industrial area. But the, listen, that, that was the right thing for a majority of the council at the time of its adoption. I think what's before you tonight is just for you to affirm that that's still your stance on it, you know, because it has been now, it has been a couple of years, when, when directions, you know, change sometimes. So, I mean, you, that, that's why he's here before you. I mean, sometimes, you know, we, we take it as far as we can within the permitting office, but sometimes, you know, we, we see light there for whatever reason, whether the people have owned the property for some time, or it's been, you know, there's a reason you don't hear sign variances that often, because the administrative team is working with people to come into compliance. But, you know, on occasion, there's examples that we bring forward, because we, we want to know a little pulse check from you. I, I do understand where, where some of us come in from with the big-year role of doers, I think that was the item we're going to try to tackle first. I know what we did that for conventional storage. Obviously, I don't think that that's, as, I don't know how we can have the discussion about that as far as for RVs and for campers and boats, just because of the fact that's not as typical. So, while a grandfather is in under that, under that ordinance for exterior role of doers, it's just not as commonly seen really anywhere. I mean, you have a feel like big box, big toy storage, but that's just a different type of storage. I would, I mean, in my opinion, I don't, I don't agree with the asphalt side. I'd rather see asphalt than limestone in the facility that would be something I don't have the discussion about. The role of doers isn't an issue with me. Just because the type of storage is just drastically different, that's a different type of storage. Your household goods is a little bit different. And I'm just trying to think about what is really going to be built on that property next to the power plant in the future. And I feel like I've been trying to do a better job. I guess we want people to do business in Young'sville and be easy to do business with. However, we want to try to out-bob with these ordinances as best as possible. For me, it's the, it's a lot of something, but I think that we can work past the exterior role of doers just because of what you're storing there. I think it's a little bit different than what we've been conventionally seeing these three story storage facilities and then the conventional ones who are seen around town. So that's kind of my stance and take on that. I don't know how the rest of my colleagues feel on that, but I do understand what you're saying about. We do have a lot of neighborhoods and a lot of people living here who spend their money in our community and do buy assets for their homes to do in the weekends and have places to park them. Part of that's on us on how much we allow in driveways and neighbor parkings with H.A.A. So he's creating a solution. However, we want to abide by our ordinance. I just think we can try to work through some of it. I know it's a lot, but the door thing isn't an issue for me. It is or it's not. It's not. It's not. Okay. Just because of what he's storing. I do understand what our ordinance states, but that's just not an issue for me. So council, I mean, you still want me to go back to number one, unless you all, I mean, ask you want to student any objection to be sticking with number three. So that way we can, because I think that's probably the main event. All right. If there's no objection to hearing number three first, is there a motion to approve the variance for number three? All right. A motion by Mayor Patel, Volgiana. Is there a second? All right. Mr. Nile and seconds, the motion. Is there any further council discussion? It's open for public comment. Anyone wishing to address the council relative to the variance, which is going to allow exterior roll-up doors on the storage facility? All right. Miskeedry, there's no public comment. Please call the vote for the variance. Is Barbara? No. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? No. Mr. Nile? Yes. Michelle Parnier. No. Motion fails. Mr. Phillips, with all due respect, I don't know if it's, I don't know if we should go through the other ones at this time or. Yeah. Mochaed, you know that if you all want to pitch it back and are you on the property, you know, we want to work with you there. I want to work with you there for something. I mean, definitely, I mean, it's going to bring more taxes. You know, at least $7,000 in taxes a moment. Now, I recognize and I want to be cognizant of it. That's why you're here. Break up the order. It's something that we're falling into that three store box. Store-work facility. You know, I mean, they don't, they're not facing the street. They're facing each other. Yeah. All right. Perhaps just for food for thought for the council, and then we'll move on because they've already acted on this. But just for future consideration, the ordinance has written, it maybe put some eyes on it. We can bring it back. Was your, was the intention to allow exterior traditional self-storage? And do you want that to encompass outdoor RV parking? You know, what if it was just an open facility as an example? So I think that would probably be the question that I would ask. I'll just to consider certainly no action required. But I mean, all ordinances can be adjusted. Yeah, yeah. I feel like it was the intent was written so that you don't have self-storage with exterior doors. Yeah. You know, somebody pulled up. I think you presented with a plan or what I think. But it's, you know, the multiple variances I think is what kind of gave up. An eye store, but I think what we did one is like a chain link fence. And you just seen a bunch of RV and boats parked in a parking lot. But I think what you presented was clean cut and not being seen from the roadway, being there side by side, and you haven't, and haven't covered oning. So, uh, understanding what you're trying to do. All right. Chad, thank you, Mr. Phillips. Thank you all for seeing you. All right, agenda item 6.5. Presentation on Young's Los Designation as a Louisiana Development Ready community. Mr. Pat Whitties here with the Louisiana Economic Development. So I'd like to acknowledge him to come forward and address the council. Mr. Whittie, thank you, sir. Thank you for being here. Mayor, thank you. I've been a council. Appreciate your time. Just wanted to take a few minutes. My job's pretty easy tonight. And that's just to thank folks. I took a minute to look at your vision statement just a satanoon on your website and, uh, a thriving, connected, and vibrant Young'sville that attracts families, businesses, and visitors of all ages, offering a high quality of life. Economic opportunity and community pride. That's what we think the Development Ready communities program really is all about is to try to enhance that, to augment your efforts. You've had a group of volunteers and a group of folks on, on staff and we had open house and and got public comment, trying to make sure that people understood that economic development is not a, it's not a spectator sport. It's something that you have to really be engaged in. Our program is not sophisticated. Our program is just an opportunity, again, for volunteers, for citizens, for for administration to get together and just take a look at where you're at. Just just assess kind of where you are and have an honest assessment. You know, many times when we think about ourselves or think about the things that we do, we always have a pretty good point of view, pretty good idea, pretty good sense of what we're doing great. But it's only when you say these are the places we can improve, these are the things that are important to us, these are our priorities. That's when the work really can get done. You have to have an honest assessment. And that's really what the Development Ready communities is about. I mentioned the vision statement, but you really need to think about adding resiliency and sustainability. I was here, I was here with the department in 16 floods, and I know what it looked like then and what it looks like now. So thank you for your commitment and the continued work that you do. I just wanted to mention again, I mentioned the volunteers and the folks that have spent some time doing this. That's not an easy deal. They assessed again where you were in terms of economic development, what your commitment was to growth. They talked about controlling the narrative. Look, if somebody doesn't, if you don't tell your story, you know in fact somebody else will tell your story. So always being aware of the high points and the low points, the things you're working on, and communicating that with people is a big part of the plan. You continue collaboration with other organizations that is spoken to as well. And then the fact that you decide that you're going to leave. This is an active type of effort when it comes to economic development. So again, I just wanted to take just a moment. Thank the mayor, thank Haley. She's been a key part of this whole thing. I have to thank one of my allies and out of his leader, the Lafayette Economic Development Authority, and Mark Muto, Mark and now check that box and he can maybe have a sigh of relief. But I really appreciate all this continued effort to move things. This is a beautiful community. And I'll just tell you, with my father used to tell me every Saturday night, when I left the house, be proud of who you are and be proud of where you come from. And that would ward off a lot of times any involvement, any engagement I would have with the good people in law enforcement. With that, let me just read the certificate. This is from our secretary, Susan Bourgeois. Louisiana Economic Development congratulates the City of Youngsville for successfully completing the Louisiana Development Reddit Communities Program. And for their continued dedicated efforts, focused on excellence in economic and community development. So again, thank you all for what you do. Thank you for your continued efforts and I appreciate your time. Yeah, Mr. Whitty, if you don't want to stand up, but I'd love to get a picture with the council in yourself. But first, I want to acknowledge Haley. Haley Leatherwood has truly been the one that has spearheaded this effort. It was one of the things that I gave her as a, but when I gave her something I'd like to see done, she completely exceeded my expectations. She not only saw that it was done, she's owned it. And this I think is just a greater reflection of her renewed effort from our team and our focus on the ability that we have to build the right community, the one that we have that is open for business. And I think that you have, this has been a very helpful exercise for us. So I want to begin by thanking Haley for leading the effort and not only leading it, but owning it, taking charge of it. She has traveled around the state to broaden her knowledge about the subject matter. And I know that it's benefiting. Secondly, Mark from Leeda, we've had more engagement with Leeda over the past. I'll say two years since Haley's joined my office. So Mark, I sincerely appreciate you being as dialed in as you are. And then lastly, just to the volunteers that aided in the Community Assessment Survey, including hosting the Open House, we had some participation here at City Hall that was open to the public to make sure that the strengths and the opportunities and the platforms that Haley and Mr. Whitty and Mark and the team of volunteers that we had were focused in moving in the right direction. So Haley, would you like to? Yeah, I just wanted to say thanks to the volunteers. Really, it wouldn't have been done without their help, their knowledge. When I called them and asked for their expertise and their advice, they came out with guns of blazing and really did give us a lot of direction. And then obviously they helped with the Open House and with framing up the SWAT analysis that we did to present to the public during that Open House. So a big thank you to the volunteers. And thank you for letting me take this project on. It was fun. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Pat, for drawing in for batteries to be here. Happy to be here. It's a present that's thank you so much. Yeah, well, Kaley, why don't you come up and accept the presentation and maybe I'll ask Catherine if you wouldn't mind. Why don't you come here and the council can be here. I think we can just stay put behind these two. Mark still here? Yep, Mark. Why don't you come up on this side? Okay. Okay. Okay. Can I get the... All right, Mark, once you're done. I think Kaley, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And please, a round of applause for the group that we assembled. Yeah. And for... For us, for LED and for LED for helping us get this done. So forever grateful. Thank you, sir. Thank you for making the trip over. All right, agenda item 6.6. Councilwoman Champagne asked to hold the discussion on proposing divisions for the city of Young'sville, changing divisions into minute support districts. Miss Champagne. Let's see. May. Thank you. Layers, month after AX, if we could possibly put this on the agenda, just to start discussion. I do want to thank Wade because he didn't Nicole. They did some initial research since that last meeting. We, even if we were to adopt districts instead of divisions, it cannot be done a year prior to an election. Therefore, we would not have time to be able to, because we need a demog referred to draw lines. And it will require quite a bit of a, I would think and I would hope that we would do a lot of public input to be able to go out to the public, have a whole public hearings. But I think it's a worthwhile effort with the growth that we are experiencing, that we at least look into it and research it. So that is my request tonight, that we, that I'll make a motion that we request the research. I do not mind spearheading it. This, getting people to speak, getting research in the issues, Wade has committed also in Nicole. So just to look at it, before we can do anything, we can do it by ordinance. But to adopt an ordinance, you do have to have all of these things in place, like the demographic and the districts lined out. So and that will take a lot of research in the, you know, in meetings. So I don't mind researching that and spearheading it. Of course with the your input, the council's input. And of course all about stakeholders throughout the city. So that is what I would like to do. First, just start researching the project and aspect that possibly going into districts instead of divisions. Okay. What would be a benefit if we choose to do that? And I heard you correct that you're asking your asking for formal motion. I guess you're proposing a resolution for the council. We just begin the research. All right. Yes, ma'am. Mr. Nylon. I'm seconding that. All right. It's open for any other council discussion. If there's any at this time. Mr. Romero. I'm just curious. I mean, because I don't know where I stand on this anymore. What would the cost be incurred with this research and everything to build up to this? Of course, I'm free. So the research that I would do would not, would not cost us anything. Of course, we would have way that we would have to pay. I don't see it costing a great deal of money. I don't have a cost for you. I don't see it actually costing a whole lot of money to do the research. I do believe that if we come back and we say, okay, we want to do this. That's when we would need an amendment, probably, to our budget, because we would have to hire a demographer to draw those lines, which would be a cost to us. But the issue of research, I don't see where that cost would be very much. Because I'm offering the spearheaded to do that research. And of course, with the input from all of y'all. Mr. Bulls, John. Yeah, I'm not the same question. I think is the last time we're in the old chambers, and this is discussed, what isn't working today that is making you want to go to that? Because I haven't got an answer for anybody, even when they proposed it the last time this happened, and no one can give you an answer. So I don't know if you found anything that's not working today. That's why you're willing to. I'm not saying it's not working and look. I truly believe, ho, ho, that this council and this mayor, we have the best interest of our entire city at heart. I do believe that. We all focus on that. I do by listening to constituents in our area that Oax, the reason why we don't have districts. You know, the best, the famous question I always got, even when I started working here was, who can I call? Who's my consulant? And I would say respond, well, the entire council runs at large. So everyone represents you. So I do hear over the last couple of years, especially, because we are growing. Some people, and I'm not saying everyone, some people feel, and that's what this research will determine. And I think you're not going to be able to talk about the public, and you start talking to people and letting them voice opinions. You will hear probably a little bit of both. I do believe that there will be sections of this city. I've heard that says. But we like it the whole way because we just like being able to have a whole council. I get that. I do, I do get that. And the other side that says, we would really like to have someone that represented just the district. Now, I tell you how I feel. Being in the legislature, I tell people all the time. When you represent, even if you represent a district, there are times just like us on this council, that we have to take was in the best interest of every citizen in this city. Just like on the state level, you represent a district. But there are votes that you make that affects the entire city. So I think a district, yes, you'll have someone as we grow, because the city is getting larger. I mean, we all admit that we like the growth that we have. We had 16,000, 18,000 people now. We project in 30,000 people in no time. I'm going to call it. So I do believe we would have our representation. The stakeholders, our residents who are stakeholders, would have a person in their district that they could know they could go to the post, vote for them. However, I still believe that as a whole, the council takes considers the city as a whole. I do know some people talk about the old police jury system. And if you have a district, you have a district representative, they're just going to represent your interests. Well, that system is really antiquated. And what happens with those systems, and what I remind people is in the old police jury system years ago, they actually had their own budget. Each district had their own budget. So it's going to change government wise when it comes to budgeting or laws. We all going to have to vote on them. So that will not change. I think all you will have if we were choose to do that, if this research shows that it is something, this council and the citizens of this city want us to move forward on, that you will see that each district as we grow will have that representative. That's my input. It could mean a great deal to some individuals. Some individuals really won't mind. I guess I want to say, I don't mind running. I've heard council people on the council now say it's getting hard to run citywide because it's so large. It's getting large. I don't mind running citywide. You know, I like getting out and meeting everyone that we represent in this city. I think we should stay exactly where we're at then. What do you think? Let me tell you, let me tell you what's in there. This is the second or third time you brought this out. My issue I have with it is I've seen this exact thing happen in the communities. And that's where you have sections of town that fall off because you get a bad representative who doesn't voice their opinions enough. And then the community falls off. And I think that with our collective efforts, you know, an amazing mayor, the administration staff here that I don't think one part of our city has ever fallen off the wagon. We've been pretty collective and pretty well at giving and doing things all over the community to what the community grows as a whole. To me, switching into divisions really honestly honestly to me it benefits the person running because at that point, I've been out of the section of town. Let's just say that the East quadrant of town or whatever, only one person wants to run. And that person doesn't even meet the qualifications to meet even be in that position. And just wins about the fault. The next section of town isn't going to get fought for. But there might be a lot of people in there that want to get fought for that is don't want to be in politics. And that's and that's okay. But to me, I thoroughly enjoy being able to speak with every resident in the community and voice their concerns. I don't need I get why you want to investigate it. But to me, I haven't I mean, I'm a second term. I don't think I've met more than two people who have ever said that they wanted it to be separated ever. And it isn't said that I've spoken to every individual in this town because they get some impossible. But I mean, I just don't. That seems like it's going backwards. I think if there were several flaws and several problems in the community where it's presenting, hey, we need to change this. It's not working. I agree. But our population hasn't even reached anywhere near where that could be a problem. Yeah. If anything, you would grow the council. And like that was that was to my point of what I said that I do believe no matter whether you represent a district or not, you still represent this entire city. And have to answer to the entire city. I don't see. Now, look, we don't know what's going to happen in the future. We don't know it's going to be here. We know that this, this council and this mayor represents the entire city. So, but we're not going to be here forever. So, I think that it does need to be explored. I mean, that's my input. I think it needs to be explored. And that's why I'm bringing it forward. Now, it's at your pleasure because I am making a motion that we move forward with the research. It doesn't mean we don't have to do it. You're not committed to doing that tonight. No, yeah, no. Yeah. There's a lot of work that will go into that first. And public input from our citizens. Yeah. It's a remarry. I know there's a motion. Okay. No comment at this time. I have a comment. You have a motion. Yeah. But we can know. Yeah. So, was it an official motion? I think it was an official motion. Did you second? I didn't hear you. Councilor Mac. So, I did. Okay. I just want to, I guess point. I just want to clarify. I mean, this is a discussion item. So, we are allowing there to be a motion in a, in a vote. How does that work? I thought it was just, we just ran for discussion. Well, since we've had a motion in a second, I'll open it for public comment. Since Councilor Connman. Yes, sir. No, please. I'll open it for a second as well. Yeah, we did. Okay. I'm going to say it was between six and eight years ago. I actually brought this up at the council. Seven years ago, I guess. I was your first year, second year. And at the time, the soul thought was we did not have a lot of people running for council. They didn't have a lot of interest in people running for council. It is difficult to run, but at the same time, when you do run, you meet a ton of people. You get to meet the community, allies, adversaries, all of that. And I feel that's a great thing. The reason why I brought it up back then was let's encourage more people to maybe get involved and run. You're later, so, Councilman Stansberry, the mayor, Angie, started the idea of leadership, Youngsville. We have that. We have allies. We have more adversaries. We have educated people. We have people who probably want to run. Again, I'll go back to, I'm on the fence on whether it should or not. My take actually would be, we're about 18,000 people, maybe. 20. 20. We've been a five member council since they were aldermen. I think it's a five member council. There might be time to expand this to seven. To have more representation. I know Nicole doesn't like that. But when you look at other municipalities, there are larger councils. So I was just clarifying why it was brought up back then. It was to get more people involved, get more people to want to run. But at the same time, I think we have solved that with the leadership class and other. So we have. Is there any public comment anyone wished to address the council, relative to the topic, yes, or is the CMO? Good evening, sir. Yeah, Mark CMO. Lenin, now you know two people that are in favor of districts. Me and Donald CMO. So if you, I think it's very well worth the research effort that Simone is proposing, because you're going to get a lot of feedback from a lot of different communities. And God forbid, there's a campaign from Sugar Mill Pond that gets five of y'all from Sugar Mill Pond on this council to run the city. To mention that there is a possibility now. You can get five representatives from one neighborhood in this city if they can get the votes. I'm going to thank you, Mr. Seymil. It's going to happen. You can't predict the future to your point. You don't know what the future holds is worth the effort to research and get some answers from the public. And two of us will be at that council meeting or that public hearing to voice our support of districts. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Seymil. There was some money else I thought I saw that had raised our hand, maybe not. We can't do it this election coming up. That's correct. The question from the floor is, could it be for this now? We've been advised by legal that it can't be for the 2026. It would be the 2030 election. This is very much. Yes, sir. I just want to clarify that way if you don't mind, because the verbiage I read was, it has to be over, longer than a year from the election. Correct. That's why you couldn't do it this upcoming. It was over a year from next November. So if this was researched on for laissez-mah, and it brought to us next month, or less than a month, it was brought to us, and was approved to submit as an ordinance and then approved in the October meeting. Technically, it could take effect. It could. If you're talking about the November election. I don't know if it was qualified date or election date in a way. I read your, okay. Let's talk about that. And I do want to just comment on that. I don't think we have enough time. Because of the fact that we have to be introduced by ordinance, we would have to have the districts drawn to include it in that ordinance. And it takes two meetings to pay us an ordinance. I know that's not going to be a good one. But I know that's right around the corner. That's why I said this cannot be done before the next election. That's why I'm looking at the research. So we can we can have public input and go out in the community. All right. Any additional public comment. Okay, there's a motion. So. How do we. How do we vote on a discussion on this curious? We've never done that in seven years. How does that work? I don't know. I'm a discussion. So you can do it by motion if you do it by resolution. For discussion. Yes. It's already a public. It's a first in seven years. So does that mean we need to move it to resolution item 7.5. Good. That's my point. Are you creating a resolution? We have to expand the agenda. Yeah. If you're going to do it by resolution, you're going to have to. Well, yeah. You've said we've never voted on a discussion item. So if you're going to create a resolution and create one, but I mean, I'm. I'm. Can I ask the question like what's the rush? Yeah. We're talking about something for 2030. That I mean, where's like should we do it by? I mean, I'm all about it. I'm running for the same thing, you know, no matter what. And I'm going to do my job no matter what. Right. But I guess my question is, I mean, I generally I would like to see like a resolution that's written that outline steps about what's happening and what to expect. So that way I can sign off a minutes that accurately reflect. There. If you would like, if the council would prefer, we can add, and Dakota added to next month's agenda as a resolution. And we can do that tonight. I think that's going to be discussion no vote. Does it even have to be only a gender and we not just do the research and then bring it up? Like let's just start the research and do it. And then then once we have the research, present it. I agree. Yeah, I don't think I need to tell you that you can do what you want for free when you get home from here. I don't. Sounds silly, but I don't think that I need to do that. I think going to come into play as a way to services and stuff. I think she would need to get approval for that. So maybe, maybe the point to Simone's point is maybe do and next point, obviously, is to do all the work that you can prior to the next meeting. Well, that's not going to happen, but not for the next meeting. But I will call LMA. That was one of my, I'm going to get with LMA. I will ask them to come to the next meeting possibly. And talk about districts and divisions and process. But to have all of the research done in one month, I can tell you I'm not going to be able to do that. I was just saying, the free, whatever you could be. Councilman, I welcome that. I think that that, you know, I think that that's, I think it's a, it's a hot topic. From, I mean, if you're welcome to bring, I'd like to hear it. I'm sure I'll contribute to it as well. And yeah, we can get a mind. We can. I'll ask you to put it on the agenda next month as a resolution with a little more research, but not a full-blown research. More information. More information. Correct. Okay. So just so we're clear, I mean, is there withdrawn? Motion? Mr. Bishop, on your withdrawing your motion. Yes, I'm withdrawing it. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chumpon. I think that's a. Thank you, Councillor. All right. 7.1. Resolution 2025-17. A resolution authorizing a direct mayor to execute for and on behalf of the city of Youngsville, of the Paris of Lafayette, Louisiana, and active substantial completion from Glen Lage, and the construction LLC contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for Fortune Road, pavement preservation project, state project H01-E68. All motion approved. Screen's on. All right. Thank you. Councillor Romero. All right. I'll second. All right. All right. I have a motion by Councillor Romero and a second by Councillor Neillin. Any council discussion? Is there any public comment or question? Okay. There's no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on a genitum 7.1. Ms. Fares. Yes. Ms. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Yes. Ms. Neillin. Yes. Ms. Chumpon. Yes. Motion approved. 7.2. Resolution 2025-18. A resolution authorizing the mayor to negotiate and execute. And a dendum for a cooperative endeavor agreement with Lafayette Charter Foundation and cooperated for school resource officers for 2025-2026. All right. Motion by Councillor Romero. Councillor Chumpon. Second, ma'am. Thank you. Any council comment or discussion? No. We've requested an increase for the annual contribution. Oh, okay. Yeah. So we're going to raise the pay raise on the absolute. Yeah. We're also trying to get an increase in the reimbursement rate for the school resource officers that perform their duty at the charter school. All right. Was there any other council comment? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Neillin. Yes. I'm sorry. I was raised in equation. I was raised in curve 3 again. I'm sorry? In low arms of the refrain. I'm sorry. That's going to be a short break. Jennifer. Very nice. I'm pretty finished with the question. Few minutes ago. Rules. We've been allocated the additional assistance overseas wedding season. She's welcome. Then to dismiss評 council favored care and receive consent from far less than quarter. Thank you foruğing this. Got some other doubts? I'm coming up with some ideas. Amy. Hope you listen to me? Yes, yes, yes, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, motion approved. And genitam 7.4 is resolution 2025-20. A resolution authorized and directed the mayor to execute four. And on behalf of the city of Yungzal, the parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, and active substantial completion from Glenn Lejay construction LLC pertaining to the completion of a contract for the 2024 roadway improvement program. And further amending the 2025-2026 capital projects fund budget. It's a motion by Council Member Romero and a second by Councilman Shampon. Any council discussion? Any public comment? Yes, ma'am. For the bid or for the... For the... what's left? Yeah, let's see, Pam, this is a... The question is, I think, relative to the punch list. Yeah, it's some striping that we need to... No, I'm sorry. Is there a time limit that they have to get this done? 45 days. Okay. All right. Any other comment? All right, here in no comment. Ms. Skidry, please call the vote. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Shampon? Yes. Ms. Farad? Yes. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion approved. Ordinances for public hearing and final adoption. Ordinance 8.1. I'm excusing. Motion item 8.1 is ordinance number 498, 2025, in ordinance of the City of Youngso, Louisiana. Amany in the Code of Ordinances, chapter 155, traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments. Ms. Shampon. Motion 2 withdraw from the agenda. All right. If a motion 2 withdraw from Ms. Shampon's second by Mr. Romero, is there any council comment? Any public comment? Ms. Skidry, please call the vote on the motion 2 withdraw. Ms. Shampon? Yes. Ms. Farad? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Motion approved. A genitim 8.2 is ordinance 503 2025, in ordinance of the City of Youngso, Louisiana. Amany in chapter 20 taxation, article 3, sales and use tax. Motion withdraw. All right. Motion by Mr. Romero to withdraw in the second to withdraw by councilmember Nyland. Any council comment? Any public comment? Any public comment? Ms. Skidry, please call the vote. Ms. Farad? Yes. Ms. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Shampon? Yes. Motion approved. A genitim 9.1 is ordinance 498 2025, in ordinance of the City of Youngso, Louisiana. Amany in the code of ordinances. Chapter 155, traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments. Councilman Shampon? Motion to approve. Okay. There's a motion on the floor to introduce the ordinance 498 2025, is there a second? Second by councilmember Volgiano. Any council comment? Ms. Shampon? Yes. May I thank you. First off, I'd like to thank Nicole and Pam, because what happened was when we brought this ordinance forward, probably a month or so ago or two months ago, now, when we started checking into it, we realized that a lot of our ordinances, and Nicole correct me from incorrect, relied a lot on the UDC in development codes with Lafayette. Yeah, Lafayette Paris subdivision regulation. Yeah. Basically no longer easiest. And we would refer back to that. So since theirs had changed so much, LCG did send everything to Nicole, and she started looking into it. So that's why you have a very long, amended ordinance, because it took into consideration all of those things that had changed. This was an ode to ordinance in 2005. We're introducing it tonight. It'll be up for a vote in next month. A formal vote next month. So I do want everyone to look at it if you have any questions. Please ask me about it. I don't mind answering those questions. If I don't have that answer, I can get it for you. So tonight, this ordinance basically has taken in some of the things that we put in the first ordinance, but it's more comprehensive on the entire scope of LCG subdivision and the ordinance is also. Council member Dyle. So this ordinance obviously impacts sugar mopong. How many meetings have been had with the HOA board and the developers in constructing this ordinance to make sure that all three parties are involved. For me personally, I'm not going to be impacted by any of this because it's not my neighborhood. So I just want to make sure that who, the people that this is going to impact, and the developers that are continuing the development, and the citizens that live there have, I'm assuming you'll have an HOA board have all been involved in this process because like you said, it's a lot. This is a ton of information in here and it's making a decision on basically what the citizens that live within this neighborhood are going to have to follow. We're going to have to make that decision for them. Great question. I see Jordan here tonight. We did have one meeting with Jordan and Rodney Savoy and Mr. Gidry, Mr. Mike Gidry, as well as the, on the phone, was the developers for Rosewalk at that meeting, young industries. I've had many meetings with advisory, what we call advisory board, because we do know that the development in all subdivisions in the city of Youngsville is still run by the developer, as the HOA. So our board is an advisory board only. So we have met, I have met with them numerous times on this ordinance, and that has taken into consideration a lot of the input from our residents and input that the residents had given, on things that we thought probably needed to be tweaked and changed. I do want people to know that I love living in a traditional neighborhood development. I have always been a proponent of Sugar Mill Pond. I think it offers us a way of living that not everyone gets to experience, but not, isn't meant for everyone either in that type of atmosphere. Not everyone's meant to live in a traditional neighborhood development. We have very strong covenants. What has happened is in research, we have found that our covenants, our HOA covenants, don't affect some of the multi-family residential that's existing in the city now. However, when the traditional neighborhood was developed and permitting was taking place, there is a perimeter on what is inside that traditional neighborhood, you have boundaries, just like every other subdivision. Those boundaries in a traditional neighborhood development, your houses are closer, you can have smaller lots, but it was done on a point system, I would expam, I would call it a point system, certain points for green space and those things. The points were given with an existing footprint of everyone in that footprint, being a part of the traditional neighborhood and having to abide by our covenants. Well, that has not happened. We have found out since then that not everyone in the subdivision has to abide by those covenants. A lot of this was driven by commercial area, parking, street widths. So that has been all addressed in here. There are some engineering factors in here that have been changed, along with the HOA guidelines and the covenants, and making sure that everyone adheres to those covenants in that neighborhood. So Jordan's here tonight, I'm sure he wants to speak. So he's here and we did meet with the developers, I met with them once, I've met with the HOA board, the people that actually here, that live in the neighborhood more, quite often. And I see Mr. Landry's here, he's on the board, I don't know if any of the other members of the board are here. So we can hear from them. Mr. Nile and you, you're good. Any other council discussion? So I guess I'll just make a general comment and I'd love to hear from members of the audience. I think any type of development that we offer in our community, or any ordinance, any development, 20 years in, we probably owe ourselves the opportunity to review what's working. If we had the opportunity to do it again, what have we learned, what we'd like to see differently. We're losing some institutional knowledge, you know, the, the, the patriarchs of the, of the young family, you know, we had a, you know, untimely death recently of one of our developers that was very instrumental in bringing this, bringing this ordinance and sugarmopon to, to our community, fortunately. And turn over here. You lose institutional knowledge of, I think we owe it to ourselves to document what's working right and what's, what needs to be modified. Some of our best ordinances, you know, arguably, but pick any of them, you know, the sign ordinance has been tweaked a couple of times. Our land use ordinance, which John particularly proud of, went years with only being modified once, and that was really to exclude sugarmopon, because that was just our, clerical error and not removing them from it, because they have their own set of governance. You know, this, this particular draft, we, is really forward looking largely, because we don't have opportunity to, to change a lot in communities that are already established, or I think we're going to be challenged to do that, and we'll have to look at probably, you know, probably line by line, you know, what can be retroactive, what can I. The, the, the lens I'm going to look at it through is for future. You know, we recently had a 700 acre development that, you know, we don't really know the, is it going to be presented as a T&D, or is it not going to be presented as a T&D? So I do think we owe ourselves that, that opportunity to look at it, because I think all of us can, can say, hey, this is something that's, that maybe didn't work the best, and I think that the developer and us in the residents would agree, there's a couple of streets where we didn't put car about parking on either side, you know. And, and I don't think that we would allow that again today, you know, whether or not that was just an oversight at the time, or whether or not that was presented intentionally, I don't know, but I think that we all have a more keen eye to, to look for those type of details. You know, the other one that I think that we would probably look at is, there's been with anything, you know, some learning curve, some trial and error. I think that the way that Waterview apartments was initially brought into the fold, we've, has evolved to where sugarmopon apartments are a little, you know, are governed differently, at least in terms of, you know, placement of parking in the number of parking spots. I think that it's probably, you know, fair to say that one works better than the other, you know, for the residents involved. So, I welcome the discussion. I want to look into it and be part of it. I mean, this is, you know, while it only encompasses today's sugarmopon and Rosewalk, you know, that's more than probably pushed in 600 acres of our community with the opportunity to potentially impact another 700 acres. So, I do think the discussion has to, you know, I look forward to having more dialogue with, you know, our largest landowner that still has parcels to bring that was going to be subject to this. I think some things, you know, I think some things we're going to have to look at and ask ourselves is it maybe HOA Covenants that should be modified for changing conditions in the neighborhood, or is it something that has to blanketly be done by ordinance? I don't know, I guess my biggest concern, or not concern, let me say, I think our biggest challenge or opportunity when we approach this or any ordinance is really to ask ourselves, what problem are we trying to solve? And I think that if we look at it through the lens of what's worked right, where do we still have opportunity to correct, I think that we can all at the table have some tangible things that we would offer that would suggest, if given the opportunity to do it again, this is how I would do it. I don't think anybody is going to probably dispute that, you know, that, you know, how much, how many schools do we want in a T&D, you know, those type of things? That probably didn't get envisioned, you know, at its initial inception. So what I want to do though is make sure that we're not overcorrecting in any areas, because I do think we can find that sweet spot. You know, as an example of parking, I know there's some concern on like Prescott and for the businesses there, and I want to see every business in our community thrive. I want to see, I want to see adequate parking, but I also don't want to lose sight of the purpose of a T&D is to encourage close dense development walkability. And I notice that there's no change in the purpose of the ordinance or which I'm, which I'm happy about, because the purpose of a T&D, I think if we're still approaching it with that lens, then I think it limits us to making more sense. And I think that's the reason why I'm making modifications that are really the result of our experience and our best practices, you know, moving forward. I would offer today one thing that I would do differently is probably have a better organization of different phases, you know, sugarmopon today is the one in the hopper right now is phase 29. And I think that's really really layering and some of that may just be better organization on our ends some of it may need to be enacted by ordinance so. So I welcome it. I thank you for for bringing it forward. I think that there's a I want to make sure that the stakeholders have a seat at the table. So we have that discussion we approach it with what problem or we trying to solve. And if we look at it through that lens, I think that we have the potential to have a good product, you know, in the end. So miss John playing. Oh, no, I motion. Okay. Any public comment relative to the introduction. Keith Landry and you know, sometimes a little stone gets turned over and it becomes an opportunity. And I think this is a prime example of it. Like you said, this original ordinance was in 2005. It's a beautiful development. Robert Dagle, terrific people person understood, you know, really understood what the concept was. What's kind of led us to this point is, you know, and I'm on the advisory board. I have a problem telling somebody that bought a $500, $600,000 home that you can't park your motorhome in front of your house for 24 hours. But you got a part my complex. And the sub a vision that's been granted exemption from this. living in the subdivision, which I mean we want them to experience the same thing we experience, but the bottom line is you know how do you how do you tell your resident that spent this money in Young'sville you can't do this but here's somebody written in the apartment they can do it so what we need to look at is everybody needs to be treated equally we all need to be under the same covenants under the same ordinance okay and I've mentioned this to Jordan you know is there's very many phases that have been introduced what really needs to happen before the developer has relinquished the Clare control is all the covenants and the declarations and the bylaws need to be cleaned up okay it ought to be very simple very clean this is what the subdivision this is the rules this is regulations now on the second thing after it was presented now y'all find out that well the parish has all these restrictions that need to be followed when subdivisions are developed it makes perfect says to me that it ought to ought to ought to all be in that ordinance it ought to be simple for Jordan it ought to be simple for the bailies here's the ordinance now this is what you need to do to build this subdivision I mean the concept is this fantastic yeah I love being in my golf court and being able to get everything that I need right there okay and hey being on the board I'm there to for people to voice their opinion to me if they've got a problem bring it to me you know I'll bring it to Jordan and them I'll get an answer one way another you know you may be happy with it you may not but but that's what I'm there for okay and you know I like people to bring questions up in concerns that if they're having problems so I really I like the changes okay yeah there's some eyes and tees and y'all need to look at all that but I really think that this is something that can be a positive and not a negative so yeah that's all I got to say thank you thank you mr. Landry do any other public comment mr. Dagle council I guess first we're the only tnd and young zill so this really doesn't impact anybody other than us right now outside of press got in the bailies for baili Grove but if you look at their revision that's probably 50 to 60 things that are advised much more than just eyes and tees it it's fundamental hallmarks of tnds that are getting changed whether it's parking requirements whether it's densities requiring certain percentage of mix use and commercial whatever it is there's there's things being changed in this ordinance that are at the forefront of a tnd and some of the revisions in the ordinance now if they were passed as is are even more strict and just regular neighborhoods so for instance the multi-family density requirement proposed in the revision is greater than the multi-family density outside so for the bailies why would they go zone and be a tnd when I can get more density outside of a tnd which is just totally counterintuitive to what a tnd is which is small outlines higher density walkability open space same thing there's some some drainage aspects that are fundamentally different I guess there's 40 or 50 things that are different I have a heartburn about 10 of them they all stem from parking requirements different things that there's a method to the madness when my dad first did this and he went to celebration watercolors seaside the carolina's and there's there's things and reasons why things were done the way they were and some of those things are being proposed to be changed so I'm here to answer any questions I'd be happy to meet with anybody between now and the next meeting to maybe provide some feedback and some context but here to answer any questions mr. Jorin thanks for being here you answered one of my questions about where your father and the group you know got the inspiration and my second answer or second question for an answer is I've seen seaside but can you elaborate on the how those other tnds are being handled now how are they thriving there is any issues yeah I would say seed size probably the most successful tnd that we have in the us one of the changes deals with on street parking and not counting on street parking towards parking requirements I mean if you go to river ranch you go to seaside celebration in business on street parking especially around the town center is is everything if you don't have on street parking you don't have businesses you utilize on street parking in lieu of multiple parking lots at our i-sores people would rather look at multi-story buildings parking hidden in the rear on street parking and and what that does is you eliminate the the negative aesthetics on the streetscape and you add on street parking in front of the businesses that you're able to add more businesses is the parking perfect no it's not perfect the streets narrow yes by design that's a whole other issue that I can get into there's a a scientific method on a certain right away with that people slow down just because they don't feel safe driving out of certain speed but I mean it a lot of planning and fourth thought was put into the way sugaral pond was designed I'm not saying I disagree with everything in the revision I agree with the mayor that there's some things that need to be updated that are 20 years old absolutely but I do think some of the proposed changes are are drastic and will definitely alter the integrity of the neighborhood and it's it is a lot I mean obviously we've been discussing this for a while right I know you have and you are making yourself available I guess if we decide I mean obviously my first thing is to dig into these semi-final revision but I do I would love to sit with you sit with stakeholders like you know talk to Simone a little bit more about it because I guess you know I go back to when I bought my first home in Youngsville 14 years ago so you know I looked at it and said I'll be able to park in my garage I'll be able to put both cars in there nobody does that right I have street parking when I look to sugaral pond I drove through there and I knew like okay we're not going to park I didn't know about T&Ds at the time I mean until you know running for office for first time and I do agree there's a place for it it's it's a phenomenon like Mr. Lange say it's a phenomenal neighborhood I hope we get another one because I think there's a need for it I think some of it is probably education from the realtors not maybe educating their buyers but I do think there are some things in here like you said and like you know Mr. Mone said that you know probably definitely be tweaked sure I mean obviously yeah Pam is Grande and Nicole discovered a lot of you know outdated things that need to be added so yeah I'd wear a copy of that I hope you are willing to meet with us as well as another people from Sugaral pond probably will too yeah and if I could just add the the topic of us excluding people from the Hua I know it's more of an Hua issue not a city council issue but the only exclusions to date are the water view apartments sugarmobiles and rouses and that's simply for the fact that it's not a perfect system in order to get certain uses that you like you have to be willing to give up something there are certain areas in river answered are not included in the Hua because the use wouldn't have agreed to come and they're a part of the association so rouses wouldn't have picked to come the sugar mill if they had to pay Hua dues a report of the same we held rouses 50,000 square foot grocery store the same design standards as a residential house it just wouldn't be feasible for them to come same thing on apartment complexes and multi-family so we have four or five apartment complexes in river ranch not a part of the association it's really not a problem fresh markets not part of the association in riverance so it's not like we're handpicking and choosing and playing favorites it's literally sacrifices to be made to to bring the best uses we can to neighborhood yeah I'm just curious about it he mentioned it obviously to me to a neighborhood issue but he brought up about motorhome I think got an apartment complex is that yeah the waterview wheeler something parked like all over the left yeah I think on on broil there's a resident of the waterview apartments I was parking along broils on the entree parking that um Simone brought it up and she was on the board at sugar mill obviously we as a neighborhood in the developer I don't want an 18-wheeler park there but I thought Simone that it was a public street I didn't have the authority to toze a body from a public street that they would need to get the mayor or the police involved to do that that's not the neighborhood allowing the 18-wheeler stay there we told them multiple times Lucas in our office had plenty of conversations with them Gina our maintenance guy but it's a public road we just didn't have the authority to tow oh we we had the same issue money to say you know in the prior chief had them park on no delta yeah yeah to solve the issue correct I brought it up when I was on the board and we we would like we it was we were killing ourselves however um prior to Jordan being his involved disease now mainly because his his day had had passed away with that had all the knowledge of what should have been done we had Teddy and Teddy always told us I moved in that subdivision in 2014 that every place in this uh traditional neighborhood has to abide by our covenants and whenever we'd have a problem on the board I see chase here tonight he was on the board with us uh and you know as even to the extent of if they put a lawn chair on their balcony which are things that we can't leave in our lawns okay because our covenants are very strict and Teddy would take care of that he would go to the apartments he'd knock on the door and he'd say you have to move it you can't do that you are part of a traditional neighborhood development and I can expand that question because when the the neighborhood was developed it was all the same footprint in other words those apartments that end the Shugamio pond footprint there is a footprint and borders just like a regular subdivision but what we found out is they were relieved of the covenants therefore the people that had the 18 wheelers and I found out well just last week as a matter of fact we have another business the commercial if you would go in every commercial business on um in Shugamio pond that we want to thrive I mean we want our commercial businesses to thrive they will say they are losing customers and clients every day because they cannot park in the front they have no designated parking in the front of their commercial businesses because the apartments are taking all of those spaces when they have a developed parking lot in the back of there they're that has to come with part of the development uh that they get they have to designate so many spots so yes this does change some of your commercial parking because this would be designated for those commercial spots I can promise you I visited every business in Shugamio pond I went because the original ordinances and I think it stayed that way five every one spot every 500 feet was the original ordinance at state that is the same but every commercial spot however it's not being given to the commercial businesses and I went never business I actually measured every business we only have one in there that may be 500 square feet it might be the boroughs shot might be the only one all the rest are over almost over a thousand commercial tap rooms really larger so their designated by ordinance of previous ordinance one spot but the apartments water view apartments are taking those spots they're the people living in the apartments it did not change the ordinance that said if they have a front facing a door facing the road press back because you have some that a commercial and then you have some apartments that actually face the road they are still allowed to park on that street in those in those spots along press got it only affects commercial last week I was talking to one of the businesses uh and I was told and I did not see this but I believe it that the apartments actually had someone that repossessed vehicles and they would store the vehicles on the street in front of the commercial parking spots until someone came and picked up the course they were all tagged and it was someone operating out of the apartments operating their business and using the streets and shingamopan putting the cars in front of commercial businesses so I did not ask the commercial businesses to come tonight I can get them to come to the next meeting when it's time for y'all to vote on it but clearly if you go in every business so I would hope that you wouldn't only just speak I get Jordan uh I don't think this is affecting a traditional neighborhood development I don't think and and when he talked about seaside and all I'm I'm racking my brain I've been there only twice and it is on the main artery right seasides on the main artery of the road um we have many arteries that come through shingamopan so which causes some problems with traffic a lot of congestion with traffic is I don't think anyone ever dreamed that we would have a wonderful school or because a wonderful school with 4,000 students coming through the neighborhood and I don't think seaside has a school inside their their footprint I'm not sure they might have a school but maybe not through the the the interior do you know seaside I don't think there's a school I'm not sure how that relates to to parking on fresh path there schools yeah with 4,000 kids um so I don't think those have that as a traditional neighborhood that was to design out the traditional neighborhood was designed based on those which I think is offers you a very good quality of life I really I really like it however it has posed some problems uh in the neighborhood also when we mentioned river ranch uh I drove through they are the other day because I wanted to remember uh driving through in river ranch which I think is a beautiful community when you talk about uh the market and all of that if you look at river ranch their commercial is mostly confined they do have their city center and they have apartments on one side of the city center and some town homes but you don't see the actual uh a lot of the single family residential in those areas it's it's it's pushed back more instead of like it was developed in uh Sugar Mill pond so I think all of those over the years uh and the growth which we all we all like growth and we want to see our city grow and and uh be maintained properly I think the bottom line here is I think is simple solution I really do I believe that no one should be relieved of covenants when you're your permitting was based on everyone being in that footprint I agree with mr. Landry everyone should be treated equally so it has become a a large problem some of the other things with drainage and things and things like that are already in our current ordinances so this this ordinance just kind of mimics all of those and puts it all in with a traditional neighborhood development because we do know that a traditional neighborhood development does get extra points to be able to do those close knit homes and and um less sed backs you know we don't have the sed backs on a traditional neighborhood would have well say traditional a regular subdivision would have uh so the street what the streets I get the walkability I love it I love to see kids riding their bikes on the street I tell people it reminds me of the way I grew up as a young girl and uh that's why I love the neighborhood under them but I think it we do have some problems that could be resolved one of them is everyone needs to be treated equally and the apartments or the town homes should not be relieved relieved of any of our covenants so the the town homes are part of the HUA they pay dues the town homes are over 600 single-family residential homes every one of those homes is part of the HUA there's three uses in the neighborhood that are not uh the two apartment complexes and rouses um I could go back and do it again I would exclude rouses seven days a week I think the city would agree with that with the sales tax it brings in um so I think if you're just going to put a blanket statement in the revision that just says you can't exclude anybody one I think that's an HUA issue not a city issue but two I think you're going to get yourself and trouble down the road on Bailey Grove sure going to a pond we don't have room for that but Bailey Grove is 700 acres I think you're going to get in trouble and and miss out on plenty of good uses that'll go elsewhere that don't want to be part of HUA and and I respectfully disagree with you because I do believe that the apartment complexes should abide at least be cognizant of the fact that our homeowners and residential single-family residential and town homes pay $135 a month to live in there but they have access to the amenities the apartments don't have access you and I you and I talked about this uh in the meeting um I don't want to try and exempt anyone from using the public areas they're public areas we love to see people in our neighborhood we host events all a ton read to the public but they're they don't they are not using our amenities not the pool they can't get in our pool because it's so small the gym they're not allowed to use the gym because they do have their own gym I'm talking about the public areas that are accessible and we do have more problems in the way of I mean I live there and look I tell people I look out my window every day and I I can see what's going on they will host events uh the apartments will host events they will have people married on uh grounds which I think is a beautiful place if you want to have a wedding uh but that's not something that we allow our residents to do without getting permission correct prior that's correct using those public spaces that they are already submitting $135 a month for that's correct my office is on press got across the street I live the block away from there I've never seen a a wedding take place for the resident of water view ever I live on water view with an empty light and I see the pond every day and I see you know the residents of water how do you know there are residents of water view because I go over and I ask I've already stopped someone with a business that was taking photographs every Sunday and uh and using that spot in a tent uh a little clear tent and I went and told her she had to get permission to use that property to not come back so you see I don't mind and I don't mind telling people when they park in the front of someplace asking them where they live if they should be there please be cognizant of our businesses so I will tell you I've been there and I've seen that I have knowledge toward uh miss my name but I mean that's just yeah I just want to clear up some of the I just have one thing uh and what we're looking at is a lot of this and it'd be something I'd bring up with you with the two apartment complexes obviously rouses I mean it's a cornerstone of Youngsville I mean let's just like I mean and and if you could have made it bigger yeah why not I mean they're adding on for some businesses yeah I mean it's yeah uh what uh some of these apartment complexes are you able to go in and have them restrict parking like a signage a sign saying no we talked about going to the apartment developer having to put stickers on all the residents so if they're parking on the commercial uh you would know that they're an apartment resident not supposed to be there uh which you referred to with Teddy earlier we have a good relationship with with both owners of the apartment complexes okay we see something we'll reach out to the property manager that lasts the residents remove the lawn chair or whatever else is on the balcony is it a perfect system no um but I mean it yeah it is and I get dies or like an 18-wheeler or a large commercial trailer so is that something like you put a sign of like in some neighborhoods where you know no you know three axles or I don't you know yeah so we went and that's actually are you eight I don't know we went and actually talked to the driver uh he parked in the internal parking lot for a day and then he went back on the street then we got the property management group involved with water view they put a notice on his window he moved for a week came back um uh but uh I really struggling to figure out why we're still talking about an 18-wheeler and 18-wheeler's not allowed on any residential street of youngsville right uh wait sir if you hope I'll be happy to recognize you but I'll let I can get that for Keith yeah please uh Keith actually called young industries because we're I'm sorry I didn't remember we're talking about a public street so what so is it an ordinance that you should propose to say no 18-wheeler's or on any residential I don't want it on my street but if there's an 18-wheeler on my street I would bring forth an ordinance to say I don't want an 18-wheeler on my street oh there is I think yeah we do we have a no three axle so I think we have a I mean so but what happened in this case was the um the 18-wheeler decided well I'm just gonna park on the property and jump the curb so he was jumping a city curb that we have to get out and fix when it's broken and he was going on young industries property that's why mr. Landry stood up mr. Landry called young industries young industries gave us permission to haul it off so at that point we did call the chief I don't know if if you end in that but anyway uh beside that we did call and we had the truck towed so that they did troll the truck we had a problem with another one that wasn't a three axle though that was parking on the street on the carabout so you know our ordinance takes care of three axle the city couldn't do anything about the other one it wasn't a three axle but it had a 30-foot flat dead it was pulled by a different truck so um I think those things can be fixed if they're apart if say those apartments we have some other products we're not we're not relieved of the HOA covenants our covenants we take people and find them when they're doing that in the in the subdivision our residents so that we could we could probably adjust and I think the 18 wheels we haven't seen anymore um but that's a part of it is there it's a little deeper than that but is there an is there is there a desire to eliminate apartment complexes from T&Ds in your in your perspective I would think for the benefit of the residents the residents single-family residential I would say yes okay so so I don't have an opinion on that what I'll share with you is that what's what's proposed the purpose of this ordinance is to encourage mixed-use compact development from my research I'm showing that apartments can range anywhere from 20 to 40 units per acre so by saying 15 you're you're we're an essence saying you can't have them so I just wanted to establish that as so that's so we don't so like tonight it's this is where established we don't want we're confirming we don't want the exterior storages and we don't want apartments in this draft ordinance in future T&Ds I think that's one opinion because I think a lot of commercial businesses that surround these apartment complexes and that are thriving that's what makes it in all of these people that live in the T&D including the apartment in town right and that's what I said I think it's really a simple solution if they would not be relieved of the HOA covenants so so I guess so I've never been in an HOA apartment on my years back in the day I don't I paid renters insurance but I never was part of an HOA I think I think the I know one apartment complex is not owned or wasn't developed per say in that area by you guys but I think moving forward with those apartment complex maybe it's something that we add that they don't allow certain things at these apartment complexes that are put up or within a T&D you know it sounds like there's just a couple little tweaks with the environments I think we're in yeah we're all night long but I'm a soft-talking I guess I just have one question with the with what you brought up about the parking like if you have these businesses and they have designated parking spots and then you're making the the apartment residents they're going to have the park in their parking spot so then whenever we have an event and you have more people that want to come then the apartment complex in my opinion would then have the right to state if you park in our parking lot we're going to tell you because this is for our residents only I would like to address it from being able to enact that I know I agree with you but the apartment complex already tells the commercial businesses in that complex that they can not end that are renting from the complex they cannot park inside their complex the commercial business owners and I can I can verify that with the commercial businesses I've visited every one of them but the actual apartment complex does not allow their own commercial commercial businesses in that complex park inside the parking lot in the back so largely what we have here is a parking issue it's I'm just trying to I'm trying to I want to be creative when I go home tonight and really try to solve how we can encourage people to be more neighborly yeah yeah because I think that we the majority of this time has been spent on parking and water view apartments water view apartments has been there for a long time and we've already established that we would certainly do something different and our actions have demonstrated it because 1.25 parking spaces at water view is not what we have at Sugar Movelas but three I think is just inconsistent with I think I think to some extent part of this is over correcting with all due respect to that point I mean the revision in the ordinance is calling for three parking spaces per every multifamily apartment or town home but in the other part of the ordinance you only need two spots for a single family residential house so I could have a five bedroom house with eight nine people live in there and have two spots but if I have a 500 square foot studio apartment I'm required to build three spots correct it just doesn't make any sense yeah well Jordan I want to first of all I want to thank you for being here and for your families continuing investment in Youngsville I think without your dad's instrumental advice and knowledge I think that Youngsville honestly wouldn't have boomed the way they did it had Sugar Movela not been developed so I'll say that to start with secondly the only reason I'm a second of the motion to introduce this is to have discussion about it I don't know if we're really about 90% of it I think that it does I get the whole eyes and tease and we need to update some things because of an old ordinance but you know I have an architect who designs things in Jacksonville I have a family who lives in celebration I've been to see sawd a thousand times by doing exactly what is done in this ordinance there's no point in even building a tnd you soon just build something else totally agree I get the parking issues but a lot of these issues that we're going to have sound like neighborly issues and things that are without your control things that we need to decide between H.O.A. covenants and then legalities and points with the police I don't think they're destroying and botching an entire ordinance to run a development for today and the future is what we need to do that's the that's not just my opinion vicious facts I think that's what a tnd was designed to do I think by doing this you pretty much just do not call it a tnd ordinance I appreciate that I couldn't agree more yeah I would love to sit down with you in the future there just to go over some things about the way you'd add a division what the tnd design and what you're doing a vision for the future with you know obviously some tweaks and stuff but I think the majority we have here works for this intentions I'm happy to meet any time appreciate it thank you Mr. Nilell I already told okay um let's shop on your ear I don't want to exclude I just hope that everyone knows tonight including Jordan that this ordinance was redesigned with the best interests of the people that live in that neighborhood now and things that are not working without a commitment from the developer to correct some of the things that are in this ordinance problems will continue to exist and they will continue to manifest themselves now there's a there's a solution to that we can move but we shouldn't have to move out of the subdivision to correct just a few things that should be done well there's more than just a few things because there there are a lot of engineering facts in here that need to be corrected in an ordinance I love working with people but there has to be a commitment and a compromise that goes both ways I couldn't agree more I mean to be fair you didn't even let me know that this has been introduced I found out from the the Bailey family Jordan I sat on the board y'all knew some of the concerns that we have had so don't come and say that you didn't know about any of these concerns I was aware the water view concerns that we just went over and I do have to say water view has been sold right a couple times we still have some minority investors which is Mr Rodney Savoa that has agreed to he would help work he's a minority investor but hasn't those apartments been sold a couple times maybe I'm not aware it's not my complex yeah so I guess we're getting no co-operation I guess is that what we're living with no cooperation I think you said a few things but there's like 16 pages of things I mean it's not a few it's the whole ordinance is completely destroyed you rewrote the whole thing it's not a few things the whole thing is botched so that's not a tnd ordinance you rewrote it to be a whole new development to what you want not a tnd all right tell me what is some of the other one since as you bring it up let's I mean hold we I mean I'm not going to sit here on the whole ordinance you know it's not just once the whole ordinance we could go through a line but you went through it line by line and dictated and changed everything in here to what you felt needed to be best fit it's not just a few things I mean look at it's a it's a book it's very extensive yes right so my point is is that what you did was not just changed a few things to update them you changed the ordinance to fit what you thought would be best but it's no longer a tnd ordinance if that's the case then if you win it if it wasn't good enough and it wasn't successful then they wouldn't have built all the sure upon and expanded what they did they would have moved out when somewhere else and they would be about to do something else here again I mean it works for its intended purposes during it nothing in life is perfect but what what what the intention of this ordinance was to accomplish was accomplished and grown with with great success I can't agree more because when the Bailey Grove group came and taught and it was posted on Facebook like 600 something kind it was something ridiculous the amount of and and probably the only negative thing I saw on there was well leaving home and getting there's going to be a little difficult well that's a city problem that's it's already an issue you know we're we have room to expand there but the excitement for another tnd development with that as a school in the heart of it and other things in a lot more pocket areas there was a lot of people excited I mean that's I'd like just a little clarification because some of the comments made are relative to some of the common areas I had sugarmobahn you know my my appreciation from working with the dagels for years is that the community was welcome in common areas I've always felt welcome as a resident of Young Zool you know whether I choose to walk my dog or whether I choose to ride my bike now of course I've never established the business there you know to squat on somebody else's property I wouldn't do that but I think that's where perhaps the internal neighborhood security comes in like hey not quite the intended use you know get a special event permit I've also always felt welcomed doing the same in river range you know I don't I think that you know the town square is beautiful there and you you go and I don't think it's uncommon to see somebody sitting out and being part of it so I believe that was my appreciation of those spaces correct I mean with if we just wanted it to be open to the resident it would be gated there's a reason it's not gated without outside non-resident feedback and people venturing into the neighborhood the the business is internal to the neighborhood wouldn't survive we need outside residents to come into the field and I don't deny that and I don't disagree with that that doesn't say anything in this new ordinance that they cannot they cannot access those areas disordinates does not say that so and we we welcome I mean we have events we love our events in that neighborhood and see and people come in we welcome people I was wrong I'm I'm Mr. Landry I'm sorry I'd love to give you the last word if you'd like I know I okay any more questions no I'll reach out to you Mr. Landry thanks thank you for being patient that's not a problem you're right the water view apartments is what started all this okay and you know it'd be one thing if they didn't have any parking places and they're dedicated parking but they did it's a never full never full I go to classy canine my dogs get groomed there once a month there's a Louis Lafayette police car parked in front there every single day he lives in near apartments okay you know it it'd be a simple solution but I still think that this ordinance needs to be tweaked okay all the red stuff that's that is strictly to me that's engineering stuff that has to do with the the rules of the parish okay so don't be blown away because there's so much red it's because it wasn't in there and it should have been in there now the blue stuff look apartments I don't have a problem with the apartments but hold them to the standard in the neighborhood that they're in okay and I think any future apartments that are built in in this city needs to have dedicated parking and they need to have tags and they need to park in their apartment complex it just makes sense to me because the outside parking and then you have people that want to run businesses out so but at least I appreciate it it's a wonderful subdivision nothing's perfect but that doesn't mean you don't strive for perfection okay so don't throw the baby out with the bath water all right just this the board have a relationship with the water view manager because I I can't tell you who that individual I'll put it this way I handled lights in the subdivision for almost three years security would make a list of the street lights that were out they'd put it under my dormat every week I type it up I send it to slimco well water view apartments had lights that were out so I would copy the manager on those lights they're still out today so that'll answer you question well they may you know I you know I look at lighting is lighting security okay that's what keeps the the bad element out I happen to have a trailer park our re-park in Donnesonville y'all really want to go someplace that has problems go see Donnesonville okay Nicole can I withdraw my second please huh so I'll put LED lights and cameras while I solve that problem so it doesn't matter where it is you could you can improve things all right look I I don't mind being part of a meeting with the water view manager I know when we had when the meeting that I was part of where we did have a one of the owners present he said he would follow up with the apartment complex and it's gotten a lot better and he did it's gotten a lot better but like I said the police car hadn't moved yet but I guess let me offer my help if you'd like me to be part of helping for so but I'll say this and I guess I'm drawing a comparison the the manager for Sugar Movelas I wouldn't know her if I saw her but I know her name and she's very engaged and she's she's she's she's a interacts quite often yeah you know so I have a contact there you know so you know I don't mind it means similar to how we have relationships with H.O.H. throughout our city if we need a from the city lean in and and and maybe you know speak with a with with that voice to try to engage the you know apartment manager you know little bit but the one thing that bothered me you know I heard a comment made that well we don't want apartments I don't have a problem with apartments but they got to follow what the rest of the neighborhood follows I mean it just doesn't make sense that you put an island in a in a subdivision that's highly restricted and and it can become animal house okay that just that that's not that's not good so thank you all right uh that I missed something on I would do a second so it does a motion from some own and I would do the second so just like the motion currently so somebody wants to say I don't know I will second this there are a lot of things I don't agree with but I'm going to hopefully highly encourage every single one of us have five of us to meet with anybody from the neighborhood Mr. Dagle uh price got whose potential feature gonna build a tnd because there's a lot of uh work from my understanding from Pam and Nicole there's a lot of things that are being that needed to be revised on this so I think for the sheer sake of those revisions I'm second in this motion but if it changes it's gonna have to be reintroduced right from this well no we would have to make a revision when we final approve it next month if it's up for it'll be on the next month's agenda any changes would have been made part of that motion correct correct or approve does it it's either approved does it next month or with any I guess I'm just gonna wait some a second on introducing until we had it where we wanted it at versus where was it today that's that's that's a personal opinion so yeah I get it all right so uh mr. Volgiano would be true and mr. Romero is now seconding Miss jumpines initial motion mr. Nile I was just gonna say that it would it would be nice to just have the ordinance submitted with what the required changes were to be able to see what the actual required things are versus all the extra stuff in there it would make it much easier to digest and look at everything to make sure that it all lines up that would have been my only request is there any other comment from the public we would welcome your feedback at this time all right there's been a motion and second far as you have a question no all right there's a motion and second and there's no additional comment misgid your please call the vote to introduce far as yes mr. Volgiano no mr. Romero yes mr. Nile no yes yes motion approved all right ordinances for introduction at gen item 9.1 oh excuse me at 9.2 ordinance 503 2025 and aggregate and amendment and revisions of the city of young zoe state of Louisiana's and young zoe sales tech district 1 sales and use text ordinance totaling 3.5 percent yeah if it's the council's pleasure i've missed a drew talbot's been waiting has been here very patiently so mr. Talbot thank you for joining us this evening sir thank you good evening mr. Mayor members of the council my name's drew talbot i'm an attorney from baton Rouge to Louisiana and I specialize in sales and use tax matters what's before you is as the agenda item says it's it's taking the four separate sales tax infositions in the city of youngsville it's aggregating them into one document and it's revising your terms in your ordinance to comport with current state ball it does not increase taxes it doesn't change anything about the dedication of the proceeds or anything else it's just a i think a good government measure um in this case the sales and use tax ordinances that are currently in effect were adopted in 1968 1981 1999 and 2011 and since those documents that memorialized each of those sales taxes or went into effect those documents haven't been updated and it's a good time to update them and the reason i suggest that is because under the governor's leadership last fall there was the third extraordinary session of the legislature where we call it the tax reform session and major changes were made to state statutory law and these changes had effect at both the state level and the local level automatically so what has happened especially with the passage of time certainly from the oldest ordinances but even from the 2011 ordinance is you've got terms that seem to be outdated and what this proposed aggregate ordinance does is it just makes it abundantly clear that the sales tax law in the city is the same as it is throughout the rest of the state i'm i can certainly go into a lot of detail i'm happy to answer any questions but i'll leave it at that for right now thanks for waiting two and a half hours pleasure patiently uh i've dealt with this with my own personal work with the digital tax and everything uh i think was it march or somewhere around there it actually went into effect or January 1 January 1 okay i guess we took an effect in March um we're we're paying this as a community as a individual you're already paying this netflix hulu whatever else you want to you know online all that stuff essentially what we're doing here is accepting this tax funding as a municipality by moving forward with this like to dummy it down yeah and and you know if i wanted to really get technical with you um one of the major changes just to make sure everybody's on the same page one of the major changes made during the tax reform session was the legislature in my view clarified the law with respect to digital products and they were there was at the time there was some existing litigation and digital products is a very broad term but there was a litigation about certain things being included already under the old law as taxable or not this was in my view a clarification of the law but it's important to note as we consider this agenda item what does your ordinance do and what can your ordinance do versus what it can't do um and so to go into the statute if if you look today and this was effective what we call the uniform local sales tax code is effective in July of 2003 it says the terms in your ordinance do not apply except for the following the rate of tax the effective date the term the purpose of the proceeds vendors compensation and then certain exemptions and exclusions what so so you know digital products the legislature already satisfied that it's already taxable here so why go through this exercise and the reason is because the citizens in the city the businesses that operate in the city that transact the city can pull your ordinance and look at it and rely upon it and so you know it I think it's best practice to make sure that we make sure that if the state law reads a certain way our law reads a certain way even though from a legal perspective what the ordinance says or doesn't say on that subject is really irrelevant I know that's a long way around but did that answer your question what we have correct would it tax no matter what but now it's just a matter of young so cleaning up our tax laws and making sure that we're increment essentially in compliance correct because no matter what if we don't vote for this I'm still paying the extra tax next month on my netflix on my online stuff everything else yes sir and in fact and and just to give a little context I represent 44 pairs is including Latviet and the school board who's the sales tax collector for all the taxing authorities in Latviet I recommend it to all of my clients you know basically the entire state that this be done that this exercise to update to modernize just as kind of a piggybacking effort from what the state was doing with tax reform this is essentially local tax reform but you're right the state has already made the decision so that we don't have multiple sets of rules in every different jurisdiction and every other municipality I believe around this is already adopted this exact I don't know for the most part the timing about it but yeah correct yes miss champon thank you okay when we say this has been being collected has it just been since January of 2025 so we got to define what what this is so if you're asking about digital products okay digital price so under the old law we had various examples that I can give you so for example if I wanted to purchase a Microsoft office I could go to the Microsoft website and you download that program onto your computer that was very clearly the transfer of software which is defined to be tangible personal property under the old law Microsoft would charge tax to that customer would collect it and would remit it okay that was old law and I'll give you a different example I use QuickBooks in my business QuickBooks was an online based system you know I don't download any program I but I access it via the web on my computer I put my information about my you know revenue and expenses and then I can certainly download reports but it's all cloud-based you know the so-called software as a service well QuickBooks was not charging the sales tax now you know that's where there were some disputes and you had some software providers that would say well even though we're cloud-based we're going to charge the tax and you had others that would say well I'm not and then there was some litigation involving that and there was some interesting court cases and opinions but this was in a state of flux and so during the tax reform session testimony from the Secretary of the Department of Revenue talked about this provision clarifying the law in that respect but making it clear that everybody is going to play by the same rules and that even the cloud software providers would charge tax so it was a really a mixed bag depending upon the company the nature of the digital product and other things associated with that space so what do you say when someone says this is a new tax because we've never collected it before I'd say that the the Landry administration through the Secretary would would disagree with that and that you know that was currently up to the court so I believe there was some jurisprudence in favor of the state on that point and even in the past if we had to go to the voters for any increase in sales tax or our sales tax and we had to bring it to the voters what allows this not to be brought to the voters so this is the uniform local sales tax code this is title 47 section 337.2 what that section says is you know so the first the name we're making local sales tax uniform that the legislature did this in 2003 and by doing that they said that all of the local ordinances throughout the state are irrelevant with with the following exceptions and I just listed them the rate of tax the term the dedication of the proceeds certain exemptions and exclusions so the legislature has already decided that they're going to determine at a state and local uniform level what definitions are what things are are not taxable what happens if we don't pass this who does the state have a hammer that they're going to come down on us um if you don't pass it then the the tax is still going to be imposed it's still going to be charging collecting collect the school board is our taxing authority correct so the school board would still admit that tax submit that tax to the city we wouldn't know what that is though because it's it's uh I use this example when when you buy something off the internet you have that sales tax and it's just one one uh amount one percentage so but that's not divided up when it goes to the school board offices it like if if I buy numerous things if I buy digital if I buy hardware right all from the same company they don't separate it so do we have any idea what is generating so you're correct that that they don't segregate out based on the category of the transaction um some of the tax at the local level would be remitted through the school board as the single collector for Lafayette parish some of the tax will go through the what's called the remote sellers commission which collects all sales tax state and local from remote sellers so those are your internet companies that are delivering packages into Young'sville but they don't have a physical presence in the state they don't have employees in the state um the only way to know for sure the amount of tax recovered from digital products is simply to audit the companies that sell digital products and so I believe there have been some estimates put out at a statewide level as part of the administration's tax reform package last fall but I don't have any specific numbers that I could share with you for the city so like we just stated if we if we would do nothing if that the city would still receive the 3.5% yes based on that this on that law and the state law yes I think though the the purpose here is just to to clean this up and to make sure it is clear that there's not a a different set of rules to anybody that would pull the ordinances and look and to modernize things there's you know some of these like for example the 1968 ordinance has references to definitions that are irrelevant now that have been removed that have some of them have statutory references that have now been changed so it's more than just the digital products issue okay thank you the motion motion by mr. Boljano second by mr. Boljano excuse me motion by mr. Boljano second by mr. Nylon any council discussion any public comment give mr. Drew there's no public comment please call the rule miss Barra's yes mr. Boljano yes mr. Romero yes mr. Nylon yes miss Sean Conno no should approve mr. Talbot thank you sir gen. Adam 9.3 ordinance 507 2025 in ordinance the city of young zool established and and recognized in a fire prevention bureau within the young zool volunteer fire department it's a chief here uh Austin captain would you like to address the council sir you hear if anybody has any questions about it what it means I don't know if y'all have talked about it yet but all this does is establish us to act in lieu of the fire state fire marshal to be able to do yearly inspections on buildings and the idea behind it is we can get rating points for to improve our pia allocating having a fire bureau for prevention bureau this is a strategic move forward by the board of directors of the fire department to put our best foot forward to maintain and strengthen our fire rating and put us in the best posture prior to the next rating process we do we do prefer points uh annual rating but this is going to allow us when we're doing inspections that if there's any kind of uh large hazards that will be moved within the facility or someone moves out and some moves back in they may get a new certificate of occupancy but we will not catch all those so essentially if uh you know a boutique moves out and halibut moves in per se and that just very drastic difference but we'll know that there's you know large quantities of fuel oil um things that have um uh radio active material things like that that we're going to know about in case of an incident we'll know about those things uh but uh by having someone in this bureau with fire prevention uh when we go to schools and then obviously uh in a more in-depth uh inspection before the after the fire motion initial inspection uh grants us a lot more rating points so the insurance premiums then would come down uh and it helps us organize how we can keep things uh i guess file per se miss bores how was just making the motion all right thank you man motion by councilman borris is there a second second second by councilmember boljano any council discussion any public comment what's the cost of that so uh when we were figuring out what we did was we took our previous rating and we uh did all the math behind it figured out where we could have proved and there's multiple ways we could have proved this was the most costly efficient way if you look at it as like uh how much money you paid to bring up the rating so basically this would we would hire one person to do this or software or CRM that we use right now already has the ability to do it so there's no cost in there it's basically one salary uh to have somebody do it okay so we met with uh a couple different bureaus uh chief and i and ask them we know how many businesses are in young zoo and everything of how many businesses one person can do and uh for example brusher has this and one of their part time guys uh can do about 500 businesses a year and when we were getting the list together i think we're right at probably you at 400 by the time we get all this done so i wouldn't anticipate needing a second person for a little while so you're looking at one uh less than a hundred probably 70,000 with benefits and all for that one position okay it's part time person no it'd be a full time position yeah brusher probably would uh they have about four or five different points out just because they don't have one. Was it brusher yeah yeah but now this with his sole job would be doing inspections and pre-plans and stuff and uh could help out as a safety officer on fire scene when asked to but uh his primary focus would be doing the yearly inspections now the uh farm archival would still handle like pre-construction inspections and stuff and planning but uh we wouldn't get any extra credit for doing that so it doesn't really make sense for us to do that for the rating purposes thank you captain any public comment okay there's no public comment misgidry please call the vote for introduction mr. boljiano yes mr. marmera yes mr. nilan yes yes yes yes yes no shampoos all right we'll move into announcements uh Susan you're ready so we'll we'll do Susan Pam Tim um for the uh waste water plan we we awarded that contract um they're gonna be ready to go pretty quickly so we've got to get that done by December of 2026 with the water water sector money um the pump stations haven't changed much pump station four we're finishing up that design and i'm sorry pump station four is complete um and the final payment was submitted uh pump station three is complete and we're waiting for the lean period to expire they've addressed all the punch list items the water plant we're at uh 80 percent complete we met today to figure out the transition from the old plant to the new plants that we're getting close sugarmere upon we're still trying to nail down the forced main route and pump station five we're finishing that design thank you any questions for Susan it was a great week we've had some meetings well of course as i mentioned earlier relative to the to the funding for the wastewater treatment plant expansion but also to really uh work with uh Susan uh Terry our water department led by Alex and really start looking at our fire department uh captain uh was shot well was with this uh as was the fire chief to where we're really gonna start mapping out the service area for our new water plant so real excited about that so this has been a long time in the making and uh can't believe we're almost finished almost finished but really just getting started yeah so as we as we move into that i mean i'll be able to you know there's no no difference for the residents other than the the plant source will be different for some of our community once we once we move forward with um turning it on yep so alright Susan thank you thanks again for the water sector work Pam um yes so highway 89 we're about 55% complete we've moved uh all of the median um base and so we're now we're moving select fill onto the two northbound lanes at this time um and so that we can get that done salsa minute and then pave it then we'll open it up and start work on the west side but we do have all of the drainage already done um on the west side as well so it's moving right along um it's 55 based on pay items it's more percent complete than that if you actually go and look in the road but if you go based on the pay items that's where it's at um fortune road we haven't done anything on fortune in the last probably six weeks because our focus has been on multiple teams on highway 89 um to get that done quicker um larry deer as the mayor said they're kind of blowing and going they've probably got about it's over 800 feet of pipe laid out and drain the structures on the east side of the road already and all of the everything's been cleared as well um it is southbound only traffic um for that for for larry deer for the next year um and some coolee detention where um everything's been approved on our drainage we're still waiting on the core permit um shmait agriob and the highway 92 widenings designed we need to sit with the mayor so that we can go over the plans before we advertise for bids um and then highway 92 widening I think Nicole got something today on the debrief for that particular funding application we went through and we have not heard about uh the sidewalk application for highway 89 um the last thing is do you want to talk about the CRS me some good news after being here for as many hours yeah I think everybody needs a mood mood pick her up so um this this everybody from a standpoint of a female you know we've done a lot of things within the city um and um about two and a half years ago um Garrett and Clint submit an application to get into the community rating system for a female which allows you the opportunity to start getting discounts for those who do purchase flood insurance policies based upon the things that we currently do um many many communities enter in just like a nine we did have enough to bring us into a ten which would mean that all of the starting in April of 2026 the 1445 current policies that's how many policies you have so you know if you do simple math you got 20,000 people it's normally three per people per household that's the average you're looking at 6,000 homes so you probably have about 20% of your residents that currently have flood insurance um a 10% on a policy like myself I have a policy zone it's on next policy I pay at $1,000 a year so that's $100 savings so at a minimum if ever at a minimum people are going to save $100 we don't have it there are no $500 a female flood insurance policies anymore not since 2016 nobody seen that so you're looking at on the low in a hundred and 45,000 dollars of savings for your residents annually to an upwards limit depending on those who are paying way more than what I'm paying it could be close to the 200,000 so that's going to be an annual savings to the young civil residents and we will continue to improve um there are certain things we're trying to get to there are surrounding communities that have a seven the problem is there are some activities you cannot get points for until after you already in the CRS program and then they measure based upon your improvement so um there are several things that we're doing already and things that are really small low hanging fruit that we can do to get us into that seven by the time the next window or that that's our goal and that would mean a 15% discount so just to clarify this I don't think this matters but um for the for the late public but I think we're we're entering as a is an eight is an eight okay yeah we're entering as an eight yeah so what does this mean for you what it means is anybody that has a flood insurance policy uh nearly close to I guess 1500 people I mean our number is was that near close to 1500 from 2023 I think Garrett told us so uh 1500 people so I I think it's easily going to be uh $200,000 savings that can be back into our community back or rather back into the pockets of our policy holders for them to to spin as they want I mean in today I mean I see them all you hear about insurance is cost escalations everywhere where the homeowners flood car you name it so uh big thank you to uh Garrett and big thank you to Pam for really taking the bull by the horn and getting it done um they're right uh Clint that was one of our his strategic projects that we tasked Garrett and Clint with years ago um um fortunately unfortunately when we called FEMA and say we're looking for a discount it's and we want to be the community we want to do the community rating survey turn into a full blown audit so not what we were asking for but we did get through it and post the FEMA audit uh definitely happy about the work because it's something that uh it can go right back to the hands of the policy holders so Garrett thank you Pam thank you appreciate it anything else y'all got no uh approximately when you think those two lanes will be open for for 89 I would say we have 400 trucks left of dirt to move so another five days of hauling dirt it's also meant and then hating okay all good weathered two weeks if not three fortunately we have the dirt so yeah all right thank you Pam Tim we recently finished all the YSC All-Star season for baseball and softball and all the world series tournaments um our Mustang world series ties into our sports and tourism you know it's a great tournament to expose our city to the teams you know internationally and around the United States um our Mustang league team did really well this year they way would have have the experience to practice and scrimmage china they they beat Chicago and they competed well in two games against Mexico so it was a great tournament indoor volleyball for the girls we started practice this week we registered 651 girls adult softball games have started this week with 86 teams our summer beach league has started playoffs this week southside soccer F&A football flight football will begin practicing at the end of this month and then we'd like to thank you know Shannon and Jan um La Chalet, Nick La Chalet and and councilman Ramero with the Lions Club for donating monies to improve the inclusive playset and add with the safety of it by adding aluminum fencing around the inclusive places yeah huge thanks to every Lions Club member thank you so much for uh for for fundraising and investing that money back into our parks at REC so great addition to compliment the leadership benches that are out there and it continues to I know put a small in a lot of faces when we see that playground being used so and we we received a great compliment from the team traveling from china here so great job every resident of young of young zosha be proud all right uh Terry anything chief yeah officers we have today uh officer ABR come from iberia pair sheriff's office with 16 years experience and law enforcement wanted to come serve the community young still now we're happy to have them I just wanted to introduce everybody to them officer ABR welcome to young zosha we're happy to have you on the team sir so chief your staff now we have one opening as of now we have a simple service meeting coming up and then we'll staff the last position great anything else sir no sir all right thank you for the update hailey don't need to turn it okay uh just a reminder each sweet restaurant weeks is going on so please get your passport get out visit those restaurants um and that is all we have you have to logist 31st all right thank you hailey Terry all right uh let's see the i guess the two comments i'd like to share and then we'll open if there's any public any council comment first i want to share that at the Louisiana Municipal Association we for the community achievement awards the citizens of young zosha did receive an honorable mention in community development for the expansion of the sports complex so very proud of that achievement there was a lot of great projects that were submitted for community achievement so it's always great to see the wonderful things that are happening in the towns villages and cities across Louisiana want to extend i think congratulations again the new LMA president is our neighbor mayor ray borke so it's really good to see a local mayor lead that organization for the next year and last comment i guess i just want to make was relative to you know this year uh nine years since the flood of 2016 um i didn't acknowledge it that day but you know just for those of you that flooded it may not a day goes by that we don't have some level of discussion relative to drainage in the progress that our public works and engineering team makes to where uh drainage it continues to be at the forefront of everything that we do uh which is really the reason why we don't make it you know a a reason to acknowledge uh but for everyone that uh that that flooded in that event you know we're still working uh to to lower your flood risk to lower the flood risk mitigation one of the things i was interesting uh that was brought to my attention this week was the high amount of funds that were made available after the 2016 flood event and how very little of them have been put into action uh for whatever reason i mean if you know of we've said that we were the only the first two to to get through the hurdle and also the construction uh but just project after project that are falling off or a myriad of reasons whether it's the the the in part bureaucratic process to go through the benefit cost analyses and the return on investment calculations or uh change in political leadership changes a lot of priorities because you really have to have stamina to see that level of grant funding through and it's really disappointing that uh despite having congressional hearings in December or November of 2023 specific to that case where Pam testified uh we still have just limited amount of funding that's that's getting spent to lower bait uh flood risk mitigation so um that's all i have are there any announcements from the council all right yes sir mr. Ramera yeah uh chief if you can go back and command all your officers working traffic flow for the schools and everything the morning uh i mean i have one at arch i want it southside i passed godlet when i leave home to go to work and i haven't seen any complaints or craziness like we have in the last couple years i'm not gonna wood for you but uh they're doing a great job i know you have some extra guys out there too i've noticed so thanks any other announcement oh i'm sorry thank you for going great any other announcements all right emotion by mr. Boljano's their second all in favor uh meeting adjourned have a great evening oh i'm a club on the dot three hours