tax policy and budget expert because I think what the families of Lafayette parents need and what the governments of Lafayette parents need is consistency. And the ability to plan. You know, you can't plan your expenditures and the five year forecast of what your town needs. And let's you know what revenues you can expect, right? You're not going to be able to build a $40 million detention pond. If you don't know that you're going to have $40 million coming in. And so that's the first part right there. The second part is the assessor must be a technology expert. So for 20 years, I've worked for Iberia Bank building a career around managing financial data systems. I get up every day and I figure out how to use technology to deliver more information, better information that saves the company money. And I'll apply that same skill set to the job of assessor. And we learned from Southwest Airlines back in December that if you don't continually invest and update your technology, you're eventually going to have a serious, serious problem that prevents you from delivering on your on your core mission. I think the assessor has to be transparent and fair. In my terminal school board, we we started a website called Lafayette checkbook.com. Every day, every morning, you can go look on that website. You can see the expenditures that the Lafayette parapschool system made yesterday, who we paid it to, how much money it was, every single day. I think we're the gold standard for transparency and local governments. And I'm very, very proud of that. But you know, all of that's great. That has to deal with the job itself. I think the most important quality of an effective assessor is that they have to have the humility to admit after applying all of this technology when you might have gotten it wrong. And so my commitment to my commitment to anyone who asked me is if anyone has a problem with their assessment, they'll be able to come to my office, they'll be able to sit with me and we'll be able to go over and I promise that if they bring facts and are able to convince convinced me that we got it wrong, we'll change the assessment. So that's the promise. So, you know, to everyone in the audience and everyone at home, if you're looking for an assessor who knows technology and finance has the experience leading successful budget reforms for governmental bodies and has a proven record of fiscal transparency, then I'm just an herb for the job. Thank you for your time. I hope I can earn your vote in October. Thank you, Justin Best of all to you. The final guest speaker this evening is a gentleman, I'm 3.5 and that's Mr. Linton Brusard who thank you for your improv to invocation for Mr. Brusard. And he's announcing his candidacy this evening for Lafayette Power School Board