few opportunities. Our organization have had many people tell us that they would be willing to staff it voluntarily and there are so many grants that we could get to, you know, that we could hope to get to be able to help maintain it. We are so, we know this is very quick, but the sense of urgency is that it's getting a lot of attention and I just hate to see it go to a business when there's so many places businesses could go in Young'sville. And I think the purpose of this would be better suited as a, as a museum. We'll follow on question so it let's say we go through the purchase we buy it. Y'all would be in charge of it, manning it. We would be we would curate it. Okay. Yes, we would curate it. What about the ongoing cost of, you know, property taxes, electricity, water, something that you could. And we, we do have some money that we have raised for the, from the brick campaign. And so yes, those are all things on the table that we can discuss in terms of helping to support, you know, the city and the purchase. And I'm looking, obviously this was not in our budget. So I'm looking through our finances. If we would do this, where would you recommend. Taking out. We had a workshop this week actually. Discussing. It all starts with the sports complex and money we're borrowing there. So we're going to make comments before I continue or. Yeah, well, I can. And that's a great question. So we should, we certainly should talk about that. Glendid, this is so, we are so appreciative of the work that the society does. And I appreciate, you know, everything that you're doing to bring us. Bring it to keep the conversation alive. Because we do have to be extremely cognizant. And you and I talked earlier cognizant about where we've been in order to have a clear compass of where we're going. I didn't realize a beautiful interior of the house was of course I past it. You know, it wasn't until earlier today that I actually looked at the pictures of it. I will say that as a, as a group of elected leaders of the city, we can make anything that we deem a priority, a priority. And you know, with that said into that the council stands various point. I need really direction, you know, from the council as to where this probably fits into our priorities. Because in the reason why is because we have a very aggressive and a very ambitious schedule of improvements that are slated over the next four years and probably fairly even beyond. Well, I mean, if you tell me that this is a priority, I can, I will, we will work together and we can, we will find the funds to do it. The timing, I think that what Mr. Burley