copy of it if not Wilkson, it's you by email eight months in tariff fiscal year. Our year over year sales tax growth is it's I think it's about seven and a half percent. We did budget six percent. So just an observation that it is, you know, tightening a little bit to where we budgeted with eight months, you know, fiscal year. But still very pleased that we're ahead of last year. So there's no comment or question. This good. Please call the vote. Mr. Voljiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Shamplan. Yes. Motion to approve. Thank you, Nicole. 5.1 resolution 2023. 04 resolution authorized and in directing the mayor to execute for and on behalf of the city of Young zoo, parish of Lafayette, Louisiana, and active substantial completion from Glen Lajay construction contract or pertaining to the completion of a contract for pump station three upgrade and the downtown streetscape project. Motion to pay us. Mayor. All right. Thank you, Councilman Shamplan. Second. Second by Councilmember Stansberry. There is a small punch list on this project that's in your packet Council members. There's already a great amount of progress that's been made on that particular punch list. And I don't know about y'all, but I'm very pleased with the way that it's come out. We are scheduled to have a ribbon cutting on Monday at 930. I believe for this to accept it from the contractor, but very pleased with the work. As we have grown so much, this is just a source of pride for all of us, you know, to have that re-imagine street between city hall, young zoo, middle, and beyond. If you leave here tonight and notice, we're still missing I think three lamp poles right outside the municipal complex building, some banner brackets to St. Anne's Church. So this first block of lights is not on yet. That's just a minor detail. I think those updated street lights are going to be coming in middle this month and then they'll be installed short back. So there's no questions on it. In this case, you're please call the vote to accept the project. Mr. Limerro. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Mr. Shamplan. Yes. Mr. Tario. Yes. Mr. Volgiani. Yes. Mr. Schubert. All right. Thank you, Councilmembers. 5.2 is resolution 2023.05 or resolution authorizing and directing the mayor to execute four. On behalf of the city of Youngsoe, Paris of Lafayette, Louisiana, active substantial completion from Glenlays, a construction contractor pertaining to the completion of a contract for the 2021 roadway improvement program. So, okay. That's all right. Emotion by Volgiano, second by Romero. Any comments or questions on this project? Again, with this minor punch list that we were working on, this was the reconstruction of Bonan Road, was probably one of the more recent projects that was part of this. And then also hundreds. How can you forget hundreds? Right. But anyway, a lot of great work. This project put a lot of