owner succeed, also, you know, in fairness, have empathy for those that live nearby. This is the exact same struggle or similar struggle that you had earlier this evening. I would, I would only say that my, my biggest argument right now is that all of the phone calls have been due to noise. Miss Dawn, which we love, we see her often, all right. Has never wrote us one ticket. We've never been out of compliance on any of our noise. And actually, my food truck itself, when it took to our building that we pay for, is quieter than my AC units out in the back. That is my biggest, biggest argument. Well, Casey, the mayor mentioned this at a administration trying to work with you. I've seen the emails. I've been part of the emails, I think, with Ressa Council. And you moved it several times. But then you went right back and kind of put it right, I don't want to talk about it. We're right back in his face. Right back in administration's face. I'm going to put it right where I think there was a good agreement that the mayor had reached with yourself. And we were all told about and, okay, we'll, you know, we'll not deal with the food truck ordinance, mobile, you know, ordinance, but we didn't want that. We want to encourage potential business and commerce, especially for those who can't invest, you know, thousands of dollars or hundreds of thousand dollars in breaking order right now. So unfortunately, that's why it was introduced at the last meeting. That's why it's up for final adoption is because of that. It's about being neighborly too. Whether it's one or one neighbor calling on Baffa 2 or 3, it's phone calls. You know, we're getting them. We're getting the emails as well. So it's about being neighborly with the people who are there next to you. Just like earlier that mayor talked about, we found some common ground. You know, it wasn't quite what the developer wanted. Wasn't quite what the neighborhood wanted, which is actually my neighborhood. So I'm probably going to catch a lot of flag on that, but it was a good middle ground to where they can bill, they can come and the two can coexist. And I think that's what the mayor did a phenomenal job on that with you at the very beginning. And it went back a couple different times until we ended up here tonight. All right, my next argument would only be that I moved it three times and the phone calls didn't stop. I was I'm telling you. All right, so no matter where my truck is parked, no matter what I do, I got a feeling that this neighbor just wants me gone. And I mean, it's a direct effect of me and my business and also my family. So I'm fighting for what I have. And I probably won't stop.