leading the parades and kind of, you know, running them there. So, but anyway, I think there's perhaps something else that we can do. I don't know what it is. Maybe one day in the future, Christmas parade or something, you know, to where we need help to be able to do that. You know, but I think there's great opportunity for young Zoda to have a festival again with the amphitheater things that we can create the community that those of you in the village want to see. So. Good. Any other, any, any other comments about that? I mean, I don't need to have the final word on this. Please, if you have something else, I mean, I'm all ears to hear it. Okay. All right. Thank you, ma'am. All right. Well, there's no other. Yes, chief. I just wanted to say thank you for the words. Also, given some numbers, I ran through myself. I was in the parade. So I got to see it from above. And then, soon as it was over with I was boots on the ground with my guys running with them. Anything they needed. But we had 20 calls for service. I ran it for a six hour period. I personally went through everyone myself. And the 20 calls for service were very light. I'm talking traffic. Obviously a couple of disturbances and one arrest. So I think for a day that filled with that many people, I've been working for over 20 years. That's a success. So overall, it was a great job. Everyone and I was very happy to see the results at the end of it. So let me make it. I know there was a comment that was made about dance teams are lack thereof of the dance teams. That wasn't that was intentional. It's not because anybody couldn't afford the parade registration. So the objectives of the parade when you have a parade of this size was to eliminate the gaps that were within the parade. We had numerous meetings where drivers that have participated for years came and discussed and just talked to us just like the gentleman did earlier from to hear things from a driver's perspective and from a law enforcement perspective. Whenever there's gaps in the parade. It's a challenge because once people start migrating into the street, it's hard to get them back out. So look, I love I love the variety that dance teams and bands create. And there again, I was I was probably the last one that didn't want to extend the invites to them. But it's also a long route. So it's hard for them to keep up at that pace for the entire length. So it was automatically creating gaps in the parade. So the solution in previous years would be that the lead of the parade would stop and let everybody catch up. Well, every time you stop in the parade, it encourages people to