Happy to see everybody here today. Thursday June 29th, we're going to have our public hearing for the adoption of our new fiscal year budget. So because this is a public hearing, we'll save the prayer and the pledge for the opening of the meeting, which will follow this at 6 o'clock. So anyway, my pleasure now to introduce Brad and Burton Colder from Colder Slavin. They are certified public accountant firm that has assisted us in preparation for the budget. Just notice my two finance people aren't here. It's too late to be crunching numbers. But anyway, Brad and Burton, welcome. Councilman Standsbury will be here shortly. And I'm sure hopefully the rest of my team will be, but I got the numbers from them just in case they did leave. So I think it should automatically win the polls. Yeah, I can't know this. Okay. Well, thank you mayor and members of the council. As the mayor indicated, we've been assisting your finance people and also had meetings with the mayor on two occasions, or three occasions, I should say. And getting this budget document, and I think it was sent to me today at about 11.30 or whatever for us to go ahead and produce the copies that you have here before you. Catherine sent it to me then. What I'd like to do tonight, and of course Brad and I will just go over the high spots of it. I'm going to go over the budget message, the capital outlay request, and then Brad's going to go over more extensively the utility operations and the park operations, and then I was going to conclude with the summary and also make certain comments relative to the budget document that you have. As you know, it's what 40 some odd pages are about 40 pages, so it's quite a bit of detail. In the back of the document, of course, you have the estimating schedules to estimate for the amended or final amended budget that you're going to be asked to adopt. So we're going to go over that as well. And then as the mayor indicated, the budget for next year. So that being said, on page two of the budget, which is the budget message, I was going to kind of read over some of this so that, and I'm sure most of you have looked at this, but let's start towards the middle of the page. It says all funds. It says revenues and expenditures have been increased or decreased over under the previous year on a line-on-and-basis for each revenue source and expenditure. Salaries for employees have been budgeted for a 3% cost of living increase at a total cost to the city of Young'sville of $148,000. That is encompassed in the budget for next year. We have projected an increase of 4% in sales tax revenues for 2023, 24 fiscal year, which are conservative estimates. General and special revenue funds, here we have