particular request to try to help you help us get it through the bond commission. We do have some money available from last year but it's just unfortunately not enough so we're seeking this to add to it so we'll be in the right you know posture to put it out for competitive bid. The timing really is you know still kind of working out because we are working in Pam will tell us I mean when she gets when we get to report on the Valesco crossing extension and we really had desired to finish that project first so sugar rich would have another outlet prior to our start of construction on that project. I'm a besides just that the other P1 fortunes that this money on fortune is really going to be adequate to do complete water and sewer along the the new fortune extension to Brusard and then the Shim and Metry I'm sorry the 89 improvements this is enough to come down probably somewhere copper copper field maybe. Okay so it's getting us further me on our goal is really to have a continuous project the project that's underway today is two years contract time for 89 and we hope as this additional funding comes available we're just going to keep moving down 89 south you know to get as close to this building as we can so. And as you know as funding for our match comes further available will work to move the priority five projects you know forward so any questions for Josh or for for myself. Yeah the good thing about you know these be five projects you already being approved by the commission then we can start working next session to move that money up P1 a lot of the projects last year that were passed they should be to they got bumped back down again so they had to restart again regarding P5 so they you know puts them behind almost two years. So this is a good sign that we've already got that approval we can start moving that money up with the help of representative Boye and Sinra Kusall. Well I think anybody would agree that I mean for us to put I mean you have here 32 million P5 and 9.5 million P1 our share of course is 25% of that so it's still a considerable burden or it's still a considerable lift on our local budget but you know to be able to make our 25% stretch this far is a work in progress helpful so. All right well Josh thank you to. Thank you mayor of the council before to continue in the progress thank you. All right Jen item 7.3. So authorize the mayor to execute an amendment to an agreement with the Katie and a Renaissance charter Academy. For an existing SRO position I just want to point out the amendment actually does two things one it's an amendment to our current contract