 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you Liang Chang RM and just as well. And Pastor, once you know your associate pastor did a phenomenal job at the National Day of Prayer. So we, oh, I guess we missed having you there, but you were well represented. So yes sir, thank you Pastor. Miss, Miss Gidry, please call the roll. Miss Barass, here. Mr. Volgiano is absent. Mr. Romero. Here. Mr. Nylon. Here. Mr. Romero. Here. All right. Councilmember Romero. Mayor, before we get on through the agenda, I'd like to make a motion to expand tonight's agenda to consider item 8.3 resolution number 2025-11 resolution, authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to the DOTD transportation alternatives program for a sidewalk project along highway 89 and further approving 10% in local match funds. All right. A motion by Mr. Romero. Is there a second? Second. Mayor, since we have a second, the purpose of this expansion is to allow the city to apply for the grant funding for the sidewalk project along highway 89. All right. Thank you. All right. We have a motion and second. Is there any additional council comment? Any public comment? We're going to be voting to expand the agenda to add an additional agenda item. Okay. Miss Gidry, there's no public comment. Please call for the vote. Miss Barass? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nguyen? Yes. Miss Champagne? Yes. All right. Thank you, council. We'll add that as agenda item 8.3, which will be an additional resolution. In council, if there's no objection, I know we have several guests here, but the superintendent is here with us tonight and he is a little pressed for time. So I would like to acknowledge him first unless there's any objection from the council. All right. Mr. Francis Tuchette, welcome, sir. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, City Councilman. First of all, thank you so much for always allowing us to come and share the things that are happening in Lafayette Parish. Let me start off by saying that today was a very important day for not only for you, but for us in the Lafayette Parish school system. We had our chief of police that went well beyond, provided food for every one of our public school employees at the four different public schools joined with the mayor. And I can tell you that to me, that makes my heart proud that we can stand together as a public school system, as a community and chief mayor. Thank you all so much. The teachers have been sending me texts. They've been sending me emails on just what that meant to them. So thank you so much on behalf of the Lafayette Parish school system. Just for giving you guys a short version of what's going on, I'm going to kind of share with you number one. There is something in front of you. This is called the report card. I actually had our communication team put this together so that if you guys ever have families that are asking about what those schools look like here in Lafayette Parish, you will basically have some talking points as far as different things are concerned. The next thing that you have is a report of what is happening as far as the schools here in Youngstville. You will see that we have addressed, since the last time that we have come, I'm sure guys a lot of you have seen that we have been in the media around this district optimization. We have actually closed some schools. We have converted some different schools and believe it or not, we have saved just in that opportunity $3.5 million. You will see that we also looked at some downsizing as far as central offices concerned. That also was something that the board passed. That also involved the $1.2 million savings. Last but not least, staffing for next year, we looked at consolidation and doing different things there and that additionally gave us $2.5 million. That to me is what we talk about as far as utilizing taxpayers' dollars to fund where we need to go with things. I will say that number one, my number one priority is that we will fund a first-year teacher starting next year at $50,000. That means every teacher on that pay scale, whether it be vertically or horizontally, is going to receive at least a $5,000 to $6,000 raise working for the Lafayette Parish School system next year. In addition to that, for the first time in the state of Louisiana, we are providing incentive pay. If you move kids, you get more money. You don't move kids, you don't get any more money. We are going to be providing that also next year. That is a big ticket item for our May 15th Board meeting. You will see that there are letter grades here. We have three of the four schools that are A schools. You will also see that there are projects that we are happening. I am proud to say if you flip through the back of that packet, you will see that promise is given or promises that are actually been made. That Southside High School is coming up. The field is there. We are going to put over 3,000 people on the home side. It is going to be the biggest stadium in Lafayette Parish. We are going to put 1,500 people on the visitor side. So guys, we will have at least 5,000 people in those stands. I can tell you, around that particular field, you will see a field house, bare none. There will be colleges that will not have a field house like the kids at Southside will have. There will be concession stands, restrooms. There will be various different things. I can tell you that if you just look through these different packets, you will see that things are coming. I will tell you, we will open up the first Friday night game right here at Southside. And I will tell you, that means this much to me. I have been in this school system for the last 7 years. Not as a superintendent, but for the last 2 years I have been to superintendent before I was the associate superintendent. The number of times that the kids, whether you are freshmen or a sophomore, whether you played on the varsity, they had to travel to a game. Whether it is your home game or not, we were packing kids up every week. We know how good it is going to feel to have our kids playing on their stadium, having the community that is going to pat that parking lot. There is going to be tailgating. There is going to be a real college atmosphere that we are going to create at Southside. And I am going to tell you, that is my commitment not only for Southside, but whether you go here or you go to a KDN or whether you go to a care group. We are going to provide our kids with those opportunities. The last thing that you have in your packet is this district overview. I have my communication team and I have a few of these that I am going to leave for the public. My communication team put this together. You will see my priorities are actually given to you in the first page. I am not going to go into details about this, but it tells you how much money we bring in into the Lafayette Parish. $800 million is that ticket that we bring in as far as you will see what we spend as far as salaries. You will see what we actually collect as far as taxes. And you will see everything that we actually pay out as far as different charter schools are concerned. This is what I refer to as having an open book. This is what I refer to as saying public. These are your schools. This is what is happening in your schools. And so take a look at it. Again, guys, we have a long way to go. But I can tell you this right now. We are going to win and we are going to do everything we can to be the number one school district in the state of Louisiana. And it starts right here in Young'sville. We have great schools. We have great leaders in those schools. We are going to be after all May 16th, they are going to be flooding the markets for applications. Because when I can pay a starting teacher $50,000 to where that same teacher in Vermean Parish is making 42, that is a difference. And when I put something at the end of that salary saying that if you move kids, you're going to get an extra $6,000. That's going to make people move. So I hope to get the best educators in these schools. That's how we're going to move kids. That's how we're going to have the best schools. And again, this report card here is going to always be updated. This right now is where we are now. After October, I'm going to update this. This is what you can say to people who are living or moving to Young'sville. This is what we have to offer us for. It's a laughing at paris school system. Guys, thank you all so much for this opportunity. Believe it or not, I've been on the road since 6.30 this morning. I have not stopped. I dropped by picked up my wife and I said, let's go. I'm running into a banquet that I have to get to. So look, I'll take any questions that you guys have. I want to really first of all thank you to Mayor. I want to thank each and every one of you for this partnership. I want you to know that our schools are open. Go to our schools. We have safety protocols, but go. The these schools, you need to see the great things that are happening in our schools. Great leaders, great teachers, and by all means, we have the best kids. Any questions? Mr. Tuchet, I know we have at least one comment from the council, but we were also with our school board member today, Mr. Jeremy Hodago. He had something with his daughter this evening in regrets he wasn't able to attend. He did send me a statement that he asked that I share with the public. So I'll read that now. Regret I'm unable to attend this evening's meeting in person. Thankful to the Mayor for delivering my message. As a proud representative of our district on the Lafayette Power School Board, I'm thrilled about the continued progress we're seeing across our schools in Young'sville. Not only in academics and school culture, but in the investments being made into our facilities, one such investment, which I believe is truly transformative, is the construction of the new Southside High School Sharks Athletic Stadium. This long overdue project represents more than just bricks and mortar. It's a testament to the pride, growth, and spirit of Young'sville. This stadium will be a state-of-the-art facility, one that our students, families, and the entire community can be proud of. When it opens next school year, it will elevate school spirit and community engagement to new heights. I'm especially grateful to my fellow school board members for recognizing the significance of this project and supporting the funding necessary to bring it to life. With so many pressing needs across our district, their commitment to this endeavor speaks volumes. The stadium will be among the premier high school athletic facilities in Louisiana, and I cannot wait to see our students take the field supported by community that believes in them and in the future of public education. Thank you for your continued support and partnership and building a stronger Young'sville for generations to come and happy teacher appreciation week to all of our educators. Again, that's from a board member, Jeremy Hodago. Mr. Tushed, I told you earlier today, but I think it's worth saying again, I have never been more proud of the state of education and out all of our schools across the city of Young'sville. When you go into the campuses, the leadership, it's electric. It's been truly transformative. We had great schools before, but now we have really incredible schools. The enthusiasm, the passion, engaging with the teachers is unlike anything that I've experienced. So I know that it starts at the top. So kudos to the school board members. We were also with Ms. Hannah Smith-Mason today. So thank you from me. Kisha, thank you for being here and for allowing your husband to make his day even longer. Mr. Romero. I mean, I can sit up and go on the line on how excited I am, but you made a comment. You have a long way to go. In a short amount of time, you've gone a long way under your administration. I can't wait to see what the next several years, hopefully, you're around for that because I mean, you're definitely, your administration's bringing trust back to LPSS, which is great for Young'sville because we have such great private schools, charter schools, and public schools. And I needed that. So thank you for what you are doing. Thanks, Mr. Romero. Ms. Shampine. Thank you, Mayor. Superintendent, I just want to thank you for your leadership. And I know that the rest of this state is going to follow your lead. So thank you for what you're doing. We appreciate it. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate the great job. All right. Is Ms. Jennifer Nugent here this evening? She's not here. Okay. Ms. Creed. I'd like to acknowledge Ms. Jamie Creed to come on up. Ms. Creed's the president of our local rotary club and former interim council member. So welcome back. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor and council. Tell her one about this great group of kids here from Arca Interact Club this year. Just put it simple. They have been on fire. They have been volunteer in St. Joseph's diner. They did keeping young students beautiful. They also attended their first Interact District Conference and pulled home with multiple awards for their first conference. These students have gone above and beyond in service and leadership and their energy, commitment and heart for the community truly reflects in their spirit of rotary. And we could be proud of everything they've accomplished and also like to give a very special thank you to Ms. Chathong, their club sponsor. She has been outstanding. Her guidance, passion and support have been instrumental in the club's success this year. And to the members of the Arca Interact Club, keep shining, keep serving and keep inspiring. And we can't wait to see what she'll do next. And one of the members also has something to say. Yes, ma'am. Hello. I'm Kylie Brussard. And I have the honor of serving as the president of the Arca High Interact Club. This past year we have accomplished many things. We started in October and took off rolling. Through partnering with St. Joseph's diner on many occasions, we have reached the community directly by cleaning and serving food. We have also participated in Youngstville City cleanups and donated decorated boxes with Thanksgiving meals to those in need. Our first time attending convention was a huge success. We placed second for our skit and third in our scrapbook. And our very own Aidan Newgen is now the Central District Representative. Interact is a place to meet people with the same intentions and souls as you. Interact has opened many doors for me, teaching me selflessness and furthering my leadership. I love the way I'm able to reach different parts of my community through this club. Thank you Rotary Club of Youngstville and citizens of Youngstville for your continuous support throughout the year. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Amer. As a fellow Rotarian, Ms. Chasson, thank you for always being one of the first people to volunteer and reach out to us. But I notice a lot of parents are there. I've been alongside of your kids at some of these events. These are phenomenal high school kids. Be very proud of them. They're representing your family, but also your school and the public very well. So, kudos to these kids. A lot of great things in our school. So, thank you and keep doing, keep the great job ahead. We know we haven't seen or heard the last of you. So, thank you all for being here this evening. I would love one. Yeah, come on up. Do you want to join us in the front here? Yeah, that's perfect. Sorry. Are you good? Squeeze in. Squeeze in. Now we go. Awesome. One, two, three. One, two, three. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you. All right. And Chief Broussard is here. He's going to introduce a couple new officers and recent graduates of the police academy to the Youngsville public. Chief Broussard? I just wanted to bring a couple of the new officers up here. Give citizens an idea what's going on with the department. We have three new officers. Victor Gidry, Shane Aswrap and Brandon Barker. Brandon is assigned to his SRO at Southside. Shane is still in field training right now. He just got out of the academy last month. He was number two cadet out of the academy. He went a great job. Victor is assigned to patrol. He just finished the field training officer phase of the department. So he's on his own at this time. Victor comes from the Allfield. Yes. Decided to come over to work in Youngsville for law enforcement. Shane has a background as a firefighter, also EMT. And Mr. Barker came in from the Allfield as a welder. Decided to come to Youngsville. Work as a police officer. Great officers here to keep our city safe. Right now, if it goes through, we have three more applicants in the process. They'll bring us down to one opening. We should somebody apply today from a different agency. Awesome. Right. Well, welcome. We are thrilled to have you join the team. And congratulations on achieving number two in the academy. I'm sure that's no easy feat. So extremely proud of you and thank you for choosing to work in the city of Youngsville. And so I'm staying busy. Last month, Youngsville Police Department ran 845 calls for service. Thank you. Any comments or questions? All right. Welcome and congratulations again, gentlemen. And thank you, Chief. A gin item 3.3, Crude Acadienne is presenting the Youngsville Police Department with the donation from the proceeds of the bringing you our best hamburger and hot dog festival that was recently held at the Youngsville Sports Complex Amphitheater, Mr. Charles Schwarma coming to the front. And I think that checks for you, Chief. So. Thank you. Good to see you all on the hard drive. Good to see you all on the hard drive. Good to see you all. Good to see you all. Good to see you all this year. But next year we will. It's all on the competition. Absolutely. Yes. I just wanted to make a little comment. Oh. You want to give it the councilman? Sure. Yeah. Oh, Simone, you're kind of hiding back there. You want to come up here? All right. There we go. One, two, three. Shhh. And it makes, oh, just a little thanks. One, two. Hello, two short. Hide behind you. Sorry. I just had a little speech with one of the pit to gather for you guys. On behalf of Crude de Carriano, I wanted to extend our heartfelt thank you to the city of Youngsville for all I want to host this event. The second BYUB, Hammer, Grenhaut, and the beautiful slim go amp at the theater. It was Sunday, April the 13th. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. I'm going to be here. It was Sunday, April the 13th. We especially want to recognize and thank Mr. Kim, Ms. Hailey from the city of Youngsville and Mr. Josh from the Youngsville Parks and Recreation Department. You're will and is patience and hands on involvement throughout the entire planning and execution of the event made everything possible and we're so grateful for your partnership. It really, really helped us. A special shout out goes to Chief JP and the Youngsville Police Department, not only keeping safe but also you know purchasing spending in the fun although you didn't get to take home the belt this year. We'll be nice and warm for you in Brusar. Yeah absolutely next year we'll get to do it again. We will. So we also wanted to thank all of our amazing sponsors this year we had like over 23 general sponsors that were just more than willing to help and their involvement enthusiasm. Of course not necessarily what happened without the incredible work of our Crude O'Connay and members we had over 55 members that showed up to help and that alone made the event you know just so much you know easier to to navigate through. In addition we had 27 cooking teams including fantastic local businesses master drains Mr. Todd the Hangout Sports Bar quality companies in a black bowl and Waltz whatever we had over 37 vendors offering everything from candles cutting boards 3d printed items sweet seasons and even a doggy clothing and most of them were all from the young's willing Brusar area so it was really happy about that. We're already looking ahead to next year as we have two huge headliners already booked. We have an expanded children's corner coming in we're gonna do a kids cooking competition and new for next year we're gonna do a spicy man challenge and we got some more details of that coming so we hope to see everybody next year please feel free to contact myself or any crew members if you guys have any suggestions any questions or anything that we can do and I will definitely be in touch once again thank you so much for allowing us to do this event which really good. Well we we love having it here and by being out there that day I mean I was thoroughly impressed at the effort of the entire crew so it's exactly the type of event we envision I have in that space so thank you for bringing it to life and choosing to have it in our community with us so look forward to seeing you next year. Thank you so thank you and thank you for the contribution to the police department. Thank you. You're all absolutely excellent. All right agenda item 4.1 approval of the meeting minutes April 10th 2025. Okay motion by Councilmember Romero and a second by Councilman Shampaan. Is there any council comment or question any public comment or question? Okay no public comment. The schedule please call the vote. Miss Barraz? Yes. Mr. Bulljiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nailin? Yes. Miss Shampaan? Yes. Motion approved. Thank you Nicole thank you Council 5.1 approval of the March 2025 finance report. Motion by Councilman Barraz, second by Councilman Romero. Is there any council comment or question? So for the month of April collections we had an all-time high so we are over last year at 6.98. Looking good so. That's perfect so it's 10 months into the fiscal year just shy of 7% up with sales tax collections so thank you very much and a big thanks to the community for continuing to shop and support our local businesses so thank you Catherine. All right is there any public comment? Okay I'm the skidry but I had a motion second please call the vote. Mr. Bulljiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nailin? Yes. Miss Shampaan? Yes. Miss Barraz? Yes. Motion approved. Okay 6.1 is a request for a preliminary plet approval of park banan located in section 7-t 11-s R5-e. I'd see so I'm Mr. Phil Devis the developer here his his engineers here Jimmy Ricks and we have a letter in our packet that I know Garrett Noel prepared so okay Garrett you're gonna all right let's do it. Good evening mayor and the council I come before you to present a preliminary plet for a post-development called park bonnet for those don't know there's a big empty lot all bone there road across street from Palfrey Parkway that's protected to be developed the area of question it's mainly gonna be for commercial development and then the unplied part in the future will eventually be like a mixed-use resident commercial area in my letter I recommend that we approve the reply on their certain conditions okay they show the road district line for 200 feet but it's really 400 feet it's not a little change most of the NSR like typos and missing items the key thing I'm noticed is how the private road is structured property wise usually the roads are its own entity and you have the right of ways surrounding it but the plant shows the boundaries this kind of root of center I'm concerned about potentially to the developments in the back-aff and I also recommend no waivers to revisions in the ADIC report and that includes labeling the private roads private street with a proper name and bonnet road is a long-to-state highway they want to remove that destination and as such ask for a plat and subdivision conditions I recommend no waivers to the conditions that are featured in the ADIC report some major spots that require a little attention we need to provide 10 foot utility servitudes along all lot-sported public and private roadways and servitude niches at all property corners there's also a request for a traffic impact analysis if traffic generated is greater than 100 trips per hour and they also do request a stubout street along the back along Mexican doing all road it currently shows a call the sack for those don't see the flat and I'll now open the council for questions comments all right for those you that don't that don't know Garrett Garrett Noel is one of our engineers and he's also our floodplain manager so Garrett thank you for being here to review I guess let's see mr. Romero Gary great job developers here yes yes is there any variance requests that you know or anything those are as is we're giving to me okay looks like mr. Rick's is coming up to the front so we'll give him a moment maybe in see what yeah y'all are welcome to come up Gary will step just to the side and be available for us hi I'm Jimmy Rick's with Southeast engineers this is Phil Devy the property owner we are excuse me not requesting any waivers from the ADO ADR ADRC report or the additional comments I did want to make upon the clarity Garrett mentioned the property lines this is a private roadway in title lines or intended we're intentionally going to the center of the road okay it is there is a right-of-passage right-of-way for private use but the but the fee title will go to the center of the road and that that is not uncommon this particular area that is unplatted you'll notice the common area is continuous common area four with the half of the road going to the southern end of the property so that is all going to be HLA owned property but that that's just a point of clarity in his question I did send him an exhibit showing how that parcel little clarity on that parcel but anticipate technical questions after public comment if you have anything for me please let me know all right thank you mr. Rick thank you mr. Devy anything just high level before we get into questions or I mean I don't want to over share anything about your project but I know that we've had some conversations about it so yeah no I mean it I don't know obviously there's some people in the crowd that have questions about it so I'm open to answer any of all questions so I'm honored to be here and it's my first opportunity to a development young's bill so I'm looking forward to the process and looking forward to this project all right well thank you sir and I've I have a feeling we'll circle you back in so in council just so in case you all haven't seen it I am circulating a petition that our office received July of 2023 I believe it was some of the residents on maxi do I had submitted it to our office at the time we knew that there would be a public notification process and that's kind of that's what we're obviously doing here I didn't verify if it's still the same ownership group I don't think there's been too much turnover if any in that particular neighborhood but I did want to submit that into the into the into the conversation Pam anything on your end before not yet no okay that's great yeah yeah just high level I can tell you the petition is relative to the stuff out this stuff out the street that would be coming into the developer does own a lot on maxi doon and today the way it's the proposal that the council has is basically it's a piece of open property day and it's basically just a what would you call that like a turn around like almost like a call to sack for the for the private road the the ARDC which is area wide development review committee for Lafayette Paris has recommended that that's be a stub out street on to maxi doon the and that's not surprising I mean that committee when they review it connectivity is always the theme you know it's I'm sure I'm not telling you anything you don't know but there's a lot of there's some people that suggest that we have a traffic you know issue as we continue to grow so connectivity is one of the things that planners and reviewers always look for in terms of providing you know the more access the better in the the the question that you have before you isn't really unique to this development it's you know the the surrounding neighbors compared to best practice for planning and design so I guess we can open it up for public comment at this point unless there's any member of the council that has any comments prior to doing so okay all right Garrett is there any any anyone that wishes to address the council about the proposed subdivision of property yes ma'am give you welcome to come up I live at 303 maxi doon and my biggest concern is what is what the development of the flooding because already we flood and it's getting worse as the rain and I know we can't predict mother nature but what is the plans with the development for the properties surrounding of the flooding yeah it's great question valid concern and one that I would have also I can tell you just high level and we have three engineers in the room that can that can dial in a little bit further if we need what what what's before the council today is basically just the decision about if you want to take you know one one piece of property and allow there to be a subdivision it's like basically created it into two very preliminary based on the council's decision tonight should it move forward then the developer and his design team would be tasked with creating plans that would development plans that would encompass a pretty stringent drainage requirements as one and that is one of the requirements that's I know Garrett just kind of hit you know some high levels but one of the requirements is that they have to do a design there that would in essence basically utilize some of the property there for stormwater detention so once mr. Rick's prepares that it'll come to our office for Garrett and Pam to review to ensure that it meets the applicable ordinances so at this point there hasn't been any type of design done I mean Mr. developer can probably tell you maybe what his intention is as far as use of the property but you can certainly expect that in a lot in a lot of areas where we have new development it's actually can be an improvement to drainage because for instance the channel that comes through that we were emailing about we don't dictate the means and methods of how they detain the water but I could see a scenario where they may widen that and actually do something there that would hold their stormwater back in certain events so but it's just it's very preliminary my biggest thing is just deflated so that's a lot thanks yeah any I mean any Pam will sure yeah we will be reviewing it we've already given mr. Rick's the models that we have that we've been using for our detention so that anything he does has to take into account what we have so that he gives it back to us so that we can see how the development affects it okay and so he will not be the development won't be allowed to negatively impact it okay and I mean just as recent as a couple of weeks ago mr. Rick submitted a drainage study on a different project and kudos to mr. Rick's to be the first local engineer that got it done without any comments to go back so so he knows what we require and and and make no mistake he's going to make sure that it gets done and and look I flooded before so I'm not gonna I don't want anybody to ever go through what I did so we have your best interests apart and in Pam I know it was late this afternoon but I sent you an email from a resident that this was mr. Kamu here that was that we had some questions about the drainage so I just wanted to leave you in on it yeah I just want to take knowledge yeah perfect thank you all right thank you man any any other comment from the public anyone you serve you all gonna come forward good sir thank you my name is Wayne Johns animal resident in the in that area how will concern was a road coming into maxi doing all road and we signed a petition a while back everyone in the neighborhood all the property owners that we did not want a road coming into our neighborhood it's hard enough as it is right now to try to get out much less having all this traffic coming to us there's a North Rim up on the other highway where they can put two even three exits so we don't want another exit coming into our sub division and anything you can do for us we'd really appreciate it you know I've been living there for over 40 years and so I have some of my neighbors you know as a veteran that I've got another property owner he's a veteran and you know very little has ever been done to help us out would ask you for some help you know as a as a veteran you know I've done what I needed to do for this country now I'm just asking you for some help sir I have a one on the board we greatly appreciate it thank you thank you mr. Johns yes sir you want to add so my name is Tyler Gilbo in the property of 312 maxi do you own road my biggest concern is what is the intended use of the property secondly statistically speaking when you bring in more people to a space there's a potential for more things to go wrong meaning fifth noise any disruptions like that we already have plenty of noise that we receive when chicken mopon host events when events take place at the bar on the corner we've got enough vehicle traffic on the road already with commercial vehicles from private business down the street going up and down the street we've got semi-s coming through the neighborhood already we've got people with pets in the neighborhood who've got kids in the neighborhood my biggest concern is if we increase the traffic flow we're going to increase the risk of injury and I spent 10 years in the fire department here I've seen kids get hit in a residential neighborhood by vehicle even going speed limit so I know what can happen that's our biggest concern is we don't want extra vehicle traffic in the neighborhood so like mr. Wayne was saying you know as veterans we want to ensure the safety of our neighborhood yes sir appreciate the feedback thank you mr. Johns anyone else wishing to address the council yes ma'am hi how are you okay I'm Toby Tibito and I am a property owner on broil's street and that's in sugar mopon so and I've got some neighbors here also that are on that back up to Bonan and I'm so sorry but I'm from North Louisiana so I do not have the occasion I examine I do not know the names of some of these streets properly but I did marry kounasso but anyway my biggest concern is is that I'll give you for instance our home appraised for right at a million dollars and this is before a lot the house that's on that that's the older home with all the property that was for sale for a long long time and I just just assumed that hey somebody's gonna buy this house and make it a homestead or something you know we we didn't know but now that it's gonna be commercial I would appreciate a little bit clear of clarity on what exact the noise is horrible anyway and again our backyard I mean we're in the estate section of sugar mopon and we the majority of us on that street have it's the largest lots in sugar mopon we all have pools and so it's I just would like to know what exactly commercialize are we are we putting there is it gonna be one level is it gonna be two level because if it's two level you're looking right in our backyards and you know not only that we've had tons of issues with my husband and I we were not even in our home the first weekend we were in our home our car's got broken into and it was you know from the trailer park kids coming over and so my biggest fear is okay so we've got commercial on the first two lots what's going to be developed on the back two lot is this gonna be an upper scale neighborhood is this going to be another trailer park is this you know we would just like some as homeowners we would like some clarity of what's going on in our backyard basically so if we could get clarity I mean that would really help us a lot yes ma'am well thank you for your comments we we love having you here we think your your face of sugar mopons a great addition to the community so just high level I can just speak relative to the ordinance I mean in terms of a mobile home park that wouldn't be a that wouldn't be allowed relative to to commercial youngs will just have an ordinance at the 400 foot frontage right that property now has to be commercial now commercial is it can be a myriad of things that can be professional office space that could be that could be medical it could be banking you know it doesn't it could be I mean I'm just I'm speculating in terms of that because we all I think you know think that we well depending upon the use of it there would be buffers buffer requirements because there are still houses that are going to be to the south like the homes all in maxi dohons so the the type of business would have to be complimentary to the homes that are there in what I mean by that is for example if it's a pipe yard just using as an example not to pick on a pipe yard I mean we a lot of oil businesses here and that drives our economy but a pipe yard in certain areas doesn't make the most sense our the way our ordinance would handle that is to say you can you can put it there but you need this much of a green belt surrounding it right so a developer would look at it and say you know what for the price of the property that I've paid for this a pipe yard isn't really going to be the most conducive thing here right now a neighborhood business let's just say it like a bank a medical office something that's going to lend itself to be more daytime use that buffer would be limited to probably like 10 or 20 feet because it's it's not really I'm and I'm not just right land use right it's not going to be like a tobacco discount place or anything like I mean it's open 24 7 pretty much and you've got traffic just non-stop we already have a traffic issue right on bone and now that's we could just get a more clarity and one story right you know fair fair comments thank you man is is there any other public comment from the from the public and mr. Ramara go back to that petition uh I know everybody saw it but just for public knowledge it looks like adding all the houses up on those two roads 100% of the homeowners sign the petition for the connected for the for the for not connecting the road to stub out yeah okay thank you sir I'm mr. Nile and would you mind if I take the public comment for yes sir not as much I guess a comment but uh you know we trust the process which I've done throughout the community but I guess I'm here more hoping to hear from the developer what he plans on doing because communication I got just a letter yeah not much more than that so I was just here hopefully you find out what the pension works that's all I have the in I'm sorry with your name please right brinnells mr. brinnellsson all right thank you sir mr. Nile that's that's what I had I'd rather just let the developer speak and might as know what is what what is he thinking in this area because that's going to kind of help make decisions mr. devy um so yeah I appreciate the questions um completely understand the concerns the questions that come with it it's part of the process um I guess just a little background I came here in 1996 I'm Canada originally my mom's a French teacher came here for a French teachers conference um and she knew I wanted to play baseball and uh she made it a point to go find the college coach not knowing anything about us at the time that's a great hat by the way um and uh she got a ride from another teacher that she met those from Crowley to go to the baseball field and and introduce herself to Tony Robyshow and uh my mom there's barely five feet tall barely speaks anguish but uh showed up and got his business card and I called him every day for two weeks until he finally said look if you can find your way down here I'll let you try out and so I came here not knowing anything about laugh yet really not knowing much about Louisiana and um and then that was it I brought my hockey skates and my hockey equipment case I didn't make the baseball team I heard there was ice skaters at the time but uh I came made the team and uh made as a freshman and got my first college win against LSU at their place and ever since then I've really have never left um I don't plan on going anywhere I love this city um the one thing my dad told me before I came and uh I hate to pick on you mr. Merrill but you you uh mispronounced my last name and that goes along with with my story my dad when I came he said uh I'm my high school teacher I'm not leaving with a bunch of money I'm not leaving with a giant estate but the only thing I'm giving you is my last name and when you go there I looked I did the research there's not a single devy in the entire area so when you show up you're the only devy that anybody knows don't screw it up so I've taken that to heart since day one and I really believe that my intentions are not to do anything that is going to negatively impact drainage negatively impact the way of life I live here I mean my kids go to a sentient I live in Lafayette um I'll I mean there's some people in this room that I already know so I can't look someone in the face and uh say that I'm making a profit on a development on the backs of other people that's not going to happen uh so to tell you what I'm doing with this property um I have a vision is it going to come to fruition I don't know but I know what we're starting with so we we have a uh a deal in place with a with a medical office uh internal medicine uh it's with a hospital here a 9000 square foot building on the front left hand corner of the of the property um single story um my plan from the beginning in in this property is um what what can I do to enhance um things in young's build that are not being offered and I'd be crazy to try to compete with sugar mill pond um but what what don't they have that I could bring to the table there's not many options for office uh for people that uh maybe want to own their own piece of property to have uh uh you know uh their architectural studio a CPA whatever it might be uh I want to be able to bring that to the table uh medical use um you know I'm a real estate broker as well and and some of the issues I hear from people that don't restaurants and some of those services in young's veil is there's there's not much of a lunch crowd it's it's I mean you can see the turnover on some restaurants here that it's um people are living here but they're not staying here for work so it's a component that's missing my goal is you know when I invest in something especially to this degree uh it has my name on it it means a lot so the start is uh uh it's it's a 9000 square foot building I told the architects that the design and what it's going to look like it has to be uh equivalent or better feel like it's an extension of sugar mill pond and that that's what it's going to look like essentially um we don't have models or 3D renderings yet but that that's kind of started come together the other side of the property would be a kind of a retail office use single story um we've got a little area for maybe a coffee shop I've had some discussions with a few uh you know great companies that would be I think um you know attractive to people that live in young's veil to go to more to the rear portion what we're going to have two big detention ponds with fountains it's called park bony because I want to have a park like setting in there somewhere where if you're you know at the medical clinic or uh at at a doctor's office you know and kind of walk out have a little gazebo uh like an you know a nice little kind of park atmosphere and then have some uh some plots of land some some small parcels that someone could could buy and and uh have their own office in there so that that's in essence um the game plan but you know the rear portion of the land we you know I don't know yet what our focus is on the front parcel and um we'll just see how things kind of develop but the one thing I can assure you all is um my intentions are not to do anything that will not allow me to look at each one of you in the face at the grocery store uh coffee shop or whatever might be and have one someone disappointed upset uh or mad because of uh something that I did that has drastically affected the quality of life uh that that's not my intentions and that's not what I'm going to do so um I don't know if that answers some questions uh but the only thing I know with certainty is a medical office 9000 square feet single story and uh I told them it has to look like it belongs in sugar mill pond and so those plans are are in the works right now yes sir I live in the back from home on on coverage drop yes sir no um um what I'm what I'm hoping happens is that um that we get a lot of traction with uh selling parcels to people that want to build for for an office for themselves um but you know it's a big parcel so I don't know if there's if there's enough demand for it yet uh so that more than likely that parcel in the back is going to is going to remain um without being developed for a good while until the the the fronted parcel kind of identifies what it's going to be yeah let me let me share this uh mr mr. dv thank you you've never you've never corrected me all these years or if you have my apology I didn't know I was saving it for the story okay it was good story uh so the remaining property behind these four proposed lots is remaining unplatted so any any use there because it's unplatted would would would be coming and have a similar process to this in which you would be notified if you're an adjacent landowner so I appreciate mr. dv sharing his vision but that's not being not being subdivided it'll still be it's still marked as unplatted so there's there's no action I'm sorry yes ma'am I hate to interrupt but if we have people that are streaming watching so if you wouldn't mind coming up to the microphone just so they could hear the yeah the yeah the yeah the we can't hear the the question so that but if I don't mind maybe I can try to listen and restate it out of the I can give out the the yeah if you don't mind yeah okay okay so the the questions about a tree at the back the back fence line yes sir is it is it's attracted that does cut back there every now and then it can't get back there close yeah well I have um it we've been planning on getting a tree service company back there to start clearing out like all the the whether's that particular tree everything else to clean up everything in the back then we we catch rain we try to go back there we catch rain again um and then these plans started happening so but that that'll be addressed 100% and and uh I'll make sure to get that on that as soon as possible for sure can we can we get your name okay I got it and we think yep I see it I don't live sure well what what when mr. dv has future plans for it and it becomes plated you'll be notified again so mr. nylon mr. dv I just want to start off saying that um I love the idea with the bringing in medical um I think that could be a huge thing here uh someone who has a background in medical I was speaking with someone this morning actually who said how you know um when he first moved here trying to find a pcp in this area it was difficult our primary care physician um I know personally I have to drive into Lafayette it would be ideal to have one uh that I could go here um I they have a couple but it would with the size city that we have to bring in more medical professionals and giving people a choice um is huge um especially bringing in any type of specialists as well instead of having to go fight the traffic within Lafayette so I do appreciate that uh the question that I have with the way that this is uh set up with your with the three lots um I know that you just mentioned that you're focusing on that front section and developing that as far as the road is concerned and getting that road laid um is that something that has to be done at this time could it be only up to a certain point to where we would then have to make that decision on the cul-de-sac versus the stub-out because I think what comes into play here is if we make that decision on the cul-de-sac versus the stub-out and then business booms or whatever and then you end up developing that future phase that's unplotted then we run into an issue where we have tons of traffic that's trying to come out of one area dumping on to Bonan and then we lose that ability from a development standpoint so that's the thing that's in my head I understand the concerns of the citizens that live in that area but whenever I look at it from when this entire area is developed and we lose that ability of a stub-out then we're having everyone from that one area and everyone from Maxie Dullion dumping out on to Bonan it's going to be an extreme uh cluster right there so um just throwing that out there does it have to go that far right now couldn't be addressed later when you have a more or a better idea of what of what that future phase may look like I understand the point of your question what's being presented on the plot for preliminary plot approval is the plot with conditions it's if it's approved with the plot conditions that's how the action letter would be written and would require the connection whether it's in this phase or next but because that's only hearing tonight I think that question should be addressed tonight unless let's show have a way to to navigate that but but the plot as presented shows the cul-de-sac so it would be approved with the conditions of the ADRC or amended as you guys see fit I think that's I think you're bringing a great question to the table I think would what I before just to I can appreciate it what you're saying is may not be necessary today but you're if we save that decision if and win the back as it develops I think is what I'm yeah we would we would love to be able to modify that decision but I think as the action is tonight it would it would it would probably need to be addressed yeah okay thanks I'm Mr. Bull John yeah the only other I guess just from a first responder aspect and maybe an avid traffic driver um this countless areas in our community where I feel like when we run into these traffic circles and traffic jams I feel like everyone's looking for the next way out to kind of DBA traffic and would not and the the last thing I would want to do would be to make a cut through for traffic to have heavy flow however for the time being I think like a middle ground would be us put like some sort of like a security gay almost like a key card access almost where emergency first responders could access the backside of the community versus having to go through no eventually we're gonna have that roundabout at that intersection and that's gonna be a bit of a traffic jam just from exiting sugar upon and whatnot but in the event that you don't we don't end up wanting to use the stuff out at least there's an access for for us to gain through at the time being if we don't decide to do the coldest acral um I can't predict the future and what traffic was gonna look like in any year from now but the point you're making is is part of the part of the interconnectivity yeah part of the principles of interconnectivity yeah what happens all the time we're we're running calls and we get stuck in you know 60 cars deep and we're just gonna sit there and create more of a traffic jam trying to get through and and I hate to be for it to be a business that's you know got to be a business on fire or someone need a medical attention and whatnot but those things are gonna happen so uh those kind of things that leave you in me but also don't want to be trying to create more of a problem with traffic just trying to flow through maxi do y'all you know with 200 cars so I don't I don't know what the the less of the evil is gonna be but uh I think having access to the time being maybe as a middle ground and until we decide with the future development maybe you know I don't think great point I don't think the developer or as engineer having have an issue with making the connection I think the hesitation on the connection is based on the feedback of the residents that are in the neighborhood correct so the the developer has not the only they're only simply asking for clarification because it's a private road and the amount of easement that I think Garrett and Pam took note and understood uh so I mean perhaps another solution I mean or just for discussion could be I mean if your intention was to build it as a like a bubble there like a turnaround I mean as long as you still own that property if you come back to develop the back I mean that cul-de-sac may be required to connect in if you if that that's another scenario yeah well there was Rushmore Rushmore was they called a sack and now now there's a connection there so north north Rushmore or south just Rushmore I think mister concern would be is obviously that plaque probably only holds 10 12 homes average homes but if you come with town homes apartments something like that so a game jager as far as traffic concern I mean if I'm sitting here and you're trying to plight this right now and you're saying hey it's gonna be a 15 or 16 you know 18 homes I have no problem with not you know connecting but if it's a apartment complex or a 40 town homes that's that's kind of starting to add note and I'm not trying to detour you from wanting to do that in the future but I think I agree I think the mayor's got a great idea is that you know obviously it's pretty unanimous with the maxi-dee on residents and everything that we don't connect that at this time and I would agree with that but depending on what that future development is we'll you know depend on what we do in the future connecting it and I think also those residents will be contacted again as well and we can cross that bridge when we get there okay understand the point we understand the concern of the residents we don't mind the connection that's why we did not object to the ADRC report both ways it also allows exit from the maxi-dee on residents to get to get to that west side right as an additional outlet there's oh I completely agree I think that I mean you know I look I respect the residents that have lived there of some of them I know for that's their generational home nothing but respect I think I mean I can tell you examples throughout the city where we've missed opportunity for connectivity and I can also tell you areas where connectivity has benefited unbeknownst to them at the time everyone that's in it so I think that's why it's just I think that's kind of why it's delicate I do think for you know what mr. dv's describing today medical offices 9000 square feet daytime use you know that is one use I just would be hesitant to mix it we don't know what's ever happening in the back yet you know so if you lose that opportunity based on your decision today you may lose it forever so I mean if it if I mean unless I'm unless I'm missing something I mean if you if you were to accept it as it's drawn there is no connection but if it comes back I mean it's it's a it's a it's a turn around of a private street I think the issue is if I'm if I may is that by saying that and Gary did the right thing by saying we accept everything from the ADRC that's his recommendation so I think what mr. ricks was getting after is if you're wanting him to do it like the call to sack then you have to say that you don't want that ADRC comment to be so again you know for you guys originally they had when we met with them before they ever did it they were going to connect we said hey you know we took into account knowing that the residents so they have been flexible to do either one ADRC says connectivity I I fully understand them you know counseling you you know living in a subdivision that we're gated in the back and if you can't get around that tree you can't get out so you know exactly what it's like because unless we open our gate in our subdivision you are unable to get out when there's water around that road which happened in the rain event two weeks ago we also know connectivity was a good thing because when it rained there were some roads that you can't get through and people had to change and we had Walmart trucks going through stable palms because they couldn't get on highway 90 not that that's what you want I'm just saying that in the when things happen people look for an alternate route I can tell you that you know if we ever get to doing that roundabout that's going to be an area under construction and people will want to use this when they're trying to get out of maxi do y'all road when we're going to be doing work on highway 90s too I can promise you when they are not able when the construction is going to be right there so an alternate route for them to be able to move would be good but either way we will we will make them comply with whatever the decision is just if you want the flexibility again we can do just I mean last month remember you guys gave us the flexibility to work with them as to what was best you can put in there that at this time you don't want it to be connected but you want to leave you want to reserve the right for later on could it's up to you guys but yes if it comes back just know that if it comes back and you decide at that point then you would have to tell them to make the connection through the common area they are reserved in this common area just so you guys know it is this this English does common area if you don't know then say that you want that common area to remain we wouldn't want him to put a building it says common area right now where we wouldn't want is somebody to take interest and want to switch the common area and then there's a building that leaves us no potential to be able to do it so I think if you guys want to put that you don't want it now but that you did what you do know is you want that area to remain common for that flexibility in place too then you'll just have to make that exception to the comments that the Garrett made that makes sense I'm trying to be flexible you know understand what they want understand what you guys want and understand what could possibly happen yeah common area wouldn't be addressed to where we wouldn't be able to build anything on it correct the common area won't be addressed so it you know you have it as common areas so if you want it to stop then but you do have to declare that because otherwise Mr. Riggs has to connect it you know ultimately short while I say short term nothing is shortness in this from travel to the ground to completion but what we're looking at the feasibility of whether we build out the road completely in the first phase I think more than likely we're not going to that we're going to focus on the the medical building and then that that second plot developing that into retail office and then you know that's kind of a third phase and if there's market demand for it at that point you know we we look to build the road I think ultimately long term and you know I can't make promises for anything but what I'm envisioning is actually being a benefit to that cut through for that neighborhood because there will be services there that'll be easy access I think it'll be like the quality of what's going to be built and what's going to be there I think is going to be beneficial to that neighborhood and and having a connectivity I think will will help enhance the neighborhood but you know that's one person's opinion but that's kind of how I see things play out for this development. It's a pleasure the council Mr. Nile so I'm going to take a swing at this and just say that I will motion to approve with the exception to number 16 where the stub out street it can still be dedicated but does not connect to maxi do you know at this time until the future phase unplotted is brought forth is that possibly I think so so your motion is to accept the report as presented except removing condition 16 on the ADRC report which is the stub out streets required to be dedicated constructed to the south towards maxi doha reserving that as common area saving the opportunity for it to be a condition of the unplated property to the east yeah that right all right so motion by council and nylon all right second by councilman barra is there any further council comment yes sir mr. rar it pertains to this and uh apologize I forgot y'all's last name anytime the residents citizens have an issue with trees overgrowth some of that if you go to youngsville that us at the top report a problem and then it gets filtered to the mayor's staff and the appropriate department and they can reach out from there no no but they'll they'll find out for you they'll handle the sit they'll work with you and that lay in order to do i'm just saying that on behalf of everybody watching nearby in the audience yeah i live down the street from so i'll take care of that all right is there any public comment relative to the motion in the second case is motion second no public comment additional misgidri please call it a mr. amero yes yes miss pyrrha yes yes mr. volgiano yes motion approved well mr. deevi we are excited i didn't want to influence the council's vote on this other than just to say that i can tell the council and the public every time i meet with you it's i don't i don't necessarily remember what you say but i do remember how i feel and i think that that's indicative of from the meetings with hailey and i we know that you know what the needs are in our community when we've had questions about how to do development i'm going to say town homes just because i know that you've done townhums in other areas you made yourself available to help us with other ordinances to help model developments after the work that you've done so we're grateful that you choose them to to work here in our community so thank you all right agenda item seven point one is to proclaim may set 11 through 17 2025 as economic development week actually i'm going to let hailey do it so can i give it back to you okay uh shepard read a line i don't know about that but well thank you hailey latherwood i'll work in the mayor's office and i'm here to proclaim economic development week may 11 through 17 2025 whereas the international economic development council iedc is the largest professional economic development organization dedicated to serving economic developers and whereas the international economic development council provides leadership and excellence in economic development for communities members and partners through conferences training courses advisory services and research in-depth publications public policy advocacy and initiatives such as the accredited economic development organization program and the certified economic development designation and the entrepreneurship development professional and whereas the economic developers promote economic well-being and quality of life for their communities by creating retaining and expanding jobs that facilitate growth enhance wealth and provide a stable tax base and whereas the Lafayette economic development authority lida is proud is a proud and active member of iedc engaging in best practices led by iedc and having two iedc certified economic developers on staff and whereas lida has received three iedc gold awards for its creative business retention workforce development and entrepreneurship initiatives and a silver award for its reentry workforce development efforts and whereas the mission of the Lafayette economic development authority is to catalyze job growth and capital investments that will lead to a strong and diversified economy equitable access to economic opportunity and an excellent quality of life in Lafayette parish and whereas lida creates innovative collaborations between business government educational institutions and workforce development organizations to produce a rich network of support that fuels progress and whereas lida provides resources and guidance to support businesses as they make decisions to start expand or relocate to Lafayette parish and whereas lida engages in the best practices in business retention and expansion business traction workforce development and talent attraction by fostering entrepreneurship and small business development by curating a positive business climate and by engaging in efforts to enhance quality of life in the parish now therefore it be resolved that the city of young zooloiziana recognizes the week of may 11th through may 17th 2025 as economic development week and reminds individuals of the importance of this community celebration of practice of economic development which supports expanding business and career opportunities and making lives better signed by mayor ritter thank you i'd like to ask mark to to come up and join and present the proclamation and feel free to floor yours mark mark is mark is uh where's a lot of hats but he's our liaison on a lefty economic development authority for the city of young zooloiziana it's a pleasure to work with him uh from our office so much to work with you all and as a council you all should know well i guess i was excited in the back because we talk about retail we talk about daytime workers that need to be here in the city of young zooloiziana and so when i heard that there was a development of either medical or some type of office i was sitting back there really really excited because we have talked about that we need those daytime workers to stay here so that way obviously like he said as well if the dv said as well is that way the restaurants can also flourish as well so i was really excited and hopefully he does everything he said uh for the residents of young zooloiziana and it is wonderful to work with these two so they are supporting and also they're representing the city of young zoolo very well so i want to let you know that and also miss champagne we're excited that we're going to be working with you all as well on chuse day to talk to the young zoolo leadership class at red and white day as well so thank you all for this well perpy take a picture you know Catherine would you mind taking it for joining us up front and get jala one more time to wake up mark thank you very much thank you do appreciate it all right mark thank you for all your efforts appreciate it with the help of lida and haley they're working on some some some great things so i look forward to sharing more in the in the months ahead all right seven point two mr. miles cradors requesting a variance to the land use rate elitians to allow a reduction in the green belt to five feet into amid the requirement for offense for an existing metal building to be used for a woodworking shop located at one eighteen randy road um council you you have the on the back of the the agenda item requests you have the piece of property coincidentally it's just in the same neighborhood that we just uh that we just discussed on max around the corner from maxi dohon this is a piece of property that was purchased in august my appreciation for it is that the landowner now is wishing to at least that space out as the variance requests as least set out to be a woodworking shop my appreciation is that there is a storefront here in young zoolo and this would be basically the production spot so mr. cradors here yeah you're welcome to come up sir and welcome sir the floor is yours good evening council my name is miles crater this is my part of decoder bottles with the owners of the building at one eighteen randy and uh like you mentioned we'd like to put mr. morty tubes who has a storefront right behind the McDonald's in young zool he he's a one-man operation with occasional helper and he'd be working inside the shop from regular regular business hours and also we don't mind putting a fence up if that's needed um um miss shampoen thank you mayor uh i have just a few questions it's the existing metal building that's they are now is is what he's gonna occupy yes ma'am okay and there's a lot that's for sale when you face in that building on the right is it all of that property it is all the property but he'll only be utilizing the building okay so do you have plans for that lot not that's not not at the moment okay in the drainage there's drainage in the back i know you're so that so y'all are uh y'all are responsible for the drainage right yes ma'am we actually connected to city sewer so we got off the septic tank and uh city water um but yes ma'am we have the drainage just in the back right and i know there's not 20 you you wanted us to relieve you of the 25-foot buffer where there's not 25 feet i don't think between the buildings uh and you said you don't mind a fence if that would be required where would you put a fence if we need to put a fence in between uh the property next door adjacent to you okay thank you great woodwork yes mr. amera hey guys um so back to fence so to the rear of the property as well connecting to what is that uh your 112 uh no to 112 um i think we're willing to do whatever's needed to accommodate uh and then what had y'all come over five feet coming from 25 to five well that's that's all that's left on that side between yes i mean i'm looking at the map i think after that yeah that's what i figured okay well that it that's a good question um as far as i mean really we we just when we put it through the land use matrix uh this was i mean Gary applied the land use matrix exactly as it was intended i mean there are some this is one of those scenarios i mean just you know out of respect for the neighbors and the neighborhood i mean we didn't want to make any administrative decision on it to to air on that side and which is why i felt that it was appropriate to bring it before you tonight and has there been any discussion with permitting with the plumbing on the rear of the property or is that priority all purchasing it uh we did do all the permitting necessary to tap into the city sewer and also uh city water yeah this is uh yeah un unrelated i think one of the inspectors maybe trying to circle back with you i think he had a question about that because i know you did get a permit there was a question that came to our office and i think some they were going to be circling back with you they just i'm sorry i just don't know the particulars but there's something that they additional that they would need there but just as an FYI i absolutely i mean i i do agree with the i'm glad you're willing to do the fence because obviously the residents to the next next of y'all obviously he's gonna be five feet and less i would help with i don't know what type of woodworking cutting wood or what he might do during the day and now on the rear of the property connecting to one 12 would be what i would have seen because there's already a fence at one 12 from what i'm seeing on the map at at the at this moment there's no fence around the property at all at one 12 this is a side the system no no that's not the one there's no fence on the back when i'm talking about connecting this value from like mr mr gene sounds that's erb yeah that's the one well your own netlotter or so right yes man i'm sorry yes man it's still a Joseo sign it's it's uh it's yes it's yes it's supposed to be just the one sign he's talking about that that fence on that side um connecting the back right now yeah i was huge on the other side of the the property yeah there were probably two points one mr. nylon mr. nylon mr. nylon the um the furniture storage is it going to be inside or they want to store it outside oh sorry could you clarify when you said furniture is being stored the woodworking uh it said some some of his woodworking that he finishes is it going to be storing any of that outside or is it going to be in all indoor he has a shop a showroom right uh rohammy also everything we get moved to there all the all the working in the wood will so nothing outdoors as far as we as far as we know yeah i mean i don't i'm not as worried about a fence all the way along the back just on between the neighbors um because i mean that lots probably been like that for decades so um i don't think that's necessarily mr. nylon mr. nylon mr. nylon thank you i have a motion to approve with a fence along the side between uh metal building and the neighbor i don't know which would that be so that's the i guess that's the southern side the northern side excuse me with a fence on that side sorry northern side okay all right uh let's see in mr. Volga i'll start the second second any council discussion mr. amera i think we have to we have an opportunity here to anytime we have new development or change an ownership development or something to do fencing along bordering properties so whether you own all that or not i do think on the rear part there needs to be some type of fencing or something to coincide with between the two um because if there's not the other property gets sold that property gets sold it's going to develop input offense you on both his tooth over lot so i mean it's a missed opportunity i think fencing it all will be bringing it all together but that would be my sub-motion to make sure we uh fence completely the back and rear side of the property as well as what you motion for between the two buildings okay mr. amera is making a substitute motion is there is there a second on the substitute motion all right that um there's no second on the substitute motion is there any uh public comment yes or mr. jans you welcome to come forward sir i guess i need to do it like i said my name is my name is johns i have the adjacent property after speaking to everyone in the neighborhood no one wants a business coming into the neighborhood i talked to all the homeowners and because it was right next to me they all were all against it i've spoken to the gentleman i'm from my understanding because he has good intentions but people in neighborhood just don't want another business coming into the neighborhood because they're saying like we open the door when newtell them what's going to come in down the road uh my wife and then my wife had concerns and i didn't tell him yet but she was worried about soldiers coming our way because we're only my pool is like 30 feet away from the they building the metal building so that was my wife's concern she was going to come tonight but she couldn't make it anyway i wanted to address that and like i said from my understanding the man has good intentions you know but uh no one in the neighborhood wants a business coming into the neighborhood you know there a lot i spoke to several people i tried to get some of them to come tonight and speak but you see who's here so anyway that's what i wanted to say okay and think thank you mr. jolens is there any other public comment anyone else which did not address the council okay there's a motion and a second uh no public no further public comment mischiedrile please call the vote miss baris yes mr. boljiano yes mr. remero no uh mr. violin yes misshawn fine yes motion approved resolutions 8.1 resolution 2020-5-09 a resolution authorize an and directing the mayor to execute for and on behalf of the city of young zeal the parish of lafayette Louisiana an act of substantial completion from lilas construction LLC pertaining to the completion of a contract for the waterline interconnections 2024 all right motion by mayor pro tem colgiano second by councilman baris any council discussion any public comment this is the completion of the waterline interconnections project which is basically enabling us to move more water from our new water plant further south so that's why you've seen some of the water lines being put along the railroad street area and also shimmy and mettery at uh guillata believe is some uh basically just to to bring our production further south so that's a pretty quick job i think they've only been added about 60 days so all right there's no public comment um miss girae please call the bill mr. nylon yes misshawn fine yes miss baris yes mr. boljiano yes mr. amaro yes motion approved resolution 8.2 excuse me a gen item 8.2 is resolution 2025-10 a resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of yung zeal to execute a water and sewer agreement with st. martin parish government to provide water and sewer services to an unincorporated portion of mettery place subdivision all right a motion by council member ramero second by mr. boljiano is there any council comment or question any public comment or question okay if there's no public comment miss girae please call the bill misshawn fine yes i miss baris yes mr. boljiano yes mr. amaro yes mr. mylon yes motion approved gen item 8.3 is resolution 2025-11 a resolution authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to the do td transportation alternatives program also known as do td tab for a sidewalk project along highway 89 and further approving a 10% cost match in local funds motion by councilman shampoen and a second by councilman baris any council comment or discussion any public comment in the skidrig excuse me call the vote miss baris yes mr. boljiano yes mr. amaro yes mr. amaro yes yes motion approved gen item 9.1 is ordinance 367.1 2025 in ordinance of the city of yung zeal Louisiana meaning the code of ordinances chapter 20 taxation article 2 hotel occupancy tax section 2019 tax levy to address short term rentals motion by councilmember rameiro in a second by councilmember boljiano any council comment or question any public comment or question okay no public comment miss girae please call the vote miss baris yes mr. boljiano yes mr. amaro yes mr. nylon yes motion approved gen item 9.2 is ordinance 498 2025 in ordinance of the city of yung zeal Louisiana meaning the code of ordinances chapter 155 traditional neighborhood development to amend design standards for traditional neighborhood developments miss shampoen yes ma'am I'd like to motion to table this this ordinance in tailgune we still have some work to do on it for the next month okay yes ma'am so motion to table by councilman shampoen seconded by council member rameiro motions to table are non-devatable so miss girae please call the vote miss shampoen yes yes mr. maro yes mr. nylon yes motion approved the table 9.3 ordinance 499 2025 in ordinance of the city of yung zeal Louisiana meaning the code of ordinances chapter 12 nuceses article for junk motor vehicle section 12 140 definitions to revise junk items miss shampoen motion tapo all right thank you ma'am second mr. boljiano seconds any kind I have a note on section 3 of the ordinance there's a typo number six abandoned recreational vehicles was duplicated so we'll strike that and renumber it six to nine all right and good with that yes all right any council comment or discussion any public comment or discussion all right no public comment miss girae please call the vote mr. boljiano yes mr. maro yes mr. nylon yes miss shampoen yes yes mr. motion approved 9.4 ordinance 525 in ordinance of the city of yung zeal Louisiana meaning the code of ordinances chapter 2 administration section 2-1 court costs to establish rules for mayor's court retrona motion all right emotion by council member boljiano yes yeah second by mr. remaro any council comment or discussion and this would be with amendments as proposed in the packet there is some language adivir city attorney that's right there has been a few modifications to that ordinance that are indicated in blue in blue in blue the original modifications from introduction aren't are in red and the new changes are in blue is there any public any public comment relative to the adoption of ordinance 525 mr. remaro did you have a question i was that still just on the key all right any public comment all right no public comment miss girae please call the vote d'enylon yes miss shampoen yes yes mr. maro yes motion approved right ordinance is for introduction gen item 10.1 is ordinance 5 0 1 2025 in ordinance of the city of yung zeal Louisiana meaning the official map of the city of yung zeal providing for the annexation of additional land into the corporate limits of the city of yung zeal Louisiana being the track owned by Roslyn boat bow to an consisting of 1.015 acres located in section 17 township 11 south range five east lafayette parish as shown on that map titled map showing property to be annex since the city of yung zeal Louisiana 337 briar cliff road prepared by Jonathan el bujua professional land survey dated April 2025 it's up for introduction miss shampoen i have some questions is the property owner here that was annexation will sir yeah come on up sir good evening brand oh yeah my action not the property only with engineering survey and company represent owner okay there's is there a home on here right now don't see anything so what are they gonna what do they want to do with this property so part of her property was was already in the city land yeah yeah I heard the flat she had one parcel in the city and one parcel in the power and yes she wanted this is a second one or that she this is her she needed to combine it first okay and then because she because they moved a trailer on it remember they moved a trailer on it was really like and then this she wants to combine it so that she now has everything in the city so that's what this was for is they water insured to this area because briar cliff in the garage and yes because I know that next one over I don't think has it has water okay just water do you anticipate you so I want to add sewer connect I don't know if they can connect there I don't know where the sewer line I'm not sure it's available but the lot size is large enough to do a treatment in the treatment okay all right thank you sir mara I was gonna motion to upper reward nets number 501 2025 all right thank you sir motion by mr. Romero mr. Nylon second by council member nylon any council comment or discussion any public comment or discussion okay mischiedry please call the vote yes yes mr. Volgiano yes mr. maro yes mr. Nylon yes motion approved at 10.2 ordinance 502 2025 in order into the city of young zoo Louisiana declaring its intent to acquire full ownership of a movable property designated as lot 87 sugarlanta states motion to do all right motion by council member boljano and a second by council member barres any council comment or discussion so what's happening is this is an adjudicated piece of property that we're gonna go through the process and assume ownership so we can then declare it as surplus and try to get it back in the commerce all right there's no public any public comment right hearing none mischiedry please call the vote mr. Volgiano yes mr. Romero yes mr. Nylon yes yes motion approved at a gen item 10.3 is ordinance 503 2025 in order into the city of young zoo Louisiana amending chapter 20 taxation article three sales and use tax motion approved all right thank you council member Romero second by council member bolgiano any council comment or discussion all right any public comment all right there's no public comment mischiedry please call the vote mr. Romero yes mr. Nylon yes miss champagne yes miss barres yes mr. Volgiano yes motion approved all right Susan you want to come on up with your report please and then we'll go to Pam so you have our report in front of you the wastewater plant we're doing the final coordination should be able to advertise for beds and in a couple weeks we've got all the approvals this would put us probably issuing the notice to proceed sometime in september and with construction completion in october of 2026 that's the goal pump station four we uh i just sent a recommendation for substantial completion to the mayor they just have a few items to finish up there so that's going well pump station three which is the one on young street the pumps were finally delivered on May 2nd they're going to mobilize next week that works and take too long so that's going well the water plant we're at about 62 percent complete the filter building walls are pretty much complete filters are coming in in June so that's still on schedule we're still for the sugar mompon upgrade we're still working with a tried and Jordan Dagle to try to define the route for this new force main the waterline interconnections y'all just accepted it um that went really smoothly they have a couple of cut-in bows to put in left but um everything went well they are very quick pump station five um we are still working on that um the survey is being completed probably in the next week so any questions any questions for Susan Susan handles our water and sewer in all the expansion probably a good opportunity for me to share that we did LDH Louise and Department of Health it issue the water grades for the two water systems that the city of youngsoil operates proud to announce that we did receive an A on both this is only their third year of giving rank rankings we did have it A last year as well on both systems but it's worth noting that both systems did go up 12 points so I want to commend he's not here this evening but I want to commend Alex Meseroll who is our utilities director and his his team Stetson Peters Kaden and I believe there's another operator too that I'm leaving out Wade Jean-Mitt what is it Jean Bennett like Jean Bennett Ramsey sorry Jean Bennett excuse me um anyway very very proud of of the accomplishments those guys that we've assembled a phenomenal team of very conscientious water operators that have gone through all the schooling uh the the education that our water department has today is unprecedented in our city's history uh which is very appropriate uh considering that we're taking that we're bringing online a new water plant that's going to be quadrupling easily our daily production so Susan thank you for all your guidance and support over the year so we're happy we're happy to have in that some of the water project that's two yeah yeah we all we all we all are so anyway so congratulations to Alex and his team and Susan thank you for everything that you're doing so Pam okay so fortune rode the mill and overlay project that started construction today um for the next two weeks just let from Bonan to highway 89 we will be down to one lane they do have traffic uh flaggers there so we are the projects being milled and overlaid under construction I mean under traffic so um part of why we're trying to get that done is because right after that's done is when we're going to start diverting people we should because we're 80% done uh and I say by 80% on the roundabout we still have the other leg to do but we will start using the roundabout and close a portion of highway 89 in June so that is still our target to try to do that so you've probably noticed on highway 89 there has been some slow and as and the same thing unfortunate so just expect some delays we're trying to get uh you know asphalt down and uh and and so we can get that roundabout open and start work using that um larvia road we did our pre-construction last week so the contractor will be given notice to proceed in June right now he's in his assembly period trying to get his um you know start ordering things and he'll start with the submittals but the goal is to start that one after we've got fortune rode open and and people circulating there but again expect that to go on for a year um I can tell you that we are just uh two weeks beyond one year in starting with both highway 89 and the fortune road roundabout so they have made some significant progress with what they have done on those two project simultaneously all under you know under under under traffic so I might seem like longer to people but that's pretty impressive what they've done in a year um shima agriab I do have draft plans for that completed um anzlum kool-e detention pond we're waiting on the core permit for that one once we get the core permit we could finalize environmental so that we can get clearance to um make an ought to get the property appraised and make an offer to the the property owner um highway 92 the ultimate project the expansion that we're still waiting on anything from the the grant any decisions I think they're usually out in like June I think that's what it was last year and what they said but in the interim we are working on some left turn lanes uh to do an interim solution that we are working on right now um between bona and um same place uh the prescott 92 roundabout we are 65 percent complete it's probably a little bit further along with that but because we are working through some uh coordinating on some drainage stuff with uh shigameo pond plans and want to make sure with the development you guys talk do want to make sure that all of the drainage uh coincides with the projects um so and then we're working on the tap um that's the resolution that you guys passed today and the mayor will be submitting that next week and we will be doing uh we are focused on from um a little be a little north of hawk two wards here fill in two wards the clock roundabout to fill in different gaps of the sidewalks so that at least that's contiguous and then move on to other phases in other applications so we will let them know it's a it's a face project any questions about i mean a lot a lot of moving pieces on on roads so uh uh there's a lot of stuff that's a major major event probably happening in the next 30 days where the the uh young zohaiway roundabout to the fairfield will be uh opening as Pam said just uh that's why the fortunes being overlaid today fortune from 89 to bonans being done today the next critical path will be the roundabout opening in the road to brusar so if you're going north on 89 roughly around the beginning of the summer north on 89 at fortune you'll have to take the fortune fairfield connection to south bennard or you can go east to bonan and we're going to take as much we're trying our best to maximize the calendar while schools out for the summer to really try to do some work on the center of young zohaiway that's under construction today and then uh as Pam said the lurivier project will be kicking off in june as well so the the press got roundabout i mean i think we're at a good place of the design of that that has it's probably we still wanted we still intend to do it we've secured the right way we have the land um and i think that's going to be necessary for our our build out but uh we've kind of not shifted our priority but we've made more of a spotlight on on doing the improvements to the southern east west connector of improving shim and agriab and then also working on improvements of highway 92 uh to incorporate churn lanes as Pam said and keeping our fingers crossed that will be successful with the grand opening in june which funds much greater improvements for on east milton from around south same place to feel crest any questions about any of the infrastructure projects all right thank you Pam Tim unfortunately wasn't feeling well and had to leave but uh council his reports in your packet if you have any questions i'm happy to follow up with him or you may uh do so yourself um anything from my team paley okay um i just wanted to bring up tonight say nans is uh holding you fest per ceremony and dedicating an organ um for the new expansion of the church and tomorrow night it will be celebrating uh their inaugural mass in the new church so senior prayers uh to them and prayers of thanksgiving for uh this new wonderful expansion in the heart of our city for saint anz uh and for all the parishioners um so i know that they are very excited about that opening uh also i want to bring up on saturday the young soul farmers market will again take place our second month we've got more vendors that are going to be there this month uh then last month so we hope the community will show up eight to noon foster memorial park please come out and support these local vendors um appreciate the support so far not with uh just the farmers market but with all of the shopping local as was indicated by our sales tax uh report from cather and so please come out and support those those vendors also after the farmers market the phado no fest is going to be taking place at the amphitheater from two to ten there are three bands um that are going to be out there uh daemon troy kevin nake and then closing out the night with jamey vagaross so please go and support the lions club uh the funding for that will go to uh some additional improvements at the inclusive playground so please go support our lions club and uh check out the phado no fest more information um obviously online you can check out the event uh on facebook fifty dollars to get in my correct on that kids ten and under or free also uh chamber luncheon is next week five fourteen at eleven thirty at first assembly uh so please go and support our business community if you'd like to attend the chamber luncheon um members of the chamber obviously we encourage you to attend also guns and hoses presented by leadership young zils taking place on May thirty first from six to nine at sugar beach uh if you know guns and hoses it's going to be our police department uh versus our fire department so come and support uh those guys we also have i think a little bit of a uh challenge going on between our leadership classes um so please come out support our guns and hoses event on the thirty first that's it all right any announcements from the council you sir mr. remere oh yeah great thanks uh just a couple thing or two things mainly great job i know tibbs not here but him and his staff great job working with you guys for a national day of prayer that was probably one of the most powerful uh national day of prayers that we've had i feel like every year it continues to grow and pastor kohmer he said it best how do you get i think it was nine past or maybe in a room with no uneventful events going on and they're there to be there it's a definitely act of god and it was great and i'm glad we do that uh and then i just wanted to say uh on behalf of uh red recovery club of youngsville we have one more scholarship to give out but we've given out we'll be giving out fifteen thousand dollars in scholarship money that we raise that's ten uh scholarship winners um all of them from the youngsville area four from south side two from arca two from ascension and two other youngsville residents uh it just gets harder and harder to give these scholarships out because these kids keep raising the bar for us but we continue to open our pocketbooks and give out a little bit more every year so we went from a little three scholarships five hundred bucks a piece to now given away fifteen thousand dollars little club in youngsville so it's pretty great and uh happy mother's day to all of the mothers in the room and listening and hope you enjoy your day thank you sir mr. miley yeah uh speaking medical again um so may is uh uh mental health awareness month um and i think it's something that a lot of people don't think about people tend to take for granted um so just utilize this month to check in with your own mental health how are you doing um set some things in place to take some time for yourself check in with yourself make sure that you're doing all right because the people around you that rely on you need you to be in your best so focus on that and then my challenge to you is uh social media is our biggest enemy you have people who are who are struggling and they're trying to get that released they're trying to just forget about what's going on in their life and then you hop on social media and unfortunately all we post and tend to share is negative things consistently so try to post three positives share three positives flood your feed with that type of stuff and really help uh help people out there who may be struggling because you don't know who's struggling so in honor mental health awareness month i just wanted to bring that up thank you sir any other council announcements chief anything nope you pushed the button yep sure got it all right i didn't have one more thing one of the officers that just started Monday brings 26 years of law enforcement experience to the department also he's a military veteran we're looking forward to working with him a Howard Bowen perfect look forward to meet no you couldn't make it tonight so let's want to introduce them more like yeah thank you sir thank you any other business for the council to hear all right if there's no other business is there motion to adjourn all right all in favor uh eating a jr.n thank you so much have a great evening