Shampine do you have anything that you want to add maybe well. Oh no sir welcome mr. Davi Thank you council appreciate the the vote of confidence and I know I've had conversations with most of y'all It's like mr. Merrimero said it's time that For one that LPSS kid at least turn over a plan and that's kind of all were Asking for it's been six football seasons going on number seven And there's not a plan for a stadium so With Limited kind of backing up to this point. We're trying to rally the troops for lack of word Like a term I guess But I think I think we're in the right direction and like I said, I appreciate the council Kind of coming together and kind of be able to propose a resolution Thank you for your leadership. Yeah, thank you for your work on it mr. Davi All right Yeah, motion to accept resolution number 2023-02 Oh, all right. Thank you mr. Merrim and Shampine any council discussion on this item What do you what do you all anticipate would be the next the next step? We were how can we further help? Support or I mean obviously awareness I think is a huge component and I think that's where mr. Davi's group has been successful Or but they can't they can't do it alone what what we're showing on the screen here is the Believe it's roughly 600 acres that's owned by the Latvia power school System You can see the the current layout of the footprint is on the lower left of that of that site It's actually crosses Shambord lower left of the parcel that's on shimmy matter, but there's a lot of undeveloped land there I think it's reasonable to expect there'd be continued discussion and collaboration with the school system I mean really not just about athletic facilities, but I mean Candidly I mean the reason that we should have confidence and continuing to grow is because of I mean we know the charter schools doubling their footprint 2004 thousand kids, but they won't be able to do it alone. We're gonna need the assistance and the continued cooperation of our school system so I think this is good and I appreciate you guys taking the lead to continue the conversations and the dialogue To keep it forefront and to keep the citizens of young zil and the The parents and students are south-south high school in the forefront so I might make one when they'll quick comment I just know that you know elected leaders, you know got the school there Elected leaders could help get a stadium there. So it's gonna be elections are not over So this is when you really start to go talk to you, you know, perspective member board members not just in our district, but in other districts and See where they're staying. I mean we all have friends outside up here. So