I'd like to call this meeting to order for our opening. I'm inviting Pastor Joe Cormier from Young Souls 1st Assembly to lead us in our invocation. And then our pleasure, Senior Movie Lead, by Council Member Romero. I make my bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, we thank you Lord for your grace and mercy upon us. Lord, as the sign reads, in God we trust. So Father, we've put our full trust in you tonight for this meeting, Lord, I pray your blessings upon it. I pray your blessings upon our city officials, our city leaders, all of our council members, our city police and firemen. Lord, and all of those who are here representing our city government today, Lord, just bless them and give them innovation and ideas, Lord, as they lead this city to wherever it is that you would have us to go. Or we just thank you for this opportunity that we have to gather in this new facility. And we give you thanks for it, Lord, it's through the people of this city, but it's through your blessings upon us that we have the opportunity to enjoy this type of facility. So thank you, Lord, for it. And we just give you all the glory and honor tonight. And it's in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. Legend to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic, which it stands, one nation, and the God, and the people, who will never be in justice for all of them. Mayor, if I could interrupt please. Yes, sir. Prior to, can we add, make a motion to add and open the agenda for the Youngsville Historical Society, a discussion item at 4.2? Yes, sir, a motion to amend the agenda to get a report from the Youngsville Historical Society. Is there a second on that motion? Second. Second by Councilwoman Reo. This would require unanimous vote to put the addition. Ms. Giger, please call the vote. Ms. Reo? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Sanesbury? Yes. Ms. Shampa? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Nicole, for the hearing. And agenda item 2.1 nomination and appointment for Mayor Pro Tem. We'll open nominations at this time. Hey, Mayor, I'd like to make a quick comment first and then nominate. It's been a pleasure. It's been an honor to serve as Mayor Pro Tem over the last two years. We have two council members that, one, spend around for one term, the other two terms. And even though that Mayor Pro Tem is normally a four-year appointment, we have decided that we're going to nominate for two-year terms for the first two, Councilman Romero, and the other one, Councilman Volgiano. That's my nomination. Thank you. Is there a second on the nomination? Or actually, I don't know that we require a second. So is there any other nominations, I should say? I'd like to nominate Mindy Volgiano for the four-year.