is it to a 28 and one at 27? Yeah, I think it's two at 27 and one at 28. I think you're right there. How wide are the homes? So there are approximately 22 feet wide. And that 22 feet is that from slab one side is lay up to the other slide. How much is the overhang? Well, 12 inches. So it's a foot right all the way around. So on both sides, you're projecting five foot said backs, which is our regular setback requirement of five feet. So what's going to be your interior? So we're going to have that third house at middle house. So that's a good question. So I think we've got the five foot setback from the adjacent neighbor on each side. And I think what we would like to ask is we can do a three foot setback in between the middle house and the adjacent lots. If you can track my logic there. So we'd be going to three feet with a one foot overhang on each house, right? And we have one foot in between. Am I correct in my calculation? Is that accurate? We don't have one foot. Yes, I think that's fair between the houses. Right. You're going to sell these around them. Sell them. Yeah. It really depends on how the accounting plays out our plan. We've got a couple of options. Our plan would be to either sell all three or sell two and keep one. That's really the kind of the options that we're looking at. You gave some examples. So we've all had done on. I see. This was on. Waiting to do. Do you want to wait in. When I pull the picture off of the assessor's site that's a street view. I don't see two homes. You said you're split into two homes. Is it a duplex? It's connected. It's a duplex. It's no division of property. Okay. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Well, the zero line means that there's no space in between. That's really what I call a duplex because it's connected. Kind of like when you do a townhouse or some of the other developments we've doing downtown. The other one was a waiting to know. Reena draft. You stated. Matt. I'm saying it's just not right. Okay, that's. Rule.modern. toch all. So it looks like those said backs between those homes had to be at least six feet. Maybe wrong. But it had to be at least six feet. What I did see in his development is he paid. He concrete the entire front of the properties for parking. Yes. What are y'all going to do about parking. We you can't do street parking. Right. the front set back at 30 feet to have plenty of parking room off of that street. It's fun. Our opinion is our opinion. We actually, when we were looking at Raina Drive development, we didn't