 Father, we just come to you at the end of the year, Father, to thank you for a great year for the city of Youngsville, Father. The things that you've done in our city, God, and just the improvements. And more than anything, Father, a city that honors you above all, God. Father, we pray for this meeting, that the words that are said tonight glorify you and honor you. And thank you for the smiles as I walked in and the friendliness in this room, God. We thank you for our mayor and his leadership, God, and the council for their leadership, God. More than anything, Father, as we come to this time of year, let us remember this time of year is all about Jesus, God. And it's because of him we're here. We pray all of this in his name. Amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the Father of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. All right. Well, before we get started with the regular meeting, I'd first like to welcome Councilmember Nick Nyland to the dais. And his wife, Taylor, and son, Jude, are here in the front row as well as his in-laws in the second row. I'd like to ask our city attorney to swear on our new council members. So, Nick, if you wouldn't mind coming around the front. Family, certainly welcome to join. And Mr. Trahi is going to administer your oath of office, sir. All right. Let's do it that way. All right. How about that? Nick, repeat. Please repeat after me. I, Nicholas Nyland. I, Nicholas Nyland. You solemnly swear or affirm that I will support. You solemnly swear or affirm or affirm that I will support. The Constitution. The Constitution. And the laws of the State of the United States. And the laws of the United States. And the Constitution and laws. And the Constitution and laws. The rules of the United States. The laws of the United States. The laws of the United States. And that I will faithfully. And that I will faithfully. And impartially. And impartially. Discharge and perform. All the duties. Incumbent upon me. Incumbent upon me. As council member. As council members. Division D. Division D. City of Youngsville. City of Youngsville. According to the best. According to the best. Of my ability. Of my ability. And understanding. And understanding. Do help me God. Do help me God. Congratulations. We'll curate the roll. All right. All right, Ms. Guidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barres? Here. Mr. Bolgiano? Here. Mr. Romero? Here. Mr. Nyland? Here. Ms. Champagne? Here. All right, thank you, Nicole. I also want to take a moment to recognize our incoming chief of police is here with us. Where is he? I don't see him. Oh, okay, I'm sorry. I'm used to seeing you on this slide. Our incoming chief of police, J.P. Broussard, is here. Mr. Broussard, you're welcome to say a few words if you'd like. We appreciate you being here with us this evening. As I shared earlier this week, that our incoming chief is going to take the oath of office at a later date. And as soon as he determines when that is, I'm going to share it on his behalf with the public. So the floor is yours, sir. Good evening. First of all, I'd like to thank the citizens of Youngsville, the council, the mayor, Chief Louvier. I appreciate your dedication, sir. Today, I'm here to say thank you to everybody. I appreciate everybody's support, especially the citizens of Youngsville. I'm here to work tirelessly for them moving forward. My goal is to make Youngsville one of the safest cities in the state. Thank you. Thank you. Looking forward to working with you, J.P. Thank you. All right. This evening, we also have – well, let me do this one first. We have two candidates for office here, but let me go in order if you don't mind. Agenda item 4.1. I have the privilege this evening to recognize just an outstanding friend of the Youngsville community. I was thinking about it earlier this year, and there's really few people that come to mind at just at a quick thinking that have had more influence on Youngsville as a non-resident than Mr. John C. Broussard. Mr. Broussard has contributed a lot to our community, but he's never actually lived here in Youngsville. So I wanted to share some of what I believe are his best attributes, highlight his contributions to our city, and why do this now? As we continue to grow, I don't want to lose sight. I don't think any of us want to lose sight of where we've come from. So tonight, Mr. John, we want to give you some recognition. You're a Youngsville High School graduate, attended SLI. Your wife's here, Ms. Emma. Nice to see you, ma'am. Emma Gillery from Ville Platt. They've had one son, Guy. Those of you that don't know, Mr. Broussard served as the postmaster of Youngsville. He was licensed in real estate for a short time and decided that that wasn't really the best thing for him, but he developed a real good knack for real estate development during that time. Mr. John. If you've grown up in politics around our community, you know that Mr. John was always interested in politics as well. His best friend that was like a brother was our former parish president, Walt Como. So Mr. John always sat in on a lot of those conversations and discussions about how to move not only the parish, but of course, Youngsville forward. When I spoke to the former parish president's son this week, he said that you were literally one of the best human beings that he's ever known. So what a compliment is that. His interest in politics brought him to some interesting places in the history of our community. He sponsored a couple of lunches that proved to be very important in our history. One was with Mayor Danias, of course, the parish president and the Acadiana delegation to start conversations on how we could have a loop in our community, how we could have Shiman Metairy Parkway. Of course, we know how that project worked out. We were proud to have it here today. Another lunch that Mr. John spearheaded was also with the parish president's staff, Mr. Bill Fontenot with DOTD, and that was to work on the Ambassador Caffrey extension, which as we know, you know, has been such a vital project for not only getting us here to Youngsville, but to Broussard and just developing South Lafayette as well. He mentioned his failure on that project was we didn't deliver or they couldn't deliver on a six foot wide sidewalk. But maybe we can maybe they'll do that one day for you, Mr. John. Also, he was he was very closely aligned with Mayor Gallet at the time. Mayor Gallet had created the Youngsville Industrial Development Association, which we still believe was really a committee of one person. And that was Mr. John. At the time, Mayor Gallet was trying to replace the jobs associated with the sugar mill that we had in Youngsville because it burned down. So Mayor Gallet, this is something I didn't know, was really Mayor Gallet was trying to get a Kia car dealership, a Kia car manufacturer here in Youngsville. They were unsuccessful in that, but they were successful in bringing southern structures to Youngsville. And they were at that time sending a frame packages worldwide. So that was a little bit background about Mr. John. But how do how do we all more currently know Mr. John? What I'm proudest of is that he took a gamble on Youngsville before we were a solid bet. He assembled a group of builders to purchase 450 acres in Youngsville, which later became the Copperfields and Copper Meadows neighborhoods. After that, and so those projects in the time frame that was during the 80s, the oil bust, and you know, some challenging economic time periods. So, but worked out well. And Mr. John and Steve Aschie developed Fieldcrest and then later Sable Palms as well. As a home builder, he built hundreds of homes in our community and he also built dozens of post offices. He was the Acadiana home builder builder of the year 1994. He was a Lions Club member for about 55 years and still is today. We saw him at the dedication of the inclusive play play set. He was also the Lions Club citizen of the year, Youngsville Chamber citizen of the year. Served many years on the planning commission and as a lead up board member. Just involved in so many meetings and conversations about all things Youngsville. His family donated property for the fire station on Fountain View, Fountain View Drive today that we know as the Jason Seymour Fire Station One. And his family, a guy specifically donated the acreage for St. Ann's for a school or a church. And then when they decided to focus more on the church, they re-met, got together. And the Broussard family was very generous in helping St. Ann's get their footing. And then there was probably, I don't know, I'm guessing maybe four or five years ago that Mr. John came to me giggling and he said he's going to do, he told Emma he's going to do one more. And that one more was Southern Trails. And so Southern Trails is still being developed today. We did sell that property to Rusty Broussard and also Steve and Ashlee that are finishing the project. But I know Mr. John is keeping a good eye on that project. So when you think about the neighborhoods that Mr. John developed before Youngsville was a solid bed, Copperfield is one that we've used many times as an example. In fact, I've created ordinances based on because of the several things. One, the design, you know, short cul-de-sac streets. He had the foresight to put an HOA when HOAs weren't popular. Dedicated green space that Copperfield could later build their own common areas. And those principles we've later, you know, about ten years ago put as standards across our entire development criteria for new neighborhoods. And this I was always interested in. If you ever want to know where the Copper names come from, I was wondering, I said, what did I miss in Youngsville that was relative to that? Mr. John told me that it was just inspired from his travels. And that was from some traveling in Las Vegas. So when you're picking street names with 9-1-1, I did know this. I mean, it's a it's you have to kind of come up with several back back up streets because 9-1-1 has to make sure there's no conflicts, you know, with anything similar there. But. And in one thing that has always stuck out for me, Mr. John, that you've always said was that it doesn't cost a lot to be helpful to somebody. And I think it's through that generosity and that spirit that that you've taken just such a great interest in Youngsville. So tonight I want to present you with a key to the city from the citizens of Youngsville. It's presented to John C. Broussard in recognition of your exceptional dedication and transformative contributions to the city of Youngsville as an original developer, home builder, property donor, postmaster, community leader and steadfast supporter of civic growth. Your legacy has shaped the heart of our city and your vision and service exemplify the spirit of Youngsville where life is sweeter. So with heartfelt gratitude, I'd like to call you up and present you with this key to the city. Mr. John C. Broussard. Ripping it out the plastic. That's good. That's good. Let me come around. Yeah, how about maybe I'll meet Mr. John here and then y'all want to squeeze in and be behind us. With everyone? I'm interested. I'll see you then. I'll see you then. I know, right? You might have to ride home on your own. Let's scoot all the way to the park. Yeah, let's scoot down. Good job. Good job. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you. Should I scoot all the way to the front? Yeah, I'll make you see. Uh, like what do you see? Yeah, let's get down. Is that good? Yeah, it's good. Good job. Thank you. All right, next item on the agenda, we have an open Senate race that covers the entire city of Youngsville, that's Senate District 23. In Agenda 4.2 this evening, I want to recognize Mr. Jesse Reagan to come forward and introduce himself to the public of Youngsville. Jesse, welcome to City Hall, sir. Thank you, Ken. Well, that's a resume to follow right there. You really teed it up for me. Good evening, Mayor Ritter, council members, administration. I'd like to thank you for having me tonight to address not only you, but all the citizens of Youngsville. My name is Jesse Reagan. I'm running for State Senate District 23. District 23 encompasses Youngsville, Broussard, Milton, Lafayette, Scott, and the Austin area. I grew up right here in South Lafayette Parish. I went to Broussard Middle. I was a graduate of the Ovecomo High. I've been married to my beautiful wife, Kyla, for 20 years. We have three teenage boys, and we actually reside right down the road in Sable Palms, which is one of Mr. John Broussard's developments. For the past 20 years, I've been a mortgage banker in Acadiana. I've served thousands of families in Acadiana, realizing a piece of the American dream through home ownership. I also have partnerships in several other companies that specialize in finance, hospitality, and real estate development. Fifteen years ago, I chose to get more involved in the community. I've held chairmanship roles in the Broussard Chamber of Commerce, the Broussard Economic Development Corporation, the Broussard Civil Service Board, the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, and I'm the current chair of the Lafayette Industrial Development Board. That service led me to seek public office, and for the last six years, I've been a city councilman at Broussard. And just like you, sitting in these chairs here, we chose public service because we wanted to be able to affect change and to bring prosperity to our future generations in our communities so they don't have to leave and find opportunities elsewhere. As a city councilman, I've worked directly on municipal budgets, on infrastructure projects, as well as essential services. So I understand firsthand the challenges that local governments face. This hands-on experience gives me a unique perspective that you can't get from the private sector alone. I've built crucial relationships, and Baton Rouge needed to advocate for our communities and navigate the legislative process effectively. This isn't just about making laws. It's about understanding how those laws affect our families and our communities and our daily lives. As a father and a business owner, I understand the daily struggles. Educating our children, paying higher insurance premiums, ever-rising higher insurance premiums, shouldering higher taxes in our neighboring states, and watching family members have to leave to find opportunities elsewhere. So my commitment is simple. I bring the same conservative principles that guided me as a city councilman at Broussard all the way to Baton Rouge. That's exactly what I do in the state senate, putting our families first, fighting for lower taxes, affordable insurance, and protecting the values that we all share as a community. I've said it once, and I'll say it again. The seat cannot be bought. The state is not for sale. And our values will not be compromised. Just as I fought for the values in Broussard, you can trust that I'll never back down from defending our faith and our values in Baton Rouge. So I humbly ask for your support and your vote in the upcoming Senate election. It's going to be here in 60 days, so it's going to be a sprint. So I thank you for your time, and I'm happy to answer any questions that you may have. Wish you the best of luck. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you for coming to me. Absolutely. And agenda item 4.3, Mr. Brock Myers is here also to announce his candidacy to Youngsville for Senate District 23. Representative, welcome, sir. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Council Members. Nick, congratulations again. It was great to be here and see you sworn in today. Just like to introduce myself, Brock Myers, Representative Brock Myers, born and raised in St. Landry Parish, so not necessarily down the road, but spent the last 20 years here in Lafayette Parish. I spent my entire career in the healthcare side. My family started a company 30 years ago called LHC Group. I grew up in that company. I've spent my entire career and life building, helping to build that company. We are in 42 states across the United States. We have 35,000 employees. We're based right there on Hugh Wallace Road in Lafayette. And we kept that company here in Lafayette and in Lafayette Parish because of the living and breathing culture that exists in this area. But not only that, the people are special. The geography is special. And we've chosen to keep that company here. And that is something that I think is worth fighting for and protecting. A year ago, I'm sorry, two years ago, I decided to lean into public service. Our company went through a transition. And for me, I'll say one thing that our constituents are not going to have to worry about in Senate District 23 this time. It's for me, I found myself going into the ballot box year after year and not seeing good options. And I'm proud to say that even just hearing Mr. Reagan just now speak and the more that I learn about him, I don't think that we're going to have that issue in Senate District 23. I think we're going to give people at least two good options. We don't know how many options are going to be there, but I think two good options are going to be there. When I decided to make that run for House District 45 and represent the central part of Lafayette, I went in with the experience of private industry, but very little on the government side. And I tell my closest friends this every day, the day that I become a politician, I don't want to be there anymore, because that is not what I'm there to be. I'm there to be in service. So in a short year, I was actually chosen to be, or I'm sorry, honored to be the rising star of the legislature of both houses, and honored with that award earlier this year by the Southwest Chamber of Commerce. I was selected to be the vice chairman of the Acadiana delegation. I serve under Chairman Bowyer. So he and I are both the officers that lead that delegation. I was chosen for the speaker's executive committee. So I helped to lead all changes with staff and decisions that take place at the Capitol. I also serve on the Ways and Means Committee. So we've just, of course, ended a historic tax session where we spent three weeks, as many of you I'm sure know, resetting the tax structure for the state of Louisiana. I serve health and welfare, which is where my background and my knowledge is, of course. And I also serve on the retirement and the joint budget committees. So in one single year, I've been through five sessions and implemented so much change in the state of Louisiana that I think we can be proud of. As I said, you know, my career has certainly been through a number of things inside health care. But I focus most of my career on mergers and acquisitions. So I negotiate transactions throughout our state, which is very much part of collaboration and building and putting deals together, which is what we've been doing in the legislature. And I think it's important to be able to collaborate with communities across this great parish. I've been married to my wife for 20 years as well. We have a 14-year-old son, my wife here, Carly, in the back. We were just talking. Her employer is Dr. John Theriault. Carly's been a dental hygienist for 20 years. They just opened an office actually a block away from here. So that's their third office. And she's hardworking every day, as is my son. I will say that, you know, I hope to have the chance to be able to serve Senate District 23. I know it's a fast jump one year in the House of Representatives. I actually had to go to leadership and say, you know, for me in my career and having been able to lead as many people as I have throughout my career, when I take somebody in and I see them growing and they jump and they go to another job, it always did kind of burn me a little bit. So I had to go to leadership and I had to say, you guys have put in a lot of investment in me. And I need to make sure that this is the right move. And I was assured from my leaders that Brock, Louisiana needs you in this role. And so it's not an easy jump to just come out of a campaign for a representative and go right back into a campaign after five sessions. But our heart and soul is in it and we're so ready to go. And I hope the chance to get to represent you guys. And I'm happy to take any questions as well. All right. Well, we wish you both the best of luck. Thank you all both for being here. Thank you. And Brock, I know you and your wife have other, you told me other obligations. So no hard feelings if you have to step out. So all right. And just want to acknowledge Vincent Pierre from Mayor President Boulet's office is here with us and also our parish council member, Ken Stansberry. So welcome. Welcome back, Ken. All right. Agenda item 5.1, approval of the November 14, 2024 meeting minutes. Motion. Motion. All right. Motion by Mr. Bolgiano, second by Mr. Romero. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? If there's no public comment, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barrett? Yes. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council. Agenda item 6.1 is approval of the October 2024 finance report. Move. All right. A motion by Council Member Romero and a second by Councilwoman Barres. Is there any council comment or discussion? All right. Catherine has provided you a sales tax update. Do you want to share it with the public? Catherine? Of course. So looking at November, we are for tax collections. Prior year, we're a little bit over 6.5% increase. So again, another good month. All right. Thank you. Any questions? Okay. If we have a motion, a second, any public comment? If there's no public comment, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote to approve the financial report from October 2024. Ms. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Barrett? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council and Catherine. Other business 7.1. Actually, two items kind of go related. They're both for Sweetwater Point, which is a new development at 4400 Shimon Metairie Parkway. Representing that development is Mr. Jimmy Jolly with the development team, and Margaret is the property manager there. As Council, as you know, and maybe the public's not aware, but Sweetwater Point, excuse me, 4400 Shimon Metairie Parkway is 141 unit cottage rental development near Century Defense, across the street from Century Defense. So they are leasing now, have a couple of occupied units, and going through inquiries right now. So there's two requests. The first one's 7.1. They're requesting a variance to construct four additional homes within the 200-foot frontage off of Shimon Metairie Parkway. So I guess we can take that one first. Just for some historical context, Council, the 200-foot setback, I mean, you guys know the reason for that. The clubhouse was given a variance to be within the 200-foot frontage when it was constructed so that if you're looking at aerials or the images of the site or if you're driving by, you'll see that the clubhouse is in that frontage. But then there's other space on what's indicated to you that they're asking to build additional units, which would be within that frontage. So I'll turn it over to, let's see, would you like to comment anything that I haven't added? I'd certainly feel free, Jim, you're Margaret. Yeah. I think Mayor Ritter just got it. I just want to say thank you, ladies and gentlemen of the Council, for having us here today. Nick, congratulations. Didn't know we were going to see us wearing in today. That's great. But I'm here to field any questions that you may have about the development. Council, do y'all have any questions about what's being asked? How many homes are currently constructed in the property? So the total property right now is 143 units. That's not constructed right now. That's how many it's going to be. We're asking to add four more. There are 10 that are available for lease currently. We have another 10 and 20 that should be available in the next month. And then we have frames on approximately, I think, 40 or 50 houses right now. And it's 100% rental, right? That's correct. Yes, sir. Okay. Go ahead. All right. Thank you, man. Any other? Ms. Barres. How much would be left of the 200 foot? I can't give you an exact number on that. It'll be probably about 50 feet. If you drive by the property, and I think you have a picture of it in your packet, there's an existing fence line there. The last house would be about 10 or 15 feet from that fence line. Yeah. There's not going to be much more constructible room when you factor in the addition. The best one that illustrates it is the one that has the yellow highlighted area. Ms. Champagne. Thank you, Mayor. Since that 200 feet, we did this years ago, the 200 feet for commercial property all along our major arteries to drive that commercial element. Have y'all reached out to anyone reach out to y'all for commercial for the frontage? Yeah. At this point, we haven't had any interest from commercial tenants. Have you tried? We have it out there. We don't have it listed with anybody, but we haven't had anybody reach out to us. We know it's available. I think people who are interested in the city know the ordinance, but no one's reached out. Right. And just to be clear, we did the ordinance to make sure that we kept our major arteries, which Jim and Metairie, I consider Shem and Metairie and 92 in downtown as the hubs of our city that brings our city together. And in doing that, it was for the purpose of keeping it for commercial development. So hopefully at some point in time, that area begins to start developing also, and that y'all get some interest for commercial development. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. All right. Thank you, Ms. Champagne. All right. Well, is there – in order to move forward, there would need to be – I guess, I mean, no action would – it would fail, but this would be the appropriate time to request a motion to grant the variance, should that be your preference. All right. Well, then I guess let's move to the second one. The second one is 7.2. As I mentioned for Margaret, they're in the leasing process. So in order to help get the word out, they're requesting a variance for several feather flags and now leasing signs that would be placed along the road. And council – I mean, you know this, but for the public's benefit, I mean, those type of signs are really restricted in the Youngsville Code of Ordinances for the – specifically the sign ordinance. So this does require a council variance, should you wish to do so. Ms. Champagne. Thank you, ma'am. What type of marketing have you all been doing outside on your own to market the cottages? Yes, ma'am. So we – every week, we try daily to go business to business. So we've hit the way going to Highway 90, both ways, actually. And we – I have some information with me today that I can share that – a little sample of what we provide everybody. So not only do we give them some information, but we also kind of introduce what kind of living it is. So they are high-end living cottage homes. It's a new experience to the Youngsville area. It's kind of like bringing the comfort of home living without the hassle of ownership. So the cottage homes, we offer two- and three-bedroom cottages, and they all kind of have their own little yards to them, personal private parking for them. Some have carports. Some have garages. So it should ultimately feel like you're living in a home. You just don't have a mortgage to pay for. Yeah. Are you doing any other marketing that you're paying for, basically? We do Google ads. We have apartments.com, and we also post on social media pretty – quite often. So we do the most as well online, and we also try to partner up with local businesses, too, to kind of get the word out there. It's been helping for word of mouth for the most part. When we tried the signs out in the front entrance, it did bring us some people in because I guess it kind of showed that we're there, we're present. And then when they were asked to be removed, it kind of slowed down the traffic. So we tried to be a little bit more creative, but I think the flags and some signage would at least help for exposure purposes. And, Mayor, I would like to just give a little brief history on our sign ordinance. Our sign ordinance was developed, and it took years, by Mr. A.J. Bernard, who lived right here on the corner. He did an awesome job of our sign ordinance. We have a very strict sign ordinance, which I completely agree with. We've amended it maybe once or twice, not real – but the chamber, we got with the chamber, and we did amend it quite a bit. I used to work for the city. And we picked up quite a few of these feather flags because they're not allowed in the ordinance. And we did it knowing that the ordinance was restrictive, but we also felt that there is a way that you can go out and market your business without having the feather flags. So in saying that, I would find it very hard to vote for a variance for the feather flags when we have businesses that have located here that have spent millions of dollars to locate here, and we've pulled their flags up. We've told them they could not have them. Now, you are allowed to have a banner for 30 days when you open the business in the front of the business. So that is the ordinance today. But I would find it very hard to allow this when we don't allow it. We have not allowed it in years. I came in 2015, and that ordinance was in place. So it's been almost 10 years that we have not allowed the feather flags and that we have actually picked them up in the front of businesses or asked them to remove them because they're not allowed. So I would not vote for this. All right. Thank you, Ms. Champagne, Mr. Romero. Good evening. I don't know if you're a part of the project when it was first being developed or not. Have you looked into the special permit process? I know typically, what, two weeks for a special permit? Yeah. I'm sorry to interrupt, but we did talk about, I mean, basically you would have really 30 days. 30 days, yeah. I mean, would you agree, Ms. Champagne? Yeah. I mean. It's 30 days for a banner. We have never allowed a special permit for the flags. Yeah, I'm correct. For the feather flags. That's correct. We do allow a special permit for a banner, 30 days. Okay. Well, I'm saying correct. I've known some businesses to use a special permit for a flag for the temporary time. I mean, that might be the opportunity to relook at it and if that's something we need to. But when I look at this, it is hard to digest a 12-month variance because then we're basically going to have a long line at the next meeting for every business, residential type rental and all that. And something we've done really well my last 10 years is the cleanliness and great look of the city. And these type of things do tend to fray a lot and end up in drainage or laying on the ground after a storm. And that's what I don't want to see out there. So I think that's one of the reasons why I know Mr. AJ had this in the ordinance as well. Yes, ma'am. My concern would be if we would grant this variance, we're setting a very big precedence that we have not allowed in the past. All right. Is there any other council comment on this? All right. But then I guess similarly here, any substitute? I mean, well, I don't want to lead you guys, but Mr. Romero. Motion to deny a request of variance. All right. Well, then I don't think we need to, do we need to vote on that? Or if I do a second? Yeah, we can. Is there a second? Ms. Barris, that's a second. Okay. Any public comments? Since now is a vote, we can open it to any public comments, should there be any. All right. Ms. Guidry. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Maryland? No. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Baris? And Mr. Bogiano? Yeah. It's all good. Come on, man. Motion approved to deny. Okay. I'm sorry. But we will still have, maybe with the chamber, we can do a ribbon cutting for you guys, help share some of the content. I know it's a beautiful project. We're happy to have it here. So I'm happy to help with anything we can that's within the ordinance. Of course. Thank you. All right. Thank you for being here. Thanks, guys. All right. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Agenda Item 8.1 is resolution 2024-23, a resolution authorizing the mayor for the city of Youngsville to negotiate contracts for performances at the amphitheater powered by Slimco for fiscal year 2024-2025 and further authorizing the necessary budget amendment. I'll make a motion. All right. A motion by Councilmember Bolgiano and second by Councilmember Barres. It's open for council discussion. All right. It's open for public comment. All right. If there's no public comment and no council comment, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Sparez? Yes. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Aye. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. We'll move ahead and we'll keep you guys posted. So thank you all. 8.2, resolution 2024-24, a resolution authorizing submittal of water sector program phase two grant application approving a local match and entering into agreements associated with engineering services. All right. A motion by Mr. Bolgiano, second by Ms. Barres. Is there any council discussion? So for the public's benefit, what this is, you've probably heard us say, we have been successful in getting two separate grants, $5 million for water, $5 million for sewer to build, to expand our sewer infrastructure and to build new water infrastructure. This is doing a similar grant application. The water sector committee just came back this week's deadline for a new round. So for this, we're going after a new grant, which would be for the Youngsville purchase system. We have two water systems. So the Youngsville purchase system, this will help us strengthen that system. So Susan's been the lead on it, working on that grant application to get it submitted this week. So is there any comment, any public comment or any council comment or discussion needed for clarification? All right. Let's see. If there's none, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Barres? Yes. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. Three ordinances this evening for final adoption. 9.1 is ordinance 496-2024, an ordinance of the city of Youngsville, authorizing the mayor of the city of Youngsville, Louisiana, to execute a franchise agreement with Unity Fiber, Gulf Co. LLC. Okay. Okay. I have a motion by Councilman Champagne and a second by Councilman Bolgiano. Is there any council discussion, any public comment? No public comment. Ms. Guidry, please open the vote. Ms. Barres? Yes. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. 9.2 is ordinance 497-2024, an ordinance of the city of Youngsville amending the 2024-2025 budget in the amount of $4,575,791 to reallocate the American Rescue Plan, also known as ARPA, as well as the next funding. Ms. It is an amended version in your packet. Okay. An amended version in your packet. As well as the next. Ms. Councilman Bolgiano has a motion. Is there a second on the motion? All right. Mr. Romero, a second. All right. For just a little bit of context, what we're doing here is there's continuous, there has been multiple sets of new guidance that's become available for this funding. It was kind of like, you know, the feds approved it and figure out your limitations and how you could spend it later. So, we're just using the most recent guidance prior to the close of the year to make sure that we are appropriating the dollars that we've spent in the most current guidance, under the most current guidance. Right, Catherine, Nicole? With the guidance of our auditors and legislative auditors officers. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. All right. Any comment? Any public comment? All right. No comment? No discussion? Ms. Guidry, please call the vote. Mr. Romero? Yay. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Barrett? Yes. Mr. Bolgiano? Yes. Motion approved. All right. In agenda item 9.3 is Ordinance 357.3 2024, an ordinance amending Ordinance 357.2 2024, and the city limits of the city of Youngsville, Louisiana. An amended version in your packet as well. Yes. So, is there a motion to introduce, okay, Mr. Bolgiano? Is there a second? And then I'll tell you a little bit high level what it is. Okay, Councilman Romero. So, for the public's benefit, I'm sure the council has read it. You heard earlier tonight that on major arterials, 200-foot frontage on major arterials is being reserved for commercial development. Well, this ordinance with adoption tonight, should it pass, is really amending the major arterials to be 400 feet. We, when this was created, the idea was, as Ms. Champagne mentioned earlier, leave as many, you know, leave as much space for commercial development as we can as we're building out the city. 200-foot was really kind of what was done for, you know, strip centers and things like that in mind. Well, the 400 feet, when we kind of recalibrate, you know, our land that's left, we want to be able to, we're recommending that we protect as much of the available land for future commercial development. As I've shared with you before, we have our largest landowner, our second largest landowner, is now at the table with us working together to certify that property through Louisiana economic development, targeting manufacturing, light industrial, things like that. So this type of ordinance will help further strengthen that. As you know, Youngsville doesn't have traditional zoning, so it'll save those 400-foot frontages for commercial development. There's also, on the amended version, there's also, I think, some reclassification of a couple of different roads, but I believe in all cases it's classifying them as major arterial. Correct. So the only, what I want to share, though, is there may be some nuances with them to where, you know, there may be more situations that we haven't anticipated. So if this passes, I mean, you may, you know, have more situations come to you. Because really, unless we go parcel by parcel and do a zoning classification, you know, our current structure doesn't, we're not set up really to do that. So it's basically casting a wider net across the entire street that's identified in your ordinance. So that's why I just preface it with you may have to hear more, you know, to ensure that you've, ensure that the ordinance is right. So. Is there any public comment relative to the ordinance up for adoption? Okay. Is there any, any public comment, any council discussion? All right, Ms. Guidry, please call the vote on the adoption. Mr. Romero? Yay. Mr. Nyland? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Ms. Bojiano? Yes. Motion to pose. All right, we'll go to announcements. And I'd like to start with Pam, and then we can go to Susan, Tim, and then we'll entertain council and the announcements from the dais. Pam, the floor is yours, ma'am. All right. It's not me. Okay. Highway 89, we're about 40% complete. We have about 100 feet left of drainage for the whole east side of the Highway 89 on this phase, but we need AT&T to move a line out of the way. So as you know, they were, you may have experienced that they were saw cutting across Highway 89 so we can put the cross drain in, but we will have to move to the west side to do some of the drainage if AT&T doesn't move that line quickly. But they're making significant progress on Highway 89. But they're making significant progress on Highway 89. Fortune, we're about 60% complete. They've completed the asphalt binder. I'm sure a lot of you have seen the asphalt and all the way to the Boussard section. Next, they will be doing the concrete. You'll see them start to form the concrete for the roundabout itself. Highway 92 in Prescott is still at 60% design. We've been focused on Highway 89, Fortune, and others. Shemay Agriab, we are doing several cost alternatives for what we call in the Phase 1 as far as for doing the pavement preservation that we talked about based upon the geotechnical investigation that was performed and the traffic counts. So based on the traffic counts, we do have a high number of larger vehicles, especially from our sugarcane farmers take that route a lot to be able to get to Highway 90. So we're working on the alternatives. We are working on the raise grant for Highway 92 widening as well and continuing to do our reviews. Oh, and Lincouli, we are waiting on the core permit so that we can finish our environmental. And as soon as we finish that and submit our environmental, we can submit the final plans to be able to approach the property owner for the purchase of property. All right, any questions or clarification about any of the projects that McBade's handling? Just maybe while Susan's coming up, I'll just add a little more context to Shemay Agriab. As you all know, there's a pretty hard, you know, curve in that road. So what we've identified, I've been negotiating, I've successfully negotiated the right-of-way that's required on the part where the neighborhood is right now. But what we're looking at is really just doing a pavement preservation on the guillotte and detente sides coming towards the middle. And while we're then working as like a second phase would be kind of a more softening of that S curve there. But that's going to be more of a long-term project, even though we were secure in the right-of-way. And but the rest of that road is really just it's not in the best condition. So that's why we're moving ahead with pavement preservation coming like this and leaving the middle section. That makes sense. All right. Thank you, Pam. Susan. Yeah. So on the wastewater plant, we're still working on ironing out what the scope revisions, what scope revisions we're going to propose. And we'll meet with the mayor and Terry and see which way they want to go. Pump station four, they were supposed to start this month. They've had some personnel issues. You know, we've we've gone through some metals. They're ordering the equipment. They're just a little delayed because of labor. Pump station three, they should start in January. We're going through some metals on that. The water plant, you can see the tank is shaping up. It's pretty much complete. They're doing plumbing, electrical and finishing up the site work. And they're working on the on the drives, the limestone drives. Sugar Mill Pond, we're working on that design, making some progress there. Fortune Road, it's in DOTD Sands. I'm sure they're executing the contracts, but Glen Leger will be doing that job. The water line interconnections. We met with the city, need to do some scope revisions. We're working on that. We've got to get it back to DOTD, make sure it's okay. I mean to LDH. Make sure it's okay with them. And then we'll go out to bed on that. Are scope revisions on what? On the water line interconnections. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. And then pump station five, we are working on that. We met with Jeremy. We're figuring out how we want to address that upgrade, but it is progressing. Okay. Any questions for Susan? The main event, what we're really focused on, well, there's a lot of stuff going on, but the main one that's really that we're leaned in the most on is how do we scale the wastewater treatment plant upgrades based on our recent bid opening. And that's the task at hand. So we're confident, we're comfortable that we're doing that based on the market pricing that we saw. We're scaling the project back. Yeah. And that's the process that Susan and her team are in right now. Yeah. And I mean, everybody's bidding plant work right now is fighting the same issues. We have a lot of big projects bidding at the same time. So the competition was a little tight. We're hoping that if we go out, you know, re-advertise in January, maybe some of those would have shaken out and hopefully we'll get more competition. All right. Thank you, Susan. And then I just wanted to, did we talk about La Revere? You did. Okay. Did they, did DOTD push that back to February? Did you notice that? Yeah. I guess they didn't call and let me know that. Me either. No, I just saw it on the letting schedule. So. I don't. Okay. I can, I can ask why. I mean, I was just curious, because I know we had said it would be December, which obviously is not happening. So. If I had to guess, is that bridge department wanting additional calculations? Yeah. I just calculated it 10 ways to Sunday. And it's, it's their typical section. It's their, it's their bridge. I don't know how many times I have to calculate it, but we did some more calculations and like, it still works. Yeah. Yeah. Good to know. Thank you, Pam. And then also for Councilman Reagan, mayor Bork asked me yesterday about when we thought the connector would be open. I know it's right in your backyard. Pam and I discussed it earlier. The, the, the challenge is the, I mean, the, the road itself, we could have done next week, but it intersects with the roundabout at 89. So right now we're targeting like April for, for that project to be done. Of course, if weather's good, I mean, because the concrete's really the next step. Concrete goes through a different curing process. So it'll look like one section will be done and nothing's happening, but it's just the curing process for concrete. But the, the fortune road extension is actually asphalt. I mean, so we could, we could, we have the first layer of asphalt down. We just don't want to put all the asphalt down to, to tear it up during the construction. So I owe the, I owe mayor Bork an answer on that. So. Yeah. It would take like three days for them to do that asphalt. Yeah. You know, once. I, I, I even was considering, is there a way to do it with an alternate, but really with the way Youngsville Highway is being reconstructed, it just doesn't seem like it would be, you know, worth, worth the, you know, worth the squeeze to try to build a temporary road to bypass the roundabout since it's a brand new project anyway. So, all right, Pam, Susan, thank y'all. Um, Tim. Thank you. And I, I don't know if y'all saw, by the way, but Steven and Pastor Joe are here. So if there's any, I don't, not to put y'all on the spot, but if there's anything about Saturday you were going to say, you can certainly yield to them if you'd like. Oh. That's a public court for the other board. That's a public court for the other board. We know you love a podium. Yes, of course. Well, just, just so the public knows, um, Josh Smith, my assistant director is here with me tonight. Um, very important part of our team. Big reason we've been successful, you know, for quite a few years. Um, update on our sports, uh, Sugar Beach Volleyball, the Fall League has ended. Uh, adult softball finishes tonight. Our girls indoor volleyball, our last all-star tournament will be at ARCA this Sunday. Uh, all the tennis programming continues. Um, indoors, our pickleball league continues. Outdoor, the pickleball courts are being used pretty heavily. Uh, in the spring we'll be looking at, you know, creating some leagues for outdoor pickleball. Uh, Council on Aging continues and all our free play continues. Um, Bardi Gras Bombo tournament coming up. Uh, of course, Southeastern University from Hammond, who's the host. Uh, University of West Georgia from Carrollton, Georgia. Uh, University of Maine from Orono, Maine. Iowa State University from Ames, Iowa. Southern University and A&M College from Baton Rouge. Uh, Jackson State University from Jackson, Mississippi. Uh, Monmouth University from West Long Beach, New Jersey. Uh, Stephen F. Austin University from Nacogdoches, Texas. Houston Christian University from Houston, Texas. Uh, and Army West Point from West Point, New York. We'll be the teams this year. And then lastly was the, was the, the great family event we'll be having, you know, uh, Christmas under the stars. So Pastor Joe will come up here and speak on it. And just personally want to thank him. Um, when the Mary wanted to see something happen for the citizens for a Christmas event. Um, we first reached out to, uh, to Pastor Joe and to, and to, uh, Bontong, Stephen O'Brien. And, uh, they just take it and run with it. So it'll be a great event coming up, you know, this Saturday. Thank you, Tim. I appreciate it. I'm looking forward to having the, uh, the Mambo back. So I know y'all are working, uh, aggressively on a lot of things. So I appreciate you both. Pastor, Pastor Cormier, welcome, sir. Hey, thank you so much. And thank you, Tim, for, uh, for just giving us the opportunity to, to host this event. And thank you, mayor and city council. This is, it's just such a great honor to, to, to celebrate Christmas and, uh, and to do it in such a way that we can involve the entire community. You know, we all have our family traditions. I know I have mine. I'm sure that all of you have yours. Um, but some of my favorite traditions growing up was going to different fairs and different things in the city. And, uh, I feel like Youngsville being such a family community, uh, what better place than to have a family Christmas event. And, uh, the sports complex amphitheater has, is just a perfect place for it. So when I got the phone call from Tim and his team to put together some ideas for this, it was, my, my heart was just overflowing. So I kind of talked to our team and we put together some ideas for this event. So, um, it's going to be, it's going to be a lot of fun. I'll, I'll start with probably one of my most exciting elements of this is we're going to have live camel there. Uh, so I talked to the mayor. I don't know if this is true or not. You can feel free to fact check me, but this may be the first time a camel has ever been to Youngsville. So I don't know where, but, uh, it's a great place for the kids. We'll, we'll also have a, uh, a petting zoo. So, you know, the kids can go through, have a petting zoo. There's going to be a Christmas, um, uh, Christmas market, different vendors. I think we have some 20 or 30 different vendors that are coming to be part of that, uh, along with, with food trucks. And of course, concessions provided by, by Bontan. And thank you, Steven, for just all for your support in this. It's been tremendous. You know, uh, it's, it, it, the, the feel of this event is if, if any of you've ever been to Disney World, that's kind of what we're trying to recreate, but a Christmas Disney World. So there'll be live Christmas characters walking around, interacting with people. You know, we'll have Mary and Joseph and, and, uh, we'll of course have Santa and we'll have some wise men and there'll be some Roman soldiers walking around, walking around hassling people for tax money. You know, if you know the Christmas story, that was kind of part of it. Um, but, uh, I'll let you know how that goes, mayor. I don't know. It may be a good strategy for next year. I don't know, but, uh, it's, it's going to be a lot of fun and I'm hoping that it can create some, some great family memory memories for the citizens of, of Youngsville. And, uh, and it's, so you can, if you drive past the, uh, amphitheater tonight, you'll see all the lights lit. Lit, lit up, you know, it's current. We're trying to turn it into a magical winter wonderland. Um, so it's going to be great. And finally, we actually have the, the living Bethlehem Christmas production. We used to do this for years out at sugar mill pond. Uh, it's a live nativity. Uh, it's great. We're bringing that back. It's going to be right there front and center on the slim co platform. It's going to be great along with, um, a jazz band. We've got a holiday trio kind of quartet trio kind of thing. Singers. We've got a movie mashup, a pie eating. No, not a pie eating contest. Maybe we can turn it into that, but definitely a pie, uh, baking competition. I think we've got 30 different pies in there. So there's a lot of things going on. It's, uh, this Saturday, uh, December 14th at the amphitheater powered by slim co and, um, from 4 PM to 9 PM. So I hope to see everybody there. It's going to be a great time. And thank you again for the opportunity and for the support. I mean, and Josh and Tim, you guys have just been overwhelmingly supportive in all this. I mean, anything that we needed or asked, you guys have been helpful with that and the same with the mayor's office. So thank you. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. We are so proud. And you have the, the, the message to Tim and his team was to, can we do something for Christmas? I'm thinking like a movie or something. We have a little bit of that. So, but you've certainly taken it and run with it. And it reminds me of a conversation I had with Tim years ago. And I say, can you just put some sand down and make like a beach volleyball, you know, type thing. And he, he, he, he got it done, but it was a little bit different. So thank you for taking the vision and bringing it to life. So very excited about it. And the best thing about it is I have nothing to do with it. Yeah. Hey, there you go. You just appreciate it. Just enjoy it. I will, I will be there. So, so thank you very much. I appreciate your, your leadership and the friendship as well. Appreciate it. Thank you. Uh, one thing I would just want to emphasize that Tim, uh, brought up, um, said something about tennis, but our tennis pro Bill Bryan, his family, uh, was just awarded the Louisiana Tennis Association family of the year. And, uh, it's just a tremendous honor. If you, if you follow tennis, even if you don't follow tennis, Bill would be very proud and quick to tell you, um, you know, with the, the accolades that their family have achieved, um, you know, from, from Bill's parents. And anyway, I wrote a writeup of it and I got lost on who's who's kid and so forth. Cause there's four generations of just tennis greatness going on. So they too, unfortunately I couldn't make it to the award, but, uh, I was proud to be with them several times before, including when the dad was inducted to halls of fame and last year's as well. When, um, we got the LTA, uh, facility of the year and one of two facilities, uh, in the state, there's only 50 nationwide that are recognized as a USTA premier facility. So just special shout out and recognition to the Bryan family. Any announcements from the dais? Chief. Yes, sir. Thank you, mayor. Um, I just want to say thank you to Youngsville, uh, to the mayor and his team. It's been quite a year in this position. Um, I think we've done a lot. The police department has progressed a lot. Um, I think from my seat, my perspective and the citizens that have reached out, we, we've done a fantastic job to make Youngsville safer as a whole. And I'm proud of not only my accomplishments, but my teams, because I could have done it without my entire department. Um, it's very humbling to be able to serve specifically in a city where you reside, where you raise your family. Um, and again, it's been an amazing year and looking forward to the future, but thank everybody. Thank the citizens. Um, thank, thank our members of our team with the city, uh, for all the support that I've received this past year. Yeah. Well, chief on behalf of our team, you've been nothing short of professional with your interactions with our team and the interface. And, uh, you, you've, uh, you've done a great job for us and I'm proud of the work you've done. Thank you. You should, uh, you deserve to, uh, keep your head up high because you were brought in for an assignment. And, uh, from my perspective, I think that you've fulfilled that, that assignment and we certainly wish you nothing but continued, uh, success and happiness and hope you continue to stay as a resident in our community. And, uh, I know that, uh, we have so much going on. I know that you can contribute, uh, to, to it. So you're still, still going to be part of the community. So thank you very, very much sincerely for everything that you've done. And also even this week, the aiding with transition, we had a, a Mardi Gras prep meeting. And, uh, I do appreciate you, you, you being there and, um, in, in helping, uh, make sure that we have our best foot forward. So thank you. Mr. Nyland. Councilman Nyland. Yeah. Uh, I just wanted to, uh, thank, uh, Youngsville citizens, uh, for believing in me, um, and elected me to be your next, uh, city councilman. Um, it really means a lot to me. And then to just thank all of my, uh, family and friends and new friends that I made along the way. I think that was the coolest thing, um, about our community is the amount of people that, that, that just stepped up to be there. Um, and that's just why I wanted to serve this community is because it's so great and the people that were within it. So, um, I just wanted to, to thank you all and, um, I look forward to serving you. Thank you. Council member. Uh, Ms. Champagne. Thank you, mayor. Uh, first off, I want to thank, uh, Chief Louvier for the last year. We really appreciate what you have done, uh, in our city and you came through for us in, uh, in a lot of big ways. And I just want you to know that we appreciate you very much and thank you for continuing to be that big supporter of our city because I know you are. So thank you and good luck. Um, I'd like to, every month I try to just announce something for the schools because it's really nice to be able to go into our schools. We have wonderful schools here. And, uh, just this week, Youngsville Middle School named Ms. Carly Seymour. I wonder if she's any relation to Mr. Seymour that's in the audience. No? Carly Seymour is our, uh, Lafayette Parish Young, uh, middle school student of the year. So I would like to acknowledge, uh, Carly Seymour, uh, in that realm and Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. Thank you, Ms. John Pine. Um, Councilman Romero. Yeah. Uh, I'm gonna touch on that. I know Carly Seymour and she's a friend of my daughter's. Uh, they were actually competing against each other for parish student of the year. Uh, so it's good to know that with ARCA, we actually have three middle school, uh, student of the year is going to, potentially going to Southside next year. So, with the ARCA kid. Um, Chief Olivier, thank you for coming in. Uh, can't imagine the emotions and everything that you guys all went through with the campaign, but, uh, definitely appreciate you coming in, handling things how you did, uh, in probably one of the most tumultuous times that our city's seen next to the floor. So, appreciate it. Uh, I wanted to congratulate, I don't know if you're gonna, if I'm gonna steal this thunder, but, uh, leadership class five. Uh, I'm saying I think they're probably the best class and I apologize and I apologize. I think they set the bar really high with the artisan market. Um, obviously the first class, who knew where this was going. But, uh, wow, I would hate to be in class six, cause, uh, kudos to that. There was a lot of fellow Rotarians that were in that, uh, class and, uh, they really did a great job. Uh, Jamie, great job with the Santa, uh, stuff this week, uh, the sleigh rod. And, uh, Jamie's giving credit to the fire department, police department. So, yeah, I just apologize. It went on microphone. And, and, uh, again, Nick, welcome. Uh, congratulations. Uh, I didn't get to tell your wife that, but I know, uh, your, uh, family's always, uh, put through the ringer with these things. Good, bad, and the ugly. So, uh, kudos to them for, uh, being here tonight with you two is, and congrats. All right. Thank you, sir. Uh, Mr. Bolgiano. Yep. Uh, congratulations. Thanks, Nick. I excited to serve with you for the next two years. Uh, I know it was a hard fall campaign, and, uh, I know campaigning is not an easy thing to accomplish, uh, as an elected official. So, kudos to you. Uh, Jamie, I wanted to thank you for, for serving your time with us. Uh, we, we definitely enjoyed having you here, and we hope to see you in the future, uh, with wherever that leads you in city government. Uh, Chief Louvier, thank you for stepping up to the plate, uh, during a chaotic time for us as a, as a community and as a city. Um, you stepped up and fulfilled the needs that we needed. Um, and we hope that you, uh, your leadership doesn't, uh, dissipate in this community in whatever fashion you, uh, you feel that in. So, thank you for all what you've done. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. Thank you, sir. And, uh, finally, Ms. Barris. Just the same. I want to say thank you to Chief Louvier. Congratulations to Nick. Thank you to, uh, Jamie. And I want to wish everyone a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. And we'll see you all next year. Any other business before the council or any, any announcements from the audience? Mayor, if I may. Yes, sir. Ms. Barris, myself, and Ms. Richard of Vermilion Catholic High School graduates. Oh, you're right. And today we are the Division of Four state champions and we'd be remiss not to make that representation. So, thank you for the time. And undefeated. Undefeated. Undefeated. That's correct. Thank you, council. Thank you, councilor. I'll give you those to them. Okay. If it, I don't, if there's no other business before the council, I'll entertain a motion to adjourn. All right. There's a motion by Mr. Barris, or Ms. Barris, excuse me, seconded by Mr. Bolgiano. Let's see. All in favor, please say aye. Aye. All right. Meeting adjourned. Hope you have a Merry Christmas. Thank you very much. Hiya. Oh.