Miss Cree. Yes. Miss Shampon. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. Thank you. And thanks, guys. Ordnance is for final adoption. Tonight there's one. A 9.1 is ordinance 49 to 2024. In ordinance of the city council. The city of Young Zoo authorizing the mayor of the city of Young Zoo Louisiana to execute a franchise agreement with that most energy corporation. Motion. Is it for sale? No. Motion approved. Motion approved. I will buy. Volgiano, second by Romero. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Miss Gidry, please call the vote. Yes. Miss Baraz. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Miss Kree. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. golf carts and slow moving vehicles. I can tell you the highlights of it. I'll give the chief an opportunity to speak to it as well. As Council as you guys know, and as the public is probably aware, we're really probably at about the 10-year anniversary of the city's ordinance pertaining to golf carts and slow moving vehicles. And I know there's a difference, or maybe saying it wrong, slow moving and low-speed vehicles. With the proposed introduction, the proposed introductory ordinance does is removing any reference, or any regulation to the slow moving vehicle, or the low-speed vehicle, and really just referring to the state statute on that particular component. And it's narrowing the focus of our existing ordinance to be one that's really focused on golf carts. Reason why golf are the slow moving vehicles or the low-speed vehicles, just because I don't know the right one. Those are generally able to be licensed by the Department of Motor Vehicles with a license plate. There's a then number. There's a state statute dealing with regulations, components of that. And as you all know, I mean, this current ordinance put, imposes, extra-regulate regulations from the city that require a home visit to inspect the vehicle. You've recently changed that to extend that to every two years. But from my perspective, at least, we're just removing the regulation on the vehicles that are permitted by license plate, VIN numbers, et cetera, by the state. So the ordinance is set up for you tonight, really, just references that state statute. Yeah. So I put a copy of the state statute. But we've been advised statute 300,000, which completely speaks of actual low-speed vehicles, which a purchase says a regular vehicle. City gets the tax on it like any other vehicle they purchase. It's registered, inspected, and opposed to the same standards of your ordinance as far as license, driver, insurance, regulations, and everything as far as I can. So all this would do would be removed that low-speed vehicle from the ordinance currently. Allow that to be completely governed by the 300.1, which is specifically for those vehicles, but still keep the spirit of your ordinance allowing your golf courts that meet the actual regulations that you guys put in place to continuously ride it and hold to those stipulations.