But due to schedule and the time of the meetings at 4 o'clock on the Wednesday of every month, unable to make it. So after conversation with Miss Champagne, she's graciously accepted to step in during the tenure. All right. Perfect. All right. Ms. Giddrich, please call for the vote for the appointment of Miss Champagne. Mr. Stain's Berry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Leneu. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Simone, we look forward to having you. Oh, thank you. Thank you. I appreciate the opportunity to be able to serve. Absolutely. I'm going to you'll do you'll do a great service. Thank you. All right. A gin item 4.2. Wellman Warehouse LLC is requesting a variance to section 130-5. Section P, which are requirements, restrictions and responses for a self-storage facility located on Griffin Road. I guess just to enlaimance terms for the members of the public and for the council. This facility is on the screen. It's located at Young So Highway in Griffin Road. Our land use ordinance does allow there to be less stringent requirements on Griffin Road. The intention at the time was to allow more commercial development. This particular site was a old pipe yard. So less restrictive commercial development requirements. Things like facade, not necessarily needing to have hard surface parking. Things of that nature. When the owners here acquired the property, we reviewed a similar site plan like this. This has been the intention of the owners, I guess, since they took possession of the property and the business. You see they have it categorized in several different phases there. The green property along Young So Highway is still going to be within the spirit of the ordinance with facade and so forth. You have pictures in your packet of what the developer intends that to look like. That's the top right hand picture. So what they're asking for is permission to do the other phases within the same guidelines that were in place when they acquired the property. So had we not had this council not passed additional requirements for self-storage facilities, this would be in compliance with the existing land use ordinance that's on Griffin Road. So the self-storage additional requirements did not have any areas that were excluded within the city limits. I hope I'm categorizing that correctly. So I think Jacob and Alex might be here if we have any questions for them or if you'd like for them to address. You're welcome to come up if you'd like. Just a question. Yeah. We're very clear. Thanks for having us this evening. Jacob couldn't make it. I'm all a tuber of 5050 owner of Wildman Warehouse. Yes, it was our intention when we acquired the property to develop our being boat storage but behind other developments, such as the development that he just showed on the screen on Young So Highway which we'll comply with all of the and that