the young soul of municipal police civil service board representing the governing authority seat for three year term. There was advertisements from the clerk's office and for consideration this evening before the council is there's two finalist. Mr. Jacob Held. And also, Mr. Volgiano. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And thank you to the two finalist, Mr. Jacob Held and also Mr. Alfas Rangai. And it's up for the, up for council action this evening. Yes. Okay. Would you? Yeah. Sure. Yeah. If top- if Mr. Rangai, would you mind coming in? And then we'll give Mr. Hull the same opportunity maybe just to say hello. So I'm I'm going to the council. My name is a outfit's run guy. I saw this post came in and a lot of people asked me to say hey you think that's that's something that you want to do. So you know I moved to Young's Rail in 2011. I came in I was working on a show I came in from Alaska. There was a place for rent. My wife didn't tell me where it was. I woke up from a nap coming from from New Orleans Airport. I got the red I fled out of Alaska. So I woke up I saw a house in Young's Rail in the ASCII drive. I said okay we'll take it you know. Sometimes you have to go by faith and not by thinking too much. Best decision ever. Yes. So I've been I've had a lot of opportunities to move to Houston in different places but my heart isn't Young's Rail my kids were born here. So we ran through a lot of 40 in Young's Rail and it's been better since then you know. Be rare what you pray for you know in 2016 I was I was praying to remodel my home and a flood came. So you know just prepare for it may not be over yet I wanted it but it made it stronger. I'm maybe was a stronger our community is stronger. A lot of good development has happened. I've had to talk with the mayor by floods and and you know I haven't had any water since. My kids have a little stress on when it rains but other than that the water comes up and it goes down so that's a good thing you know. So but I'm here to you know I do like you support on that. A little story about why I went to the Civil Board my dad passed away in January this year and many years ago my dad planted churches and we went to Illinois to plant a church and my dad he had bought a piece of property and one of his friends uh one of former we broke the house down and the cup came and rested him even though it wasn't him and