the Sugar Beach Blast the Cajunee League indoor volleyball tournament the Pelican Cup and a 2D baseball going on all all at the same time Also this month in the months is the chamber the guns and hoses volleyball tournament on Friday March 31st And then just an update on the splash pad they have poured the concrete they're going to make another final pour tomorrow Once they do that the last step will be the you know the the the coating and the surfacing in the fixtures Fencing and protected netting So they're they're scattered this the finish at the end of April and we would be pretty much on time to open you know mid-May Or the end the May around the world that weekend when all the pools and everything open open up Awesome great great job, but I just want to highlight something that he that Tim shared In case we missed it. I don't I think this is the first time we've heard this particular update. I learned about it earlier First I think it's the first college tennis match at our complex. So UL's tennis team will be playing to UL's men's tennis team will be playing at The Raising Cain's young sports complex tennis center against South Alabama. So Sunbelt you know Sunbelt college game on a Sunday at our at our center. So very very cool to Tim bill to everybody there I always I don't know who to uh don't never know who to call on after Tim's update, but I'm a I'm a big Pam I knew I knew I look I was I was gonna call on Pam anyway and love Pam Pam raise her hands. She did I'm good. I mean they Tim does a great job. So I'm good. It's all right You know I do the boring stuff. He does the exciting stuff I'm what's you know with me and uh and Sarah and a couple of people stand between you guys and suffer. So I'll make it quick um We have we've been having some great weather. Of course that also means yes Dusty we're moving dirt. We're moving dirt quickly. So on our detention ponds on our five on Bailey Grove We've already got one dug We've probably are 75% on the second one which we're so pond five and pond four they're working their way back closer to Shaman Metery When you see him on Shaman Metery dig in that pond you know we're close to being finished with regards to Bailey Grove Kool the South also going pretty quickly And of course as you can see the stack of dirt that we have on 89 for our 89 and a fortune road roundabouts our critical path right now for those two projects is the drainage That's the biggest cost item that is that we are trying to finalize. So we've already To be able to get to our gmp so that we're