to the budget, Mr. Seville. Yeah, well, the budget. This is the budget. Which is a question. Would you like to ask? You're asking about how are you fixing our problem? How are you going to fix our problem? Which problem, Mr. Seville? You're not doing your job. Which part of the way not doing? You did not catch $38,000 worth of money. So we had to 20. I'm assuming I think the numbers that are ran, we got ran $10,000 basically as a accounting firm or somebody trying to find that special stuff for on our chief of police, our ex chief of police, correct. And from there, you all found so much money, right? Am I right in there that basically was. Go ahead. That's the first time I've heard that number. I don't know where you're getting that information. Well, which you have a better reliable source than I do. And I'm a counselor number. What's the number then? Well, it was a little over 24,000 over 24,000. How much was it in turn? And no, no, 24,000 in spent money that should not have been spent or recouped. We put immediate stop to that. So in the budget that you're asking about. That is not line item. It's not there. Yeah, I know. So that that's the stop gate right there. So we put a stop to that as far as the attorney fee and everything. It was an internal auditor who we already used. Furniture. They checked it out with our CFO with our city charger went through all the items cost you might be asking. Honestly, I have not seen that bill yet. So you know in that number. So let's just take it down to the same month. I think there are 4,000. So that's basically the past 84 months. You've been in office. You've been in office. You've been in office. And you've been in office. Basically the same time Rick has, right? You were the CFO at the same time, right? Yeah, you were you were responsible for the books at that point in time, right? Part of it. I was responsible for the day-to-day operations of the city. Did you write any checks? I signed checks. You signed checks? Yes. Okay. So we have the problem. All right. You know where the problem is. All right. And we have you guys are not doing a very good job of doing it. So yeah, let me ask a question. So is it is that your impression that that these that we're as negligent as the person that took the money on authorized? Okay. Great. Great question. Very good question. My question to you is this. Were you in the same meeting that some of the other guys were and even some own at a point in time where you'll talk about where I think Rick had basically a thousand dollar allowance. I think you mentioned that thousand dollar allowance. And it