a Katie parish. And Jimbo said, Walter, it happened just today. I was like, tell me more. He said, got a homeowner in rain, taking a home state exemption. They also own a home in North Carolina, taking a home state exemption. Folks, we can only have one primary residence, and that's the one, if there is a home state exemption, that's the one that you get the home state exemption on. So what I'm seeing there is an opportunity to recover, because that is going on. There is a software, a Katie a parishes using it, laugh at a person's about to start using it, where it talks to the other 63 parishes, and it finds people. Now how Jimbo found that one out of state? I don't know. I'm going to figure that out though. I'm going to work with him to help me know how to do that. But I want to try to stop that. Some of that is not fraudulent. Some is where mom and dad passed away. They had a freeze on their home. The kids acquired the property. They rented out for 10 years. They're just paying the taxes on it. They don't know that there was a freeze. And obviously the session does another mom and dad passed away. So I'm going to do some work to try to solve that because I want to bring some more revenue in from that direction. And then the fourth thing is consolidation of some services. I've spoken with my friend, Lewis Perret, our clerk of court. And I intend to speak to the sheriff as well, because I see an opportunity to save us as taxpayers some money. In a Katie a parish, all through those departments are on the same database. In Lafayette parish, we have four databases requiring four data base managers, all of the infrastructure infrastructure to support that. And I talked to Lewis. I said, why do we need four databases? Number one is our data number two. I don't need to see as the assessor the sheriff's information. Like if you committed a crime, got a DUI, whatever. I don't need to know that. But it's the same data. It's your name, your address, your age, the date of the date, all that information. But it's duplicated in four different systems. So I'm looking for opportunities to save us taxpayers money. So I've already talked to Lewis about that. And he's game for it. So I'm going to talk to the sheriff see if he is to. But in any case, that's kind of the direction that I'm interested in going. So I would love your support. And most importantly, I would love your vote. The election is five months and three days away. Yes, I'm keeping count. And if anybody would like to talk to me, I'm going to hang out here. But if anybody would like to talk about what an assessor does. Anything about the process