usually built for rent from the start. So that's probably why you're seeing more of this product. So it's technically a single family home from that perspective. So, I mean, that's the biggest thing about, you know, creating a zoning restriction, you know, one property can be 50 feet from another site. And it would warrant a totally different zoning because that one's more suited for commercial side or mixed use side versus another one that's tucked in surrounded by some other homes might demand a single family home. So I just think a blanket, you know, structured that bands, you know, any type of attached development would just would not be fair. And that's up. Thank you. One thing that, Miss Steve, please come on up. One thing that has been, I think that we should add to the suggestion bank is, you know, often when we're having these pre-development meetings, you know, we'll know if it's going to be a rental product or not. And the reason I know, you can go across the entire city in any neighborhood and we'd have nothing that's preventing anyone from renting their property throughout the city. If maybe a particular homeowners association may discourage it, but we don't have anything in our city that does it. But we typically know at the time that in the pre-development meeting because they'll tell us, oh, I'm going to keep it all plated as one. I'm going to keep it all plated as one and the other clue that I look for is water meter. Oh, no, we're just going to do, we'll just do one water meter and that's going to be what included in the rent. Well, if you think about it, when there's one water meter, that's one that's keeping the cost down for the developer because they're not having to do multiple tie-ins with drives the development cost up. The other thing, if they have to subdivide each parcel as if it could be for resale, that's also driving the cost up because that's another professional, they have to pay to do it. So, you know, in my thought, you know, should there be a concern about that? Again, I'm not trying to solve a problem that I don't know what it is. But if that is a concern, we have tools that we can do to at least prepare the property for individual sale. But same as we do in any other neighborhood, should they rent it? I mean, we don't have, we don't know that. So, Miss, Miss, come on. I'm Deanna Montgomery and I live on church street. And on first, I'd like to know, do we in the village get a chance to vote on this ordinance? I'll be happy to answer that. There's no ordinance. Well, that you're trying to make here that you're talking about. What we're talking about is, should there be more? Should we do more? Right. And we would only know