Pam just said that's going out to bid in three weeks. It's going to be the construction of the Lesco crossing, but it's also going to be the full depth patching of the guillot roundabout. When we're talking to the design team, they say whatever full depth patching you do in that guillot roundabout, when the permanent roundabout, or the, you know, the build out of Young'sville roundabout, comes to the intersection, we'll be able to work with that new existing base in those areas. So it's building off of it there. Similarly, I'm optimistic that hopefully we may have some dollars that are left over with that ARPA money that you just transferred to the 2024 road project. Not only paid for Velesco's construction for the full depth patching of guillot, but then also to really tackle Young'sville highway, hopefully is a milling overlay starting closer from this side to where like the areas that may be the worst, I don't want to get too ambitious, but near, like Griffin and Copperfield where we're seeing a lot of failures in that road. As you all know, the first phase of Young'sville highway is fortune north to Lujard and DeBel. So what we're optimistic that we can do is do a milling overlay of the existing two travel lanes, like from new news, moving towards fortune, and then similarly there, I didn't want to start doing that work if I didn't think we could build off of it when we widen that road. But in working with Pam's team, she said, what you're doing here is a milling overlay when we go to widen those sections near Copper Meadows, we can just build the out lanes on the outside. So I just wanted to give an update, man, that's how we're tackling it. You know, I don't like the failures that we've had at that track around about either, but we've really tried our best to, we were trying to get the end result. We have a roundabout design there. I just don't have all the funding in place, and that's because we're counting on a myriad of funding sources, just like with LaRiviaire, when we have the opportunity to get, only pay 20% of project, 20 to 25% of projects, I think it's worth, you know, really playing the grand game as best that we can, and trying to maximize our taxpayer dollars locally. So any questions for Pam about that? All right. Before Tim starts, I could say Susan wasn't able to be here, but I think the main event that I want that for everybody to know is the water plant is going to be out to bid later this month, and we've set May 1st as the bid date. I think it's May 1st where we'll be opening bids for that project. So real excited about finally getting the new water plant out to bid into the market. So Tim, anything for the council? Yes, Mayor