to know can we move forward with when can we realize the monies that were just. appropriated in the most recent house bill to. Can we go ahead and recognize it now or do we need a wait for it to go through bond commission I think we think we know the answer but out of an abundance of cost since we're talking about so much. Money we want to make sure that we're getting it right but we have alternative plans. Correct we are waiting for the bonded process. Yes so that's where we are in those projects and on the Rivier we're waiting awaiting comments from d o td they've had our plans for a little while we've given them. Updated traffic counts and so we moved forward and we have our preliminary what they call preliminary final plans we have those ready to be able to submit to them we're just waiting for them to say that they're okay with our typical section because they have the geotech and all that other stuff. So that's unless anybody has any questions I think that covered all the projects that we have. Anything for Pam. Any questions about any of the projects related to Pam scope of work related to the detention pond projects I did proof a save the date card earlier that we hope to get out as early as tomorrow for the day of our next council meetings going to be August 10th we're looking at 11 a.m. We're going to be doing a substantial completion. Yeah so substantial completion ribbon cutting for the ponds because they they should be substantially complete and functioning so you may not have the building and there might be some dress up work but the ponds will be working. So it's a huge step obviously and what we believe is a huge milestone in Louisiana's recovery from the 2016 flood event coincidentally coincides with the seven year anniversary of the of the August 2016 rain event you recall it was a council meeting the night before so seven years later seven ponds that are solely 100% paid for by the federal agencies using hazardous mitigation dollars that's of course and can. You know supplementary to the ones that we've achieved through public private partnerships so right it's definitely a huge milestone and great to see that there are already really providing benefit even though they're not fully operational or working or working good so August 10th it's a Thursday 11 a.m. So location will be to be determined we're just going to see which ones furthest along that will be setting up there so. Yeah and the mayor is aware and I think I may have mentioned it to you guys but for those in the audience of those that are watching there was 137 projects that were allocated funding through the hmgp. Program for disaster 42 77 which was August 2016 floods these are the only two projects of