know, if you if you review the, if you review the Lawerson Act, there's a section that talks about all the duties of the mayor, and also says the mayor has additional powers, duties, and responsibilities. And in that particular provision, it says to supervise and direct the administration and operation of all departments, offices, and agencies, other than a police department with elected chief of police in conformities. So the the the Lawerson Act has basically established the mayor, his responsibilities, the council, its responsibilities, and elected chief of police. So my concern in reading the resolution is the council is directing the mayor to expand public funds to do some sort of an investigation. Let's assume for the sake of argument, the investigation comes back and says we notice these procedures, these policies that need to be changed in the Youngsville Police Department, where the fact remains, if you go to the Lawerson Act, you as a council have no authority to change any of the rules, policies, and procedures in an elected chief of police department in in Rick's department, whatever those recommendations are. So my concern is we're expanding public funds for an investigation and the council is directing the mayor to take action that he's not authorized to do under the Lawerson Act. The Lawerson Act, as Simone knows, Lawerson Act was passed by the legislature. It's controlling. You can't circumvent it, you can't grant additional powers to the mayor. Everything is controlled by this Lawerson Act. And I think it's clear that the mayor has the authority to supervise and direct the public worst department, any of the departments that are under the umbrella of the City of Youngsville. But it specifically says Mr. Knox, the time's up unfortunately. Okay, well, again, my question would be prior to taking any action and voting on any action, I would strongly get a strong legal opinion from way with legal support pointing to specific provisions in the Lawerson Act, which authorize you to take this position and start this investigation, because you're going to be expanding public funds to, I don't know what kind of law firms review policies, but you're going to be expanding public funds. And prior to making that investment for law firms to look into all those things, I would make sure that you have you have the right out of the Lawerson Act. Thank you, sir. All right, James Anthony. All right, and Deborah Duga. All right, is there anyone else that's wishing to address the City Council this evening? Mr. Lantery? Thank you, George. Guys, I just want to know which who is throwing the stone, or this either you, any of you guys, who's throwing the stone? Why are we throwing the stone? What has Ricky done other than good for this community? Has he done anything good for this community? Absolutely. Sure he has. Absolutely for everybody. And yeah, we're going to spend our money to investigate the