flood risk. And there was, before pools were permitted, you had a wide plethora of slabs that are going all the way to property lines, pools that are encroaching the back 10 feet. We know from pool contractors that it seems to be pretty commonplace in other jurisdictions to allow pools into the setbacks. That was the intention of your ordinance. I'm just setting the, setting the tone for you to know. I think the, the resident here built this home to be her home forever. I think she followed the rules. She provided us, me with a copy of the plan to remind me that this lot allowed that house to be up at 20. I still don't know why the builder put it at 25. It doesn't matter. It's already there now. So, but that's that I answer your question. Yes, sir. Thank you. The apron, I'm trying to read this, the apron on that outside that back wall. Yeah. How wide is that apron? Is it apron 1.1 1 1 1 and a half feet? How wide is the apron? We're helping. Because is this actually showing the apron? Yeah. One and a half feet is the, that's the apron, or both sides all the way around on the back seat. Basically the coping. Yeah, the coping's 1.6. And what are you putting on the backside of that apron toward the fence in those five feet? It can be rough, it can be papers, it can be grass. I mean, nothing, nothing permanent. Do you have any neighbors behind you? Is there a home behind you? It's a corner lot and there are neighbors behind for the property drains onto the street. The drains towards Alphopin. Yeah. Where do the corner lot is going to drain towards Alphopin? Away from everyone. Or at least our neighbor. Okay, Mayor, thank you. The, Linda's asking about, about precedent on this. I mean, in Sugarmobon, I think is that's what is questions, but specifically, your ordinance does allow the pool to encroach more of the setback onto like, get into like two feet of that setback. So you can go into that back five feet, but only into I think two or three feet of it. I'm sorry, I'd Garrett and Kayla would know it like that. In Sugarmobon, it allows you to encroach it, but Sugarmobon is a traditional neighborhood development. So it's governed by a whole set of ordinances and setbacks, then we have in our other subdivisions, am I right? Am I correct? Sure. We can, we do not allow anyone after that, if it comes within two feet, they cannot put any type of anything to the property line at all because the lots are so close, so tight. This is not as tight. However, but Sugarmobon is not a good example of that because it is a traditional neighborhood and it's governed by a whole different set of ordinances and setbacks. So, you know, my