Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr Ross. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I white red chief Cody. Budget wise it looks like we're still having issues of getting our officers some more money and I would like to know what we're going to do to try to help our officers get more money and more life insurance. Trying to get that figured out as I understand there's possibly some type of unity between the mayors and some chief of police that there might be a way to keep our officers down. Is that an accurate statement because that's what I'm getting back from the field for the people that I talked to that you guys have an unwritten rule of where to start people how to and how they work through the system. Is that something that I'm right about wrong about? Have you all talked with other mayors or chief of police about the amount of money that we're paying our officers try to keep everybody on even kill. I'm not aware of what you're talking about recently I will say that a couple years ago there was a plan that was put together by all the chiefs to increase starting pay and there was paid plans that were put together at that time and the council at that time did adopt one in accordance with exactly what was presented from the chief of police then but any type of recent discussion I'm not familiar with it. Okay anything from you by chance? No I'm not familiar with anything remotely on that page and I am I'll tell you I am still looking at pay and looking at those pay scales and making sure they're where we need to be and see what we can do with that. So I am looking at it. If I made to your first question this is our current budget for the fiscal year that we're currently and our projection was a 4% increase we're currently trending about 1% or just shy of 1% up so we're not we're we're not trending to our full projection at this time it's not unusual I mean it's a project a budget is a projection but I mean part of part of our opportunity now is to look at expenses to make sure that we deliver profit and loss statement at the end of the fiscal year that's within the acceptable margin. Are we going to be putting any more projects where we'll be pulling monies out of the