today. Mr. Linu. Okay, good. Just wanted to make sure. So yeah, I live in Cyprus gardens. I definitely noticed today was a first day of school. You know, my kids, you know, live in lab. We live in Young's World of Bay Gold School in Lafayette. So traffic's always an issue for us. It wasn't it wasn't new for the wife or I. But I definitely got messages from neighbors and you know, constituents and stuff. And we hear you, we know. But I think Arca gets, you know, should be able to work it out in the next few days, maybe week or so. And if it continues, I'm sure I'll hear about it. But yeah, we know we're we're watching. And I'm especially. What's the word I'm looking for? Empathetic to the teachers who have to stand out there and work car lines for hours. Is hot. I can only imagine if we do get that rain Terry, how humid it would be on top of it. But just please work. Be patient. Do the best you can. I saw quite a few cars trying to turn around doing three point turns in the middle of roads. But I don't necessarily advise that. Just, you know, it's growing pains, right? The city's growing, the school's growing. It's going to hurt for a little bit. All right. Thank you, sir. Miss Boljana. Got nothing. All right. Thank you, sir. Mr. Romero. Yeah. Two things. Southside is doing their annual auction at the Young's of Source Complex, Rec Center this Saturday at six. If you want to bid on things, you can go on their Facebook page or go to the auction. And last thing I also want to congratulate my long time colleague and friend for qualifying to hopefully represent us in district three on the parish council. We need some strong leadership there. And I think Mr. Stan's very fill is all the hits all the notes on that as far as what we need for the next four years. So best of luck to you. Thank you, man. Thank you. Mr. Stan's very. Come on. Yeah, I got you. Okay. This is a new system. We're still getting used to it. Thank you. I know Mayor brought it up earlier. I did qualify this week. Today, two other people jumped in. So it's campaign time. I'm excited to get out there and speak to everyone. Of course, we have two months. It's a short cycle. So I'm going to get out there, work our tails off. And just look forward to it and hope for your support. I do want to mention one other thing. We had our rotary club meeting this morning. So much energy going on in the rotary club of Youngsville right now. I would advise you if you want to get involved in a civic organization. I just want to check us out. We have a Facebook page. Rotary Club of Youngsville.