the time, the efforts and the things that they do for us and our citizens. That being said, I have two letters of the combination that were written on two different cases that we have a couple of them couldn't be with the tonight. The first and I'm going to read or two of officers that are here on December 22, 2023. Officer Scott Closio, Clay Dirk and Isaiah Rochon were dispatched at 200 block of value road in two impossible burglary and progress. They responded quickly and tactically to the area coordinating a perimeter and attempt to keep the suspects contained during the course of the investigation officers gave chase to the suspects and after several minutes were able to take both suspects and custody. The shifts determination coordination and teamwork made them successful while it would have been easy to just take the report in the case and allow the suspects to escape these officers took pride in their department and their city to push through and pursue these suspects that plague our neighborhoods every day. That's why I kind of dedication and work ethic that make our department stand out. So I'm very proud to have these guys with us tonight. I'm having a certificate for both of you if you can come up real quick. Thank you. I have one more officer Clay Dirk couldn't be with the tonight and also officer tired or see this is first not here this evening but we'll be given to her later time. On December 6, 2023 officer tired or see was attempting to book a burglary suspect that was arrested by a previous shift during her time with the suspect she was able to build rapport and utilize her interview and interrogation techniques to obtain information that was vital to the ongoing investigation. Due to officer Dorsey's persistence and perseverance she was able to provide detectives with information that may have otherwise not been discovered and led to leads on other cases. Officer Dorsey is not only an asset to the Youngsville Police Department but to the whole city of Youngsville. Her willingness to always go above and beyond as well as her selfless service to this community encapsulates with Youngsville Police Department strives to accomplish on a daily basis. We appreciate everything that she does and we're going to keep doing this for you guys and making the city safer. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you chief appreciate the feedback and recognize in the officers. The gin item 3.2. I'm proud to have our superintendent of the life of a parish public school system here with the see here with us this evening to provide an update on matters within the school district. So if you please help me welcome Mr. Francis to Shay. I'm to my fellow person that I've known what back in my day Mr. Waiter all. First of all mayor and council. The purpose of me being here not only for representing