I would probably just start there and find out exactly what the properties recorded as with the you know the details of the lot size and then I would look at that that way. What's not per se a lot is all combined into my property. But I don't have a trailer lot. The trailer was my daughters in my yard. Yeah, well then I would I guess that I would then I would measure off the I would measure off the the setback from the back of the property line and then in the term if that's you know if it's if it's a five foot difference between being compliant for 80 foot trailer. If it was moved up and not being compliant and you could come back for a five foot variance or if it may fit if you just moved it up you may not need a variance. But I would measure off the setback was currently coded as today before you would you know to determine that what I would. I would say that I mean even but it's it's not it's not it's on more than one size. I think it's not. You don't want setback. Yeah, I'm only worried about the ones face more bonds again. Well, I mean, but if you have to come off the rear setback then it could encroach on the front with the street and everything on the setback and easement or anything like that. So that's why lindie saying if we if you get the measurements to make sure what exactly can fit there and if you do need a variance then it's a lot easier to say look. I'm going to run with the front setback and I just need two feet for the setback on the rear. That's what I come back to y'all. I mean, I know that's the every not 30. Yeah, no, no, go. Yeah, me. Just to kind of remind in the previous ones because councilman Shumpheim has asked they did come they had what their plat was what their dimensioning was and what they were asking. And so I think that's one of the things that I remember one being a hardship. I think something had burned down and when they were trying to put back. Didn't so that was one of them. But I would as you you mentioned that this is all part of one lot that there was a trailer and it was all part of your property. Well, home there and we share the driveway. Okay, so now you have separated that property for sale. The property that you lost the sale. She had the property today is listed for sale. The whole thing with her house. Okay, so what they're trying to do is if they bought the whole thing, would they be able to put another trailer on that same one. I don't think anybody's ever come to us with that kind of a wood.