 I'd like to call the meeting to order today is Monday March 20th. The time is 12 o'clock. We have a special council agenda here. I'd like to open the meeting by asking councilwoman Jean-Pine to lead us in the invocation. And also if you remain standing for the pledge, please. Thank you, Mayor. Dear Heavenly Father, as leaders of our growing city, we are gathered here today asking for your guidance and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding, and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at Thy mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. Guide us in following your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus, amen. I pledge allegiance to the Father of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, and to the liberty and justice for all. All right, thank you, Ms. Jean-Pine. And welcome again. Appreciate being available to join us for this important topic. The chief approach this last week told me that they were having some issues with their current body camera provider and asked that we consider having a special meeting to discuss solutions for that. So chief, do you want to take it from here and maybe? I've made everybody aware that cop tracks was getting out of the police business. I have gotten with Wade and we are going to follow class action lawsuit, but they have no more body cameras to replace if we have one go down and they're not servicing anything anymore. So we're in bad shape. The class action lawsuit, that was a breach of contract that you all signed with them? Yeah, okay. We're going after them for the, I mean, I just paid it out. Now they just quit and by law they have to service us for four years and they're not doing it. Two years and they're out. So we, I mean, one lawsuit, oh, eat up, well, we're going to be spending now. So that's why we drastically need them. They've been a big help for us in handling calls. So chief, I find her saying correctly, this is changing to not, this is inclusive of more than just body cameras. Yes, this is body cameras, car cameras, and, oh, cases. Okay. In Nicole, I see that we have an updated spreadsheet. Okay, so, so I guess I'm sorry, I didn't read the agenda item. Okay, and do that. This agenda item 2.1 is to consider amending the 2022 2023 Youngso Police Department budget in the amount of, I'm going to substitute this new amount 138,961, 54 to purchase body cameras, tasers, dash cameras, and further authorizing the mayor to execute an agreement with axon enterprise incorporated. It might, it must say in that correctly. I think the numbers are actually a total of these two combined, but I'll let them explain it. Okay, all right. All right. It's a tip in Ashley, my apology. Hey, Ashley, if you wouldn't mind, you can come forward. Yes, so with what you see there, there's two different quotes in front of you. One is for our in-car video system, and the other is for a combination of the axon body cameras and the taser energy weapons. That's called our officer safety plan and gives all of the backend digital evidence management software as well. That program with the body cameras, the taser energy weapons, and the digital evidence management system would start a lot quicker than the in-car video portion. So what that means is from a budget standpoint, this year, that one that I think there's like a 536 number potentially, that one would start sooner around a December timeframe would be without first payment. Everything else with the in-car system would happen a year from now after installation. We're not going to charge anything to the city until you guys actually have the gear in hand. The entire plan behind this is to create a sustainable program for you guys not just for year one, but out into the future of the Youngsville Police Department. With that in mind, also built into this plan is automatic hardware refreshes. So when you look at those numbers, it's not just one body camera per officer. It's every two and a half years getting a new body camera for that officer to make sure it maintains a full shift battery life, same with the in-car video. It's not just building in today's in-car video system, but also for the future. That way it keeps you nice and flat from a budget standpoint, and you're not going to have us coming back here and asking for a huge investment five years from now. All of that comes with automatic upgrades. So if Axon releases the Axon Body 4 camera, the Axon Body 7 camera over the next five year period, you guys would automatically get that new one at no additional cost to the city. Typically, how long is the lifespan on a body cam? So about three years is what we recommend. It might kick around or last a little bit longer than that, but you're not going to get that full shift battery life. That means that officers are having to plug it in in the middle of their shift or potentially miss out on a moment of important information without that full battery shift. So that's why we do those refreshes before you have that problem and before that video is missed, you're automatically getting a new one. Actually, as any of the spares that come with this, I can event the officers on shift and one goes down and it'll go to shift, they can go out and swap it out. Yeah, so there's, I think two spares built into this program currently that will be there. And then as well, if you have someone who's working a little bit longer of a shift, the camera itself does have a USB-C charger. So same thing you can buy at Walmart or Amazon or anything like that. You're able to just plug it in. It also has a no questions asked warranty, questions asked warranty. So let's say Rookie runs it over with a police cruiser and it doesn't work anymore. Axon's going to ship you a new one free of charge. Actually what type of lead time is there currently on the equipment? So the vehicle cameras it's a 12-month lead time. For the body cameras themselves it's about a three-month lead time in order to help with the current situation that the police department is facing Axon is going to ship out what we consider a trial program but it would be about four to five cameras to kind of bridge that gap. Well if a cop tracks camera were to go down they'd be able to have something on their bodies the next day and start using that digital evidence management system so that they can build out a program policy that matches. Okay well that sounds great that's a better scenario than what I was expecting when we had conversations last week. What other agencies you go with in this area or are you all I guess? Yeah so Crowley right up the road uses us kind of assigning a deal with us right now. We work with St. Charles, Parachairs' Office. There's quite a big footprint depending on everyone comes on a little bit different right so we have the taser energy weapons. Most agencies in Louisiana are using a version of those. The Axon body three cameras we've got quite a big footprint and then the in-car video came out about two years ago so they're starting to get installed now. I'll answer your question but when they lack your parents lack your parents' share of St. Charles's Office. I'll get police support. I'll get police support. Awesome. And hopefully we'll get that as well. Okay awesome. Also in the kitchen I know St. Martinville also. Okay and these have the capability when they're I guess from the tunnel activated the car will sync up with the body at the same time. Okay. Last thing the design of these the software controls the taser all cameras go activated. Awesome. They're the same land and the iron the same coal. It'll automatically turn his on. Mine's versatility pulls out this taser to turn my camera. So everything will be sync. We have everything that we have now. And just the touch base is also four cop tracks not only the body cameras. We also have their in-car cameras in our units now but those they're getting out the body camera and camera business all together. They're just going to focus back in on what they initially started with radar. They just go with radars. So we're not changing those out those we're fine. We have those in the units now but the in-car camera and body cameras come tracks to get under business all together. And specifically with the taser weapons that are included on this quote it does activate as soon as the taser is pulled from the holster which is a shift to what has historically happened which can help the police department to measure true de-escalation of situations just because some things pulled out doesn't necessarily mean it gets utilized. And so all of a sudden you'll have all of that data at your fingertips on how training is effective and what exactly is happening on the scene because all cameras will turn on. There's also a bracket that will go into the duty weapon as well. So if a firearm is pulled cameras will automatically activate not just the taser. Awesome. Okay. So I don't know who's in the best position to answer the question. How much are y'all asking for the budget to be amended? Do you have any thoughts? Just do the full amount for the first payment. I see one of them's not due to a February 2024 but you can just carry over for next year's budget is the 269 269 896 dollars and 90 bucks. Correct. Correct. Would these new numbers yes? What's the difference between this budget and the next budget? Like how much how much would carry over? The whole amount. The 269 on? Yeah. Okay. So the 138 plus the 94 is the 232 but what's the difference? 222 is the 232. The 138 91331. I included the 138 and the 23. Those are both 2023 plus the next year of the 107. That gives you the 169. That's cool. We're going to show fun. Yeah. What is our current budget for this year? What was our current budget for this year for this this type of equipment that's not working? Right. And I'm sorry. I probably didn't clarify myself. What did we pay last time? What was that budget item for the budget that we spent last time? Because this one's going to be 836,000 total. So do you know what the total was that we spent prior to this? Right. And then we had to purchase our own servers and then pay CBM to how much it now we won't have to do that. Okay. This is combined. It's not with contracts. Were they? So now this is everything. This is everything on the one. So you'll have everything in with one agency. I don't think you won't have as the red or which is still with them. Okay. And just wonder if we have their tasers now. We have the tasers now. So. Now y'all, do we turn those in when we switch over? How does that work? I'm currently from all of you with the TASR. Right. Because there's this compatible. Okay. Yeah. So he has discounts on there to effectively buy back those tasers to get you the newest technology. The taser 10 just got released in January. So it's the newest and latest and greatest. I just want to clarify. Correct. Yep. Exactly. For the total life. Yeah. For the total for five years. Oh, yeah. So I guess regardless if there's an immediate budgetary consideration, I mean, we're we're in tune to. Yeah. We need to permission enter to the agreement. Even though the first payment may not be due until the next fiscal year. Correct. Is that correct? Okay. I want you to enter into the agreement. All right. Thank you. So motion by Ms. Shampon. Second by Mr. Volgiano. To allow us to enter into an agreement with Axiom for the information axon enterprise for the information I was just presented. Any additional comment about that? Deb deputy chief. We got we're good there. Chief. Any other comment? No council members? All right. Ms. Giddy. Please call the vote. Ms. Rao? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Shampon? Yes. Motion approved. All right. We'll move forward and get you the signatures that you need. So we can get this get the orders placed. Any other business before the council? All right. Is there a motion to adjourn? Motion? All right. All in favor? All right. Are meeting adjourned. Thank you so much for coming again.