 All right. All right. Good evening, everyone. This meeting is called to order. Today is Thursday, April 13th. The time is 6 p.m. For our invocation, I'd like to invite Pastor Joe Cormier from First Assembly Young'sville to lead our invocation. And then if you please remain standing, this evening our pledge will be led by Council Woman's Champagne. Thank you so much, Mayor and Council. I'll just take a moment and read from Romans chapter 13. It says, let everyone be subject to the governing authorities. There's no authority except that which God has established. So Heavenly Father, we thank you for your establishment of government. We thank you that we honor you here in this great city, Lord. I pray just your blessings upon our meeting today. Lord I pray for a spirit of unity, a spirit of peace, a spirit of understanding, and most of all, Lord, a spirit of humility as we lead this city with the grace of God or with the understanding that we can't do this without you. So we thank you for that. Lord, I pray just your blessings upon our mayor, upon our city council, upon our police chief, our fire chief, and all of those who are involved in public works. Lord, bless their families. Keep them safe as they administrate their jobs. Lord, I pray that you give them the wisdom, the insight to make sound biblical, godly decisions. Lord, let everything be balanced by the word of God. Lord, let everything be balanced by the words of Jesus. Lord, when we make decisions that we make decisions for a city, not based on our personal, or in our own thoughts, but on your thoughts. So Lord, I just pray your blessings over our meeting. I ask that you be with us to hear tonight as we discuss, deliberate, and appoint. Lord, let them, let this be your work here today. And pray all these things in Jesus' precious name. Amen. Amen. In the wild, I am the United States of America. And to the republic, which stands for one nation under our end of Israel, with liberty and justice for all. All right. We'll get evening everyone and welcome again. I would like to extend a special hello to our president and CEO of the Lafayette Economic Development Authority and the director of business retention and expansion, Miss Mandy Mitchell and Mark Mooton that are here in the audience over here. Hello to both of you. I also want to give a special congratulations to the newest commissioner, our director. I'm not sure what they're designated as of the Lafayette Economic Development Authority. The area mayors joined together and have appointed Miss Pam Grange to fill the vacancy on that board seat. So, Pam, congratulations and Mandy and Mark are happy to see you today. And then also, I just want to acknowledge that our mayor president has his representative here, Mr. Doyle-Bouge, and the audience with this tonight as well. And council, if, unless there's any objection, I would ask your permission. I would like to take agenda item 4.1, the recognition and proclamation before the special business. There's no, all right, there's no objection. Okay, so 4.1, which is proclamation recognizing May as water safety month in the city of Youngsville and recognizing the work of Maisie's mission. A couple of weeks a month ago, I had the privilege of meeting a young family, the Bruce Arts, my office with our mayor, Pro Tem, and also our sports parks and directors, Tim Robachow and got to learn a little bit about the Bruce Art family. It's also, we're also, a couple weeks away from water safety month, water pools are opening across our community. We're going to be opening our splash pads soon and doing a few other things there. So we were really inspired when we met the Bruce Art family. They have a very moving story of personal, personal heartache and within their family related to water. So on behalf of the city council and myself, I'd like to issue a proclamation and help raise awareness for water safety and then tell you a little bit about an initiative that we're starting across public bodies of water across the different as we're expanding, our parks and rack as we're expanding, our different detention ponds and things like that. So I'll read the proclamation for you. It's recognizing May as water safety month in the city of Youngsville and recognizing the work of Maisie's mission. Whereas the citizens of Youngsville recognize that swimming and water activities are related to good physical and mental health. And enhance the quality of life for all people. And whereas the citizens of Youngsville understand that education and water safety plays a role in preventing drownings and recreational water related injuries. And whereas many contributions have been made by the recreational water industry in developing safe swimming facilities, programs, home pools and spas and related activities providing healthy places to recreate, learn, grow, build self-esteem, confidence and a sense of self-worth. And whereas the city of Youngsville understands the importance of communicating water safety rules and programs to families and individuals of all ages, whether owners of private pools or users of public swimming facilities. And whereas the citizens of Youngsville recognize ongoing efforts and commitments to educate the public on pool and spa safety issues and initiatives from organizations like Maisie's mission. Whereas Maisie's mission was established in 2020 after Maisie Lee Broussard, daughter of Heather and Adam Broussard, who tragically drowned in their residential pool. And whereas Maisie's parents have made it their mission to bring awareness, educate and promote water safety so that no family has to experience the loss of a child due to a drowning. Whereas Maisie's mission shares drowning prevention tips such as constant supervision, being a water watcher, fences around pools, removing temptations from kids, adding alarms and locks to your pool, learning survival, swimming, wearing Coast Guard approved life vests, and also learning CPR. Now, therefore, I, Ken Ritter-Mayor for the City of Youngsville, do you hear about issues this proclamation to recognize Maisie as water safety month in the City of Youngsville and witness where I've caught. I have here and to set my hand and cause the seal of the City of Youngsville to be a fixed this 13th day of April 2023. Miss Broussard, if you'd like to maybe come up to the podium, you can talk to the Educate the Council perhaps a little bit more about Maisie's mission. And then we have one other surprise or initiative rather for you. So Miss Broussard. Yes, thank you so much, Mayor and Council, just for this opportunity to be here tonight. With our parents and this is our oldest son, Watson, who was born in Youngsville and we're not from here. So I have to say, you know, I'm from North Louisiana, he's from New Orleans initially. And when we moved here for his job, we chose Youngsville to reside and that was back in 2011, the year that our son was born. And just I have to say this community was the perfect place to start our family. And we are just so proud of the community of the growth that we've seen since we have lived here. It has just been such a joy and a privilege and just to see how the leadership has taken on this city and just the growth and just welcoming residents like ours with open arms has just been so wonderful. We were living at a home in Youngsville at the time of our tragedy in 2020. And sorry, it's very surreal to be here tonight. One of the first things we realized, you know, was that there does need to be significant education and awareness surrounding water safety. So many things we didn't know as residents. But hearing from other families with small children, there's just so much work that needs to be done, not just here in this community, but throughout our state. One thing we learned immediately too was that in 2020, that was one of the years that Louisiana had a significant increase in the number of drownings, about 60% as far as children who drowned from 17 to 2020. Louisiana was in the top four nationwide as far as the number of drownings in small children one to four. And that's obviously not something that we're proud of. But an area that we do need to just take steps as far as education and awareness to do whatever is possible to change that. We're surrounded by water, of course, in Louisiana. A lot of people installed pools in those years with COVID people being home. We've talked to pool companies and there was an influx of installation. But there's so much more than that. Of course, we're surrounded by by use and lakes and coolies. Of course, a lot of retention ponds. And drownings can happen in just one inch of water. If it's enough to cover the nose of a child, even an adult, we have to do something. I mean, like everything that was mentioned in the proclamation, those are considered to be layers of protection that need to be enforced. But again, it starts with education. It starts with awareness and having conversations with community members, especially if there's a lot of walking traffic or families that visit areas that have ponds like at parks. And we're trying to do initiatives in our local area all across the region that this was our first start. We frequent the sports complex a lot. In fact, that's where another son of ours is tonight, he's at a baseball practice. And really, one of the first places that we had in mind that maybe something could be done was the complex. Because you have the fishing ponds there. There is a lot of traffic, which is a wonderful thing. And seeing how many people have come over the years and all the visiting families that come for tournaments and baseball soccer that's going on right now. But we thought, you know, all of the people that come up at a bridge, you have the walking trail, you have the soccer fields that are right there. I mean, how easily it can be for a child to wonder because it happens and it happens very quickly. All it takes is parents to be distracted watching a game. And then I might have a younger sibling that finds the water. And the last thing we want is to hear if something else happening, especially in our community. You hear of instances where it happens with a number of people around. They could be at a birthday party. And you have a lot of family members around the pool. But no one is actually dedicated to actually watch the swimmers in the water. So that's why it's so important to educate the community to really just enforce and encourage them to watch your children at all times. Not being distracted by a telephone or even watching other children. But to have a supervised adult or caregiver, you know, to be watching all small children at all times. But we were super excited and so very grateful that Mayor and you two met. We're quick to welcome us at that meeting not that long ago. To hear our story. To receive the support and to understand and agree that this is needed. And we want to do whatever is possible to create awareness. And we're excited about the signs that are now at the complex. So Heather, your strength is an inspiration for me. And for so many of us, for you to come and speak to us this evening and while I facilitated a meeting, I owe credit to our director, Tim, because sometimes I usually speak to him a couple of times a week. We discussed it in the staff meeting. I asked him to give some thought to it. I think it was the next week. It felt like the next week I asked him for an update and he told me it was done. And so these signs are now there's been to already installed. There's going to be four around the fishing pond at at the Youngsville Sports Complex, which is around the pedestrian bridge that crosses over from the soccer fields to the parking area. And as a city, we're committed to installing these signs as we are now in the process of converting our veterans park from a Anselam drainage detention area. We'll have this installed there as we open our dog park later this year, another drainage project that's going to be by water. And then likewise, as our regional detention ponds come online as well, the other thing that we're committed to do is with our splash pad, we're going to be having an opening event this summer where we'll make this a focal point. And then the other component that we've committed to is engaging in reaching out to our homeowners associations and seeing if they can do something, you know, within, you know, smaller within their footprint. I mean, we, you know, are like the sports complex blue, but still able to incorporate your colors here as well. So the message to our community is when you are out at the sports complex crossing that pedestrian bridge, when you're on that walking trail, take a moment and have a teachable second with your child, scan the UR QR code rather, and learn a little bit about the mission. And let's work together to ensure that another family doesn't have to go through this again. And I know, I mean, Councilman Volgiano is a first responder and he has been on these type of calls and it can move an entire community. But we thank you for the opportunity to share your story and enable us the opportunity to hopefully put forth some steps that can be preventive in the future. So I'd like to present you with maybe take a picture with the sign up. We met at the sports complex yesterday. We were so excited because the signs got installed. We wanted to make sure that they were exactly with Heather and Adam and their families, you know, that they were in the right spots. They helped design the signs with Tim and his team. So thank you to all of you. So if you'd like to approach, we can take a picture with the proclamation and we'll continue to push your messaging out. There are social media channels and throughout the summer to continue to raise awareness as the heat rises and we're opening up. It was all across our city. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. routing. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for your strength and for being here today to share your story. All right. We'll go back to the previous agenda item which is 3.1. I'll point to Councilmember Division A to fill the unexpired term of Kayla Minardreo who resign her position effective April 3rd 2023. I would entertain a motion and a second for discussion and then it's up to the council to take it from there if you'd like. I'd like to make a motion to table this until future meeting possibly next week. There's a motion and a second to table that is not debatable so Ms. Schedrup just call the vote. Ms. Volgiano? No. Ms. Schedrup. All right. The agenda item 5.1 approval of March 9th 2023 minutes. So move. All right. That motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Mr. Stansbury. Any comments or questions? All right. Ms. Gidry please call the vote. 5.2 approval of the March 20th 2023 special minutes. Special meeting minutes. Make a motion to approve. All right. Thank you, Mr. Stansbury. And I'll second. Second by Ms. Shampine. Any comments or questions? Ms. Gidry please call for the vote. Mr. Stansbury? Yes. Ms. Shampine? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Motion to approve. 5.3 approval of the special meeting minutes March 30th 2023. All right. Thank you, Ms. Shampine. Second. Second by Mr. Romero. Any comments or questions? Ms. Gidry please call the vote. Ms. Shampine? Yes. Ms. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansbury? Yes. Motion to approve. All right. Finance report 6.1 approval of the February 2023 finance report. I move to approve. All right. Thank you. Councilman Stansbury. Second. Second by Councilman Romero. Any comments or questions? I think Mr. Burley and Ms. Catherine have given you the sales tax report. We now have what is that nine months of the fiscal year consumed up a year of a year of a year of the one cent sales tax 6.68 percent. For the public's benefit we did budget a 6 percent year over year growth. So our budget to actual variances now within 1 percent. So three months left to go. Unfortunately not doing as well as I would like to be nine months in but we are still ahead of our projection with our budget. So who had a motion in second the schedule is called the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansbury? Yes. Ms. Shampine? Yes. Motion to approve. Great. Other business 7.1. Ms. Nancy Maurey is here to request the variance to waive the required minimum depth of 200 feet for commercial development in order to allow for residential development. In the 3900 block of Varro school road. Ms. Maurey here in the Mr. Edwards. How are you, sir? Just fine. Mayor members of the council. Thank you for your time. My name is Glenn Edwards. I represent Nancy Maurey. She is unfortunately quarantined this evening due to family illness. So she contacted me and asked me to appear on her behalf. Very briefly. This involves request involves. Unplated property. At the entrance to South Lake Plantations subdivision on the corner of. My glasses on Barrett school road and. Heron Boulevard. There are two unplated lots on on either side of the entrance to the neighborhood. We have received interest from a local developer in acquiring that area to build. The townhouses. Okay. At that intersection. I would just point out for the council's consideration that if you look at the area in general. Everything to the south of these two particular pieces of unplated property are already. Residentially developed up to Varro school road. The commercial development to the north. The first commercial development that fronts on Barrett for quite a distance from the south. Moving to the north. So really to have townhouses here would be consistent use with everything to the south of these two lots. And along Barrett school road is residential. So actually that probably would not present a poor transition to the commercial development immediately to the north. So that is the request. If you have any particular questions about the proposed development. The developer is here are the possible developer. We don't have a. I don't have a purchase agreement. I don't have a purchase agreement yet or anything like that. But we just wanted to make this request before we. You know, import further in the process. So that's where we are. I thank you for your time. If you have any questions. I have Miss Marry's daughter here and the developer. Hopefully I can get your questions answered. Thank you Miss Edwards and sustainable. Yeah. I just have a question about are y'all aware of the ordinance that governs the town homes. Yes, yes, yes. Or the developer. Yeah. from my perspective just as the lawyer, you know, any development, if we was approved for townhome development, it would certainly have to be in accordance with the townhome ordinance, it would have to be permitted, platted, all that kind of stuff. We're not asking at this point for, you know, any of that to be waived. Obviously if the developer is looking for any sort of variances or waivers in that regard, that would be something that would come later. So, Clint, you had anything you wanted to chime in on it? Yeah, I just wanted to note, Mayor, that the packet that council had received, these are the day-thread townhomes down the street here on my various streets, based off of the ordinance that we passed after these were built, these would not be allowed because they would have enclosed garage. And we also have a block link, maximum units. So just again, I want to make sure the developer is aware that that one ten dash four part two, the multi-family logacity, he will be applicable to all of those ordinances, if it were to be passed. And again, we're not seeking an approval of a specific project. Mr. Paret is here, that's just an example of what he's done in the past. Obviously, you know, he would have to, you know, design a project and request a permit. You're just asking for the waiver of the commercial required for the way to get back off him regardless of who the prospective buyer, who the buyer is. Yes, that's correct. Do we have any conversations with the home association in the neighborhood as well as all the residents on the street of South Lake Circle? I personally have not. No, if it's Nancy Kess. Yeah, that, I mean, that would be one of my concerns to make sure before a variance has passed, is that a conversation has had at least with, I think there's an HOA in that neighborhood of not mistaken. Yeah. I mean, I don't know if anybody from the HOA with South Lake subdivision is here. I mean, I don't have a, you know, obviously, that's not a problem, but, you know, at least from my perspective, if you're residential on South Lake to be fronted by residential as opposed to commercial might be preferable anyway. But that's a, sure, you know, it's really, I mean, there's a practical matter. It's kind of a down, down zoning rather than an up zoning decision. Thank you. And I think, Clint, the reason we need the variances because we have the 200-foot buffer that we, and this property, I did pay us in front of it, so I'm familiar with it. It doesn't look like it has much more than 200 feet total. It's 100 based on rough calculations looking at the old South Lake plantation. The larger track, I think, is like on Harron Boulevard is like 170 feet. So it's, it's, it's right there. We don't even have the 200 feet that commercial would need to be able to develop. That's okay. So the back, the north, is it the north, the north line is, yeah, a little over 200, but the, the South line is a little less than 200. So, and the property has been for sale, I think, for, oh, it's been vacant for a very long time. I would prefer seeing residential there instead of the possibility of commercial at some point in time. I think it would, it would lend well to the residents around South Lake. I would think they would prefer, in my opinion, I'm not sure. I can't speak for them, but I would think they would prefer seeing townhomes there instead of a commercial because you never know what you're going to get when you get commercial. So, in saying that, I'm in favor of the variance. So I don't want to stop anyone else from speaking there like a, make a motion to approve when the time comes. All right. Thank you, Mr. Shampon. Mr. Standsbury, do you have a, wow, second motion? Okay. We have a motion and a second to approve the 200 foot variance or 200 foot requirement for it to be commercial. The commercial, the ordinance is specific to 200 feet on any major arterial has to have commercial frontage. So this will be wave in that requirement. It does allow more flexibility to Ms. Maure for her ability to market and sell the property. It would still be subject to any land use regulations that would govern there and any regulations that would be specific to townhomes if that is the desire of a prospective buyer. Absolutely. We are not proposing a specific project and do not have any specific requests for variances or waivers just the waiver of the 200 foot commercial reservation. Are there any other council comments on this? Any public comment prior to the council's vote to consider approving the variance of the 200 foot commercial, commercial requirement at this address? Any public comment? All right. If there's no public comment, council is good. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote to approve the variance. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stainesberry? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Motion approved. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you, ma'am. All right. 7.2. Ms. Claire Morley is requesting a variance to waive the required green belt from 15 feet to 5 feet and to reduce the required driveway from 36 feet to 25 feet for our commercial business located at 25, 13, Bonan Road. Ms. Morley? Thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate it. So I don't own the property, but before I negotiate any further, I wanted to make sure that it was something I would be able to build on. As all the ordinances currently stand, it would only be able to be 14 feet deep to build on. So basically only a trailer could be there, which is what was there before. But I would like to put a small 800 square foot photo studio on it with that I would need room for the parking lot. They would go with it. And then on the far side, I envision like a courtyard area. So it would still be like a green space, even though it wouldn't be, you know, just a solid green space. Yeah. Council for your benefit, this piece of property may look a little familiar, too. You've considered a variance on this parcel before for the current owner. When they went through our planning review with in Clinton's office, they were told that the variance that was provided previously on this parcel, it was going to be a snowball stand named FreeZones, your recall, that that variance was specific to the use that was being that applied at that time. So this was initially part of our guess it may still be technically applied at this part of a million circle. There was a trailer there that was part of a million circle. You recall that you had previously worked with the current landowner to allow there to be some flexibility in the use because of the drive through that was positioned there. So I'm clen anything that you want to add to this? Yes. So prior the original FreeZones, their layout had two 18-foot driveways. It was a one-way, it was like a horseshoe with the snowball stand in the middle of it. So then came to us for a variance in the green belt. So she was wanting the same thing. So I had her come tonight for the same bearing. Was this the same footage variance that we gave on that? I know that's about two years ago. It was a while out. I didn't look it up to see exactly what it was reduced to. I'm not certain for the green belt. How would the thing get? It was five feet in the back. Is there going to be a sidewalk requirement now? The new development? They will be required to put a six-foot sidewalk. Is that built into your plans? Well, and so the six-foot sidewalk goes inside the city, the city's right away, so it doesn't take a part of that property. Yes, and so is it going to put side-back a figure there? There was plenty of room in there. Can you tell me a little bit more about your business and what kind of traffic or is appointment only? You just kind of tell me a little bit. It would be appointment only. It would be a small photo studio that I would really mainly do headshots and newborns would be my main thing. It would usually typically just be myself, mom, and baby there. I would need much parking space. Are you looking to do new construction or bring a building in? New construction. What about my sister-in-law? She's with PPM here in Young'sville. Hi. Miss Shumphine. Good to have KSC as a sister-in-law. I agree. Could be a beautiful building. Clint, were there any stipulations in the first right turn out in right turn out because it around about or you don't think there'll be a problem? I don't remember. Recall. I think there was. I remember that was one of the concerns I had in PAM at its home was addressing it with me because I was worried about the drive being so close to that round about with the miles per hour and everything coming out of it. The way they have the parking lot done, it's the handicap spot for this from the street so that it would allow a little space and on the far and closest to the fence for people to be able to back in and back out. There should be any buts in the road. Is the way there? I guess in my opinion the snow wall saying was going to have a lot more traffic that this seems pretty minimal. Right. Miss Shumphine. Mayor, they're appropriate time. I'd make a motion to move in favor of the variance but with the same stipulation that the council did for the first time. That is for this business only. Yes, ma'am. If it needs to be so at any time, they should be able to. Next one has to come before us. We have a motion to approve the request by councilman Shumphine and council member Volgiana's second. Any other council discussion? Okay. Any. Yes, sir. I would just say I think this is appropriate. You know, because this space is really limited. Yeah. But when you said what business it was like okay if it's not that, I don't know what else would fit there. Right. Plus with our traffic concerns. Right. Yeah. I like it. Yeah. Right. Any public comment related before the council's vote to approve the variance that's proposed at 2513 Bonan? Okay. If there's no public comment, Ms. Goodre, please call the vote in favor of the variance. Mr. Sandsbury. Yes. Miss Shumphine. Yes. Mr. Volgiana. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion for you. Thank you, Ms. Morley. We look hopefully it all goes well with you at the property and I appreciate it. We'll see you back in Clinton's office soon. Okay. I hope so. All right. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. All right. Jim Adam 7.3 is to consider amending the 2022 2023 budget in the amount of 500,000 for property acquisition and construction of Alaska crossing extension. Council, this is a this is a stubout that exists currently in Sugar Ridge neighborhood. Sugar Ridge neighborhoods roughly I think 430 to 450 homes, which I believe is about four phases. There's two entries on two entries on two guillot road. What we're proposing, this is as you may recall, was also part of our transportation plan that you adopted last year is to build a road from that stubout north to Shimmy Metery. We have had conversations with there's two property owners involved. The northern property owner has agreed to donate the parcel. We've requested a 70-foot right away. The southern property owner. We have that property appraised and the it's 0.68 acres of that we would be requiring to have a 70-foot right away here. Our goal dependent upon your vote this evening would be to move to acquire the property as quickly as we can. Not only for the northern extension from this neighborhood, but also to make a drainage improvement. As you'll know, we've been spending a considerable amount of time on the lower right of where Clint's screen was working on what we've coined the lily pond to capture a lot of the offsite run off before it infiltrates phase two and four here. We have two real issues in this particular neighborhood that are not being corrected by lily pond one is having traffic, have another route for traffic to exit onto Shimmy Metery. Then secondly, I'll touch on a drainage issue in a minute, but the 70-foot right away would allow us to build a road north to Shimmy Metery. It would also give us, I believe, opportunity to have another corner on Shimmy Metery. Hopefully that could open a sub-economic development opportunities as we have a corner on Shimmy Metery that leads directly into a large neighborhood in our city. Our goal would be to construct this road before we redo the tractor, go fresh, guillage, Shimmy Metery roundabout so that way at least that one neighborhood would have a clear exit to avoid all the construction zones. The second is there's a drainage issue that kind of rears its head occasionally when there's a particularly right now when the the cane fields is, I guess, chopped might be the right word. The rows aren't prominent so the water is not being channeled within the rows and it really just sheep blows directly into that stub out and infiltrates the street collection system. So, Artisare would be to acquire the property, work to create a ditch to channel some of that water to the roadside along Shimmy Metery. And then I believe this would be an ideal opportunity to propose a change order to the current 2022 road project that we have existing and get the contractor that's working now on the Almanaster Marto series to work with McBade to get this road constructed before Nilshafer's plans are ready to construct that the roundabout. So, I'll have to answer any questions about it. What we're asking you to do tonight is approve the budget which would take us through the land acquisition, the land acquisition of I think total cost is about 25,000 and then the remaining cost is for road construction. I'll make a motion to approve a minute budget for 500,000 for the Velasco crossing extension. Thank you, Councilman Romero. Second, second, Councilman Stan's Barry, any council discussions? I did. I was curious because I knew we needed to kind of talk about it. I think this is great. I'm glad you're working on it. I know Lundy, Yolts neighborhood, desperately needs more exits. What's the footage, the length of, is there going to be a stop sign where the new road starts or right there where the current road stop out is? Here that wouldn't be a stop sign. Connecting. So, what's that length of that road? Because I guess, it wasn't supposed to be a stop sign where the data in stops to where Velasco stands. 1100 feet. Okay, so it's 950. Okay, that's my curious because obviously you're going to have a lot of cars using that straight shot. Pam, Pam, I accept two questions. I'd like to see us looking to get a car system and to curb and gutter this extension for this road. I'm sure it's probably a little bit additional cost, but I think with the foot traffic right now, there's more than two, three dozen kids that walk for sugar rich to go for a gas station on countless times. So eventually, when those are the lots of sold for whether the commercial, whatever they're going to be, I'm sure they're going to connect. And the other question I just thought of is, are we going to consider possibly looking at doing a turning lane from shim in onto this road? At some point in the future, whatever that may be, just because the traffic is going to exit that super roundabout and then immediately have to come to a halt to turn right on the Velasco. Yeah, yeah, a right hand turning right in. Yes, I'm sorry. Unless you think that a left hand turn off a shim is going to require there, but you could also just make the roundabout and then make another turn. Yeah. I think that's a good question. Correct. Because of the roundabout. Yeah. We do have an open wall that roundabout is under designed for reconstruction. What we're title in that project is shim in materie widening. I mean, a bulk of it is going to be widened in that roundabout intersection with two circulating lanes. Money permitting. I mean, our goal was to do perhaps look at a turning lane into Mayor Lucas Denyze at south side, but we can also look at doing one here with a short queue, a drop lane. I mean, it would take a partly part of the bike lane. If I could, what I would recommend is that the council moves forward with this allows the opportunity to move forward the land acquisition and we can look at those differences of cost and come back because even if we've even if I mean in a perfect world, even if this project starts, we still have opportunity to look at the drainage in the next move. All right. Any other comments from the council? Any public comments related to amending the budget to include this project? All right. If there's no public comment, Ms. Giger, please call the vote. Ms. Chombai? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansberry? Yes. All right. Thank you, council. I'm just waiting on a final plat. And then as soon as we have that, I think Wade's ready for the act of donation on one in the land acquisition from the second property owner, we'll move forward. 7.4 is to consider amending the 2022-2023 Youngsville Police Department budget and in their amount up to $40,000 for the purchase of a vehicle equipment within state contract Deputy Chief Thompson. Good. Nice to see you. Hi, y'all doing this evening. I'm coming before you to ask to amend the budget simply because one of our detectives, you know, it's one of the unmarked units. It has served us purpose. We purchased this vehicle used and right now it has a total of 174,170 miles on it. Right now, at least once a month, we're sending it to the shop to be repaired. So right now it's costing us more money to try to keep this vehicle running than the cost of purchasing a new vehicle. So that's why I'm here before you today. So I'll have any questions. I'll be willing to answer. What are you looking at purchasing, gay? What kind of vehicle? I'm in Christlet 300. Okay. That was the cheapest one that we could find because I did my research. I wanted to keep it as low as possible. The actual cost of the vehicle is 34,489,44 cents and then to equip it with the emergency equipment will not be 5,199,95 cents. You quite a minute. I'm just jumping on. Deputy Chief, do you have any extra vehicles right now? Do you have any vehicles that are just sitting or don't say just sitting, but extra vehicles that they could use right now? Again, this is an unmarked police vehicle. If you go out into the parking lot and you look at the little blue shaft and pallet that's on the lot, that's our backup unit right now for detectives. And that one is in the worst and the one that we're talking about now. And I have a concern about appropriating money for a vehicle right now when we're getting ready to get in the budget process. So I guess my question would be to Ben, when are you going to start meeting with the departments on the new budget? Because we'll be voting on that in June? It'll be early made before we actually get to that point. Okay. What early made you? Right. And another reason why I'm actually asking for it now, prior to that, is because if we wait as the mayor of probably going to test, it took us a year and a month to get the last unmarked vehicle in, which was a pickup truck. So if we don't do it now and not trying to put any pressure on you, we're going to be in that same position and again we're going to start costing us more money is again to keep this vehicle operation. I'll make a motion to amend the motion. I'm on a 40,000. And motion by Councilman Boljano is there a second on the motion? All right. Motion fails for a lack of a second. Well, I did have a question. I just need some clarification. Just says it. Is it done? Well, I mean, I'm fine with it. Deputy chief, what's the cost right now? You said every month you're incurring costs. Yes, we're spending between 800 to $1200 a month to keep the vehicle running. What are the maintenance? Engine failure. Engine failure. And right now the transmission is beginning to slip. So. Are there just another another question? There's a couple of vacancies in the office now. I know this is a detective on Mark's unit, but there are a couple of vehicles in the unit. I mean, a couple of vehicles just trying to think ahead for, I mean, contingency planning. I know that's not probably ideal, but I mean, do you have or are there with your open positions that you have or I'm assuming there's a couple of Mark units that would be available? That is correct. Okay. But again, those are actually completely marked and actually the old vehicles not to use the black and white. How many unmarked vehicles do you have right now? Currently three. Three. And that's including this one that's far detectives that total or just far detectives. Just for detective three. And that's including this one. Well, four if I'm talking about the Chevy, that's on the parking lot. Is there any salvage? No, sir, we purchased that vehicle use from the state Louisiana. So. And that was supposed to be a temporary bandaid fix. And the bandaid is no longer sticking. Well, that's what I'm saying is those two vehicles could is there a market to sell those? Or is there pretty much at the end of their life? If we get 200 bucks per vehicle, we get a lot. And I'm not being sarcastic, but that's just the way it is because we didn't pay that much for those vehicles when we got. Oh, well, Mara, I will make a motion to amend the budget for the four 40,000 to purchase the vehicle. That includes the vehicle price as well as the equipment. Okay. So you're second there? Are you making the motion? Well, your motion it fails because I was asking a question. I wanted to ask a question. So I needed more information. Okay. Okay, I'll second, but I guess it doesn't look like a motion. Good way. All right, we have a motion and a second. Any council comment? Any public comment related to the acquisition or amendment of the budget? Yes, council member. Yeah, sorry. I didn't get to comment. Absolutely support having a vehicle. I think the right time is to budget for it. All of a sudden it just popped on our plate. It, you know, could have been several months ago if it was such a dire need. Not saying that your fault waiting to bring it to us at this time by any means. I will say I see probably more than any of these guys up here. First hand, what's our core dealerships? And inventory is a lot better allocated these days. I think I'd prefer to make sure we're going through the right process, budget for it because we're so close to it and go from there. There's just my comment on that. And have more data in front of you too. Is there any, is there any with budget fiscal year starting July first when we have done a considerable and reinvestment and a new fleet? Do you have an expectation of needing new fleet in the new budget year for any other vehicles at this time? Well, if we were to do that, yes, absolutely. We still have not replaced any of the SROs you've had yet. And we, like I said, we have those and I think we still have two officers assigned to a patrol division, most to operate in the older black and whites. Three. Okay, well, we'll have those discussions starting the budget because the SROs are also probably using them less on the road, but we'll cross that I guess in the during the budget process. All right, any other public comment, I should say if there's no council discussion on this. Any public comment? Okay, so we have a motion to amend the budget for $40,000 to purchase a vehicle and equipment within the parameters of the state contract. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? No. Mr. Sanbury? Yes. Miss Sean Pine? No. Motion tied. Okay, as presiding officer, there's two and two I vote affirmative for the purchase. Motion agreed. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Our eight resolutions, 8.1 resolution, 2020-309, a resolution authorized in the city attorney to obtain a law firm for an independent investigation of the Youngsville chief of police on behalf of the city of Youngsville. It's a pleasure, the council. Mayor, if possible, I had a discussion with our legal council. I'd like him to let us know how many legal firms in this discussion. We're happy to. I solicited six firms received one package, but I know there are two others that are interested and have committed to meet a sin something. I guess I was a little too ambitious at the last meeting given the Easter holiday and the in the break. So I have only received one, but I anticipate two or three more coming and would like to move the disclosure of those or the decision on those till the next regular schedule council meeting. Mayor, if nobody objects, I'd like to table the item to the May council meeting. Before I, before there's a second, I just want to share with you since, as you know, items that are tabled would not allow discussion. I'm fine if that's the direction of the council. There are a couple of people that did sign in wishing to speak on this. It's certainly up to you guys on how you wish to handle it. But before you make a second, I'd also like to, for you guys just to consider, should you desire to comment, you'll miss that opportunity as soon as there's a second to table. I'd like to hear with you. Yeah, let's consider some tap to say. Okay. Well, then I would recommend that you make a motion to have a discussion on the item, followed by a second, and we'll allow for discussion. And then that can of course still be your directive. What a similar motion is failed. I'd like to make a motion to comment on item 8.1 resolution number 2023-09. All right. Is there a second? No second. All right. I'm Mr. Romero and a second. I'm Mr. Stansberry to open for discussion. But as before, I begin with public comment. Is there any council comment prior to the public comment? I'll come back to you if you'd like. I would just say that I appreciate Wade reaching out to us and letting us know, obviously we didn't take an account in the Easter holidays. A lot of these law firms needing to absorb all the information. Wade's schedule as well. So I think it's prudent upon us to wait until we have all information and all firms as possible in front of us for any decisions considered. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. First speaker, George, Mr. Knox, were you wishing to speak on this item, sir? You're welcome to it. And what's the pleasure of that council? Are we going to do a would you like for me to enforce a time rule or I think? Sir, three minutes. All right. Miss Gidry, three minutes if possible. I got you. All right. Good evening. Mayor and council, good evening. I last appeared before you at the special meeting when the idea was being considered about whether or not the mayor and the council have the authority to order an investigation. I'm going to let the chief of police. At that time, I quoted exclusively from the Laws and Act. And the Laws and Act is where the state legislature has set forth as the powers of the mayor and the powers of the council. And I specifically read from the section that addresses the mayor's additional powers, dues and responsibilities. And it says number one, to supervise and direct the administration and operation of all departments, offices and agencies, other than a police department with an elected chief of police and conformity with the ordinances of law. Your mind interpretation of that was that it was fairly straightforward. It made an exception that the mayor has supervisors of the authority over the administration and operation of all departments, other than a police department with an elected chief of police, which is everyone is aware in the Steve Youngsville. We have an elected chief of police with our police department. Subsequent to that, I look to see if the Attorney General of Louisiana has ever issued an opinion concerning the right of a council and a mayor to order an investigation of a elected police chief and Youngsville police department. And it's my understanding that Chief Brugel has provided you with a copy of this opinion, but I brought additional copies so that everybody can take home and read it since you're not going to be making the decision tonight. You're just a long discussion. But in 2014, an elected chief of police chief dies from the UNICE Police Department sent a letter to the Attorney General Louisiana requesting an opinion as to whether or not the UNICE Fire and Police Civil Service Board and or the Board of Alderman for the City of UNICE have the authority to initiate and conduct an investigation of an elected chief of police for the City of UNICE. With respect to this opinion, at least at this point in time, with the Attorney General at that time, his staff and his attorneys at work for him were, came to the conclusion that a mayor and a Board of Alderman, which in this case we have a mayor and a City Council, are not authorized under the Laws and Act to conduct an investigation of an elected chief of police and his police department. So again, I will share this opinion with y'all. Obviously you can discuss it with your city attorney if there are other opinions. Now you have a right. If you want, you can say this is a big issue for the City of Youngsville and you as a City Council in America can say, dear Attorney General Jeff Landry, we're about to embark upon an investigation of the police department with an elected chief of police, we're a Laws and Act community. Do we have the authority and what concerns me, Moth, is that you're going to be expanding public dollars. You're going to be expanding public tax dollars. So if this ultimately ends up in litigation and you spent however much money, I don't know what firms Mr. Tronheim is spoken with. I have no idea what it costs for law firms with lawyers at $300 an hour to come and investigate a police department. I think it's going to be a substantial expenditure and I would just encourage you to if you're committed to pursuing that course of action, then a request an opinion from the Attorney General. He can give you his interpretation of the Laws and Act to take in state whether or not he believes under Louisiana law. At the time it's far. Thank you. May I respond to you? Yes sir. The opinion that your referencing George was sent to the Council on April 1st of this year. As you know, an Attorney General opinion is advisory only. It is not a binding opinion. It is not the rule of law. That opinion your referencing also has no specific backs as pointed out by the Attorney General who wrote it. So there's a distinguishing characteristics in that opinion as well as the fact that it's advisory only. For your concern, the public Fisk, Chief has retained Council. We have had two or three meetings and we're looking down the road of a declaratory action to determine whether this is a possible avenue before embarking on the road to retaining a firm. So we feel that if we go about that route and before we engage a firm, a declaratory action would probably be the best route because what you've presented today is not binding law. I feel confident we can do it. I understand the Chief's Council believes otherwise. So let's let the Court of Law decide. Let me just make one response if I could. In terms of, you know, I recognize that in a Court of Law as we were taught in law school, I realize that in a Court of Law, a district judge presiding over the case, if the Attorney General comes in and says, this is what Louisiana law says, the judge has the full discretion to make his own ruling on what the law states and what it means. In terms of my practice as a former City Attorney, if the mayor asked me a question to everyone bark on a certain course of action that I wasn't concerned about, I realized, you know, I would send a letter to the Attorney General and I realized that the Attorney General opinion is absolutely advisory in a Court of Law. But as a City Attorney, I never felt comfortable if the Attorney General of the State of Louisiana said, you should not do this. I never felt comfortable taking an adverse course of action to say, well, the Attorney General is recommending that we not do this, but I George Knox in attorney am telling you that it's just an advisory opinion and I think we should proceed. So that would be my own comment. Appreciate your perspective about the advisory nature of the Attorney General opinion. I think I think people will want to do that. George, you've had your three minutes. I'm sorry. Your three minutes expired. Okay, so you all already have a copy of this opinion. Yes sir. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Knox. Thank you. Thank you for the time. Thank you. Miss Amy Vietar, are you present tonight that you'd like to address the Council? Yes ma'am. If you'd like to come up, how are you to see me? Hello, I'm Amy Vietar and I'm terrified to have to tell you someone else. You're fine. Thank you for being here. In 2018, I moved to Youngspeale to Borscht, Ma'am. Going back to college and I met Mr. Ricky Boudreau at 12 o'clock at night because the library had kicked me out. I didn't have internet and I had to upload my test paper, which I made a hundred on. That night he told me I shouldn't be at the sports complex because I was a single mom and a single woman and he gave me a cell phone number, private cell phone number. In 2019, I went to the sports complex again because he put on a he put on a thing for the youth and he once again gave out his private cell phone number. So everyone there had his private cell phone number at that time. Anyone who doesn't have his private cell phone number obviously doesn't participate very much in Youngspeale anything. And I know that that's not a very common thing for officials who are voted in. When I would go and walk in the park in the morning, that was me and an elderly lady and I'd notice vehicles and I'm like what are all those vehicles and she's like oh that's that's chief he sends the troll to make sure we're okay because there's no lights or the lights weren't on yet. It was really dark. I do have some difference of opinions but I do not understand that Ricky loves this job and he loves the community and I really think it's going to kill him because he's hard headed but he loves this job and that's why I voted for him. I believe in him. I may not like every decision he makes but one thing I found out about Ricky is if I have a difference of opinion, I can talk to him and he is very composed. He takes in what I have to say but if he thinks it's right there's no moving him. He is a rock and to me I believe that is someone who cannot be bought, who cannot be black male and who has done an amazing job for this community. He has been there when I've seen a very young girl just starting learn how to drive picking up her little sister off the bus at 3 in the afternoon, went in the ditch in front of my row. There was Ricky Johnny on the spot helping the young girl. She's crying. He's been an amazing part of this community even though you may not like some of the choices he makes, I feel that we voted this man in. We voted someone who is a steady rock and who is always there for the community. Thank you. Thank you Miss Fiatara. Appreciate your comments. Mr. Edward Duga. Hi, good evening Miss Duga. I think you got a mail from me this week, Mayor and the Franklin, please do. I have since the 1st of March tried 10 times and I have a phone log of it to have him call me to complain about a police officer that's under him. He has not responded to me after 10 times. I literally sent a certified letter to the Mayor and the police chief last week requesting them to call me. He still is not responding. All I ask is for him to call me so I can handle an issue I had with his police officer. 10 times, not even a decent thing to call me back. I was asked for a body pin. I was told that they don't have body pins of that night because y'all have an issue with the camera department, whoever's overseeing. When I asked for a copy of the issue, the call, I was told I had to the lawyer if I want that. I am not getting any response. The one time I talked to him was outside the building two weeks ago and I had no little thing. He told me he was tied up in all this. That's why he hasn't called me. Does this just ignore me because he has an issue with something else? I am a citizen and I have an issue on the way his police officer handled a case I called him. I feel about on the 16th or 15th of March, they sent three police officers at 930 at night put straw lights on my house to find out what my issue was. 930 at night would straw lights. I asked when they opened the door, my first thing was who called the complaint on me because that's what I thought. This man is not handling his cases now because of this. If this is that much of a, or in clean clean business for him, he needs to sit down and step down while this is going on or take care of his business. All I asked him is for a call so I can solve this. That's all I asked. I'm not going to tell you what my opinion was of the case because it's not important. He has not responded to me. So my question is when y'all do this or y'all going to investigate the whole thing or just at one incident back in November because he is not handling his job. I have a log, I have my phone log, I sent registered leather, still no response. Why am I not getting response? That's all I'm wanting them. Mr. God, thank you. And I do have, I did receive your certified letter and it's on my desk and chief and I enjoy good conversation and it's on my desk to discuss it with them. I apologize. I have not personally responded to you yet. I think I just received in the last day. He has been so close to March. I know. I appreciate you being here this evening. If you'd like. Sure. You didn't. You did. House. I don't have the exact date in front of me, but your response to them was you didn't have time for it right now. At 9.30 at night. On March 15, you showed your Prince of the in strobe lights and three, you know, when you paint your house, I was in bed. I was leaving town in two hours to go to Texas and I told them to come back and never did come back. But they did come back. They came back and you did not have time for them. On March 15th, the one incident, they didn't come back. They didn't come back out. They were supposed to follow up because I was leaving town in two hours so I was trying to sleep and driving to the house. At 9.30 at 9.30 you're going to show up to follow up on something? That's a little embarrassing. I don't know about job and I go to bed for years. Stu got thank you very much. I'll keep it on my desk and see if I can get to help with you out a little bit. All right. And it seems as it's been started. Do you want to speak pertaining to this item related to 8.1 which is the resolution for the chief of police. Zee, or is this for something else? Zee. Yeah. Zee, did you want to address the council about this or what did you want to talk about? So I want to ask why would you mind coming up? This is mainly the footage when y'all think about what I'm asking y'all. They have, you know, back on where you would come from. They always had council meeting and the paper. The council city paper that and also school board meeting. They published that. I was one of why they don't publish nothing here because people don't come. People don't have computers and they can find what's on on the internet. Okay. Yeah. But I think, I mean, y'all do what you want. But I think people should know what's going on at council meeting and school board. Not just a council. Sure. Because newspaper has you know they did that. But I don't know why they don't do it here. Yeah. I'll give you the answer quickly. I mean, I sorry, I didn't know what a gin item you want to talk about. But I'll address it. We're required that the official journals, the daily advertiser for this kind of antiquated state law. It has to be domiciled in the parish that we do business in. So did the daily advertiser? The daily advertiser don't want to do it. No daily advertiser. We send our minutes and everything that were required by law after meeting after minutes. I think if you're looking for the the notice, the agenda notice, we meet the requirement. I mean, not the notice whenever I meet. I'm talking about what goes on at council meeting and what goes on at school. But yeah, so I'm going to try to get a paper. Yeah, and show it to you. The daily advertiser. The daily. I'm going to get a paper back home. I'm sure you how they do it. Oh, I know how to do it. You know, right? You're from that too. Yeah, we both from the same day, the daily advertiser is where we are required to publish it. So that's it's still a requirement. It's still a state law. I don't know. You're all going to do it. No, but you don't put what goes on at the council. No, we do. We follow the law entirely. It's published in the daily advertiser. No, I can't. Do you get the daily advertiser? No, I don't trust. No, they're crooked. No, no, I'm no, they're my way from work 30 years and they let me go and then even give a notice. Okay, you know, I'm just saying I give thank you. All right. Thank you, Mr. Z. All right. I think that that's all that's Oh, Craig, Mr. Craig Romero sir. Did you want to come to you? Well, yes, sir. Come on, my apologize. I know that. Yeah, it's a Craig. Come on. Yes, yes. So the question or concern that I have from the investigation standpoint is I guess if there's rules, ethics rules or laws that have been broken in the police department or suspected, right? Then why wouldn't we use the avenues that or departments that we have in the state parish, whatever the case may be to conduct investigation versus spending taxpayer dollars to conduct, I guess, private investigation, right? That once the report comes out, whatever's in it is then, you know, if there's no laws that's been broken or if there has, let's just say there has been a lot broken or a rule that ethics were broken, then that has to be then turned over to whatever body would then have to go and conduct something, right? So if that's there, then why not go straight there and not spend the taxpayer dollars and if we don't think there's any laws or rules that have been broken and it's being used as a tool to expose whatever, why would we want to spend that kind of money to do either or why would we just take the avenue that we have laws in place to have those types of investigations just taken care of inside that framework. Makes sense. Thank you, Mr. Cama. Council, are there any comments from the council? Those are all the speaker cards that I had signed in. I would like to make a couple comments if I may. I think that there's that think that people deserve an update on what's going on and I would happy to provide what information I know. As you saw illustrated here this evening there's there's a lot of opinion about does a Larsen Act community provide the ability for a Larsen Act City Council to investigate a Larsen Act elected chief of police? There's no shortage of opinions. Each of you have one. As Mr. Trahan pointed out and as Mr. Knox pointed out there's an AG opinion. AG opinion is something that you ask a lot of times it depends on who asks it and what type of desired outcome do you want? What's the circumstances that lead you in your questioning to get that answer? But it's an opinion. It's an opinion at the end of the day. Ultimately I believe there's one opinion of that matters and it's the opinion of the judge that it's going to go before because that opinion is actually what's going to become a judgment. And then there's precedent and then there's case law and perhaps next time a Larsen Act City Council wants to make a decision on pursuing an investigation of a Larsen Act elected chief of police. You don't have to worry about opinion because you have judgment and decisions and cases precedent whatever it's called in the judicial system. Our council has heard enough outcry to feel that this is the appropriate step to move forward in. The decision tonight was to select a law firm to move forward in. I think even if we had a perspective from five different law firms for this council to choose from, I do think that the decision before you is the manner in which you want to move forward and is it simultaneous of requesting a declaratory action? Is it requesting a declaratory action before you embark on an investigation? I think that there's still questions there that procedurally you'll have to consider and address before this item is eventually taken up. I think that we all have a concern and have a fiduciary responsibility of course for what budget are we setting for this and so forth. And I know that those are things that you'll take under consideration because that's what you do. You're good stewards of the taxpayer dollars. I personally believe that regardless of how you choose to move forward, I do think that until enough of the opinions, I think it's time that we get some facts. And I would encourage you to as part of you do diligence moving forward. I've had conversations with the chief. I believe that Mr. Tron has had conversations with the chief's council. What is the relationship between a large-synact city council and a large-synact appointed chief? And I don't know what that answer may come back as. I mean, depends on the judge that it goes before. We don't know, but guess what? That is the opinion that matters. And so I think that we need to be thinking along those lines because ultimately, let's say hypothetically in this conversation, it comes back and says, no, a large-synact city council does not have the opportunity to do this. That doesn't mean the conversations over necessarily. It just means that the conversation may shift and that conversation may shift to be that, you know, perhaps a large-synact, maybe large-synact we've outgrown. Maybe we've outgrown, have an a large-synact elected chief of police. I don't know, but I think that there's other things that that judgment may open the conversation about. I also am cognizant of, you know, we're here because we were elected and there's other, there's there are other mechanisms. No one needs to have an invite to come in and do an investigation. If they're smoking guns, there's investigators that can come in. I hope they don't come to my office, you know, but they're welcome to come in. There's also recalls. If there's public outrage, I mean, where's the recall? So there are things that I do believe the council has heard enough where they want answers for the constituents that we represent. I just think that I would ask you guys just to consider letting a declaratory judgment be part of that process because I disagree with asking our new, or not new, but I disagree with asking the current Attorney General for his opinion, because ultimately what does it matter? It's an opinion. And opinions in the past may have been enough coupled with political pressure and all the other things to back off and just keep walk in the other way because it's opinions. It's opinions, it's pressure. I would encourage you to get the facts and take this conversation to somebody that matters that can actually make a judgment. So yes, sir. Let me allude a little bit to this. The declaratory action. Some of you may not know. It will be styled as a petition for declaratory judgment. And what is provided for our Code of Civil Procedure with regards to this action is if a party pursuant to a contract and ordinance of statute is unclear of his or her rights. This type of action is typically brought and asked of the court, tell me what my rights are. That's exactly what we're doing here. We may even consider filing it jointly. In other words, Mr. McGee's here. We've talked about filing it jointly and having the court define what parameters my, I envision in my discussions with Mr. McGee that we would file it jointly, make sure we have the issues defined and then ask the Court for status conference so that we could get this thing on a fast track. Don't see that there's any witnesses that would be needed like a typical court case. And so we could get this matter resolved or this issue put to rest one way or the other expeditiously and without the significant expense involved before we proceed with the investigation, assuming that the judge rules in our favor. This is an appeable judgment. So any any side agreed by the judge's decision has a right to take an appeal on it. But I think this is the most prudent route that you as a council can do to effect your weight of determination. And as the mayor said, quit relying on other people's opinions. As some of you know with regards to attorney general's opinions, we had one reversed a year ago. Evidently, some of the facts that were brought out involving the fire department were incorrect. The attorney general's office issued an opinion based on those incorrect facts. We met with the attorney general. We presented the facts. The opinion was recalled. So again, an attorney general's opinion is advisory only. It has no binding effect. All right. Thank you, Mr. Traum. Any other comment desired by the council? I'm like, I'm like one or a quick. After the after the last council meeting, I had had quite some time to digest what exactly had just happened after speaking with several residents and hearing the the concerns from the pros and the cons and everyone. I just wanted to be known that it's not as if your city council that you will let it hear today is up here with torches and pitch forks riding against the chief. We're still trying to work aimlessly together on putting our best foot forward with the city of Youngsville and striving for excellence every single day. I had a long discussion with the chief today. We still want to strive to have a working relationship together through this entire process. It's not like we're up here trying to have the animosity and I'm surely not going to be the one to fuel any kind of negative publicity with that being on social media, the media or anything else. We're not up here trying to portray anything that's not true and what's false. I want nothing more than to continue to have a great working relationship with the chief of police. But why we are here, why this investigation is taking place is because of the concerns that have brought to us and the motto that I ran on for this office at an election two elections ago was it was our city and your voice and I still stand by that today. This is our community but you're the voice that I'm just up here speaking for you and so I'm not up here to point full odds at Chief Boudreau to state that there are anything that anything that I'm saying is factual. They're all speculation and just basically ruined opinions at this point until they're proven to be factual. That's all they are, it's just rumors. So we're just up here trying to to make the best collective decision to find some validity of these opinions if they are true or not. But I just felt that that was owed to the public. I felt like there's a really nasty perception of us and the relationship that we have working up here is if it's, you know, some days it may look great, some days it may be bad and we all don't have to agree on what things 100% of the time but what we do start to do is I have a great working relationship in which we will continue to do in serving you. All right thank you councillor. So there's a there was only a motion on the floor for discussion is there any action that's desired by the council to move to the next agenda item. Still need a table. You still want to merit this time we'd like to make a motion to table item 8.1 resolution number 2023-09 to the May City Council meeting. Okay motion by council member Romero to table. Second second by council member Stan Sparry. Miss Gidry please call the vote to table. Mr Romero. Yes. Mr Stan Sparry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Volga. Yes. Motion for it. The agenda item 8.2 resolution 2023-10. A resolution authorised in the mayor of the City of Youngsood execute a cooperative endeavor agreement for ARPA Water Sector Program Grant award in committing to the local match. May I make a motion to please? All right thank you. Miss Champagne. Second by Mr. Volga. Any comments or questions from the council from members of the public. This is we did receive a $5 million grant from the Water Sector Program and hence the reason that we're moving forward with the CEA the cooperative endeavor agreement. So this is for the Water Sector Program that Susan's projects will hear about during her updates. So if there's no public comment Miss Gidry please call the vote. Mr. Stan Sparry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Volga. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion for it. 8.3 resolution 2023-11. A resolution authorised in the mayor to execute an intergovernmental agreement with Lafayette City Parish Consolidated Government concerning the Flushdin and vacuuming of drainage infrastructure. Motion to move. All right thank you Mr. Romero. I'll second. All right second by Miss Champagne. Mr. Boudreus here from Mayor Giller's office said I want to meet a reminder one that this is at no cost to our taxpayers additionally in Young'sville. This is a cooperative agreement where the parish government is going to be using their drainage dollars to assist with vacuuming and flushing of drainage culverts as directed by Terry and his team. All right any public comment? All right no public comment Miss Gidry. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Volga. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stan Sparry. Yes. Motion for it. All right thank you council 8.4. Excuse me. Yeah 8.4 resolution 2023-12. A resolution authorised in the mayor the City of Young'sville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement for the Louisiana Watershed initiative out of YOD design support program. DSP Anzlem Kooley detention pond project. I'm going to be a little more excited about this one. So but I'll wait for your motion. I'll motion. Thank you Mr. Volga. Second by Mr. Romero. Not too long ago a couple years ago councilman Stan Sparry asked me the residents want to know when you're going to do something on the Anzlem Kool. You remember that night? I remember walking it twice. Yeah I remember walking it with you too. Anyway three main drains of Young'sville. You know we got we got one we got another one and we have Anzlem Anzlem's on the east side no west side of our city it ultimately drains to the Vermillion River through our master plan efforts through the HMGP program. We were successful in getting 100% funding on regional detention projects which you may have noticed are underway on the LaSalle Kooley on Bayou Park Purdue but we did just some public private partnerships along the Anzlem only the Veterans Park the dog park. We made a lot of modifications to neighborhood detention areas. Councilman Stan Sparry and I have walked that channel a few times we put pressure on the parish the parish did a little bit of a pick up job back there. Raked a few leaves. But anyway thanks to Pam and her team she stayed dialed in and saw some new opportunity for dollars to come in and that's through the LWI program the watershed program what's really most exciting about it I think is that we hope that the hurdles are going to be easier to go through than the HMGP projects as you know we lived all of that that was a very bureaucratic mess but we did it the LWI program Pam will tell us about in her update but $5.7 million is been awarded and that's for similar regional based solutions on the Anzlem Kooley that's fully funding all the design fees the property acquisition the construction cost and we're already in we're in to design we're into peer the state has a peer review process that's kind of reviewing those plans so we hope they can be fast-tracked so with your support this evening this cooperative endeavor agreement allows us to sign the paperwork to start that process and we'll begin you know going through more modeling looking for property it's roughly about 20 acres around the Anzlem Kooley Anzlem Wood Crosses near Route 92 around the Carlotted Verod goes into Milton so I don't know we may have to look outside the city limits but hopefully we can find some property inside the city limits to make it happen so that's what this resolution is just allowing us to move forward again the main takeaway is that there's no local match being asked for us here just permission to sign the paperwork so we can continue forward on it so you want to make a motion we already have a motion yeah so job that's right I think it was I think it was bullshot on is there public comment at least entertain me a little bit no public comment for him all right like we need to keep talking about this I get it great job all right things sounds like residents all right miss Kidry yes Mr. Marrow yes Mr. Stansbury yes thank you appreciate all right and thank you Pam all right 8.5 resolution 2023 13 a resolution levy in the milled rates for 2023 on motion all right thank you Mr. Bolgiano second second but Mr. Stansbury this is not an increase of any tax this is just just doing pushing the paperwork for the same property millage that your paint today as a citizen a young soul for general alimony fire protection fire protection and water works any public comment all right miss Kidry please call the vote Mr. Marrow yes Mr. Stansbury yes miss Champagne yes Mr. Bolgiano yes all right 8.6 resolution 2023 14 a resolution ordering and calling a special election to fill the vacancy of council member division a the city of young soul state of Louisiana and taking other matters and connection there with all right thank you Mr. Stansbury Mr. Romero any council comment any public comment this resolution calls upon the appropriate parties to set an election for October 14 as the primary and for if necessary generally elections need there be a runoff for November 18 with qualifying dates of August 8th 9th and 10th and this will be to fill the vacancy of Miss Reo the appointed seat that the council deferred earlier will fill that vacancy until there's a duly elected person to represent that seat in the upcoming election miss Kidry please call for the vote Mr. Stansbury yes yes Mr. Romero yes all right ordinances for introduction there's just one this evening agenda item 9.1 is ordinance 483 2023 a fifth supplemental bond ordinance supplementing ordinance 2013 01 the general bond ordinance to provide for the sale and delivery of not exceeding 14 million dollars of recreational facilities sales tax revenue bond series 2023 of the young soul sales tax district number one state of Louisiana pursuant to the general bond ordinance and providing for other matters and connection there with I'll make a motion to introduce ordinance number 483 2023 all right thank you Mr. Stansbury Mr. Champagne this is just continuing the process of of bonding out sales tax proceeds which are being used to pay for the expansion of the young soul sports complex that's under design and construction today so is there any public comment okay no public comment miss Kidry please call the votes introduce the ordinance yes Mr. Romero yes Mr. Stansbury yes all right thank you council tax you want to give an update on the on the sports complex expansion property project pleasure to have you here this evening thank you call it the mountain yeah thank you mayor and council just to give an update so a couple of things going on obviously to the citizens you see this uh uh earthen berm going up they are finished with the dirt work all this was all as part of a overall project a critical path item to really get that dirt out there to really start settling it really really looks even more impressive on the inside as the mayor and I while they're last week so that went well so that that that supplement contract is near completion the second part uh we broke the project up into several design packages to catch up on time because we went through the whole iterative process with the with the budget so the next package that went out was the water and sewer plans we received pricing and we're in the process of finalizing that and and going through a supplemental agreement with the contractor the third the third package is the drainage and dirt work for the job and we just got pricing back on that the collective of these three is only about 19 to 20 percent of the overall project so in the spirit of C-MAR we really want to get this the contractor JB Mutal in the process of getting towards a guaranteed maximum price it would begin to lock this project up again these three items are important to get this this project moving and to kind of keep the project on on on on on a scale that is that tim and his his his his group can manage as far as the spring ball for next year so overall it's it's going well relationship with the contract has been great this is a C-MAR project so it's one of my first and just the interaction with the contract has been great but that we do need to now now really zone in on the pricing and lock it all in and and and go through that process so that'll be really a lot of action that's going on over the next month while we begin to cease the next phase of work going on so high level that's the update so yeah any questions any questions for DAX about the about the sports complex expansion that's happening yeah one one try we weren't planning to be open in six months how many months yeah we'll try thank you thank you DAX Tim Tim many update while we're talking about parks in America you want to provide anything for the council you may yeah under sports programming we plan to have opening day on Saturday it of course depending on the weather sugar beach spring league is underway with a hundred plus teams FNA is finishing up register in with about a little over 600 kids that will start on April 24th all the tennis programming continues we of course have the first collegiate match with the men UL tennis team plants out Alabama the women's team had a match plan Marshall and then we'll have an actual tournament set timber 15 through the 17 for collegiate tennis soccer will finish their spring season this weekend under the rec center all the pick-a-ball council and agent free play continues basketball camps and tournaments have begun at the rec center especially events the chamber you know host of the guns and hoses recently the chamber banquet we have the USA power lift the event coming in April 22nd the senior Olympics pickleball tournament on May 6 another MMA event will take place Memorial Day weekend on May 27th on partnership with 2D baseball has begun so we continue to host their tournaments on the weekends and then the pony girls world series will be back in 24 and 25 just some the splash pad all the protecting netting is complete all the surface and is going down now they have still have to do some AC for the restroom build in the completion of the fencing and sodding the pixas entrance sign the benches tables with umbrellas the schedule to all be arrived and being installed in time for an opening we're getting closer to being able to schedule an actual opening day at this time then you expansion you know the excaven update on that just under parks and rec with land itself L. U. S. is run fiber into foster part so we can now have internet to have video cameras and alarms installed there in the building and the maintenance board we're working with Angie on our new website for parks and rec where all the information will be on the satellite parks the park police staffing also with the Andrews help where redesigning our sports complex website to be more mobile friendly and have an updated design including you know video clips more photos and to be able to feature the new expansion the pixas splash park amphitheater and pickleball complex all right thanks so much to appreciate it and good questions Tim all right Pam all right for the 2022 roadway improvement program we have we're from sure you've seen this in a lot of different places um Almanaster we are going to finish up the paving next week we tried to get it where well as much done while kids were out of school but they started paving today after letting the um salsa met cure they're gonna finish next week once they leave anzla uh sorry Almanaster they're going straight to marto that's currently uh curing now and we will go in and we'll start paving marto on the city of young spills uh pavement section um crest circle we finished the paving yesterday and we are now starting the cleanup so for those residents who live there we are coming in cleaning up the contractor knows they have several we have yards to fix we have asphalt and um and flowable field to move out of yards so we are trying to rake out as many of those as possible um with regards to moving into our other subdivisions two to three weeks we'll be getting into field crest waiting on a patching crew to be able to do that and then from their copperfield we will come back to be able to do north low rivier that's your next big reconstruction but we are waiting for the contractor working on lisao to finish moving uh dirt um so that's kind of where we are in the 2022 roadway i encourage people to follow the mayor's uh transportation Thursday so we've been trying to give updates so that everybody doesn't have to wait just a month so he's been very active in and putting up the transportation Thursday so we are not great photographers but um we'll keep giving the information to the mayor to try to keep everybody posted on when we're when we're coming uh in your area um highway 89 and fortune look out so the contractor is going to start clearing and grubbing both highway 89 and fortune removal of any uh trees and shrubs that we need you will start to see that the utilities are going to be called in and they're going to start marking utilities next week so we need the utilities mark before we can start removing anything and then we're going to be doing that we have finished the design of the water and sewer and getting that permitted so um that would be the next thing that you could um start the construction on we're getting a price we're starting to price that we've priced that already priced it from the contractor um far see more um and then present it to see if that's something we would want to amend to get them to do that um and then of course drainage is is right behind it so our goal is once we're now that they're out there is to get them to start doing additional things and the drainage is the last piece for us to be able to get a good GMP and um so that's what we're working towards so hopefully in May I'm coming in with a um with a GMP price that's uh that's our goal right now um with regards to detention ponds um we are in currently installing the intake and outfall structures on what we refer to as pond five that's 1010 fortune right there by fortune hill subdivision so that pond will be working within a couple of weeks so it will start intaking water and uh and start working so that when definitely um in place before we get into our bigger rainy season um we are also fit we are finished excavating pond one that's the pond you can see when you're on shaman mettery by the sports complex and so they've finished the actual excavation of it which next comes we start doing this making sure all the side slopes are good and then doing hydro seating stuff but we've also started on pond what we call pods two and three and then of course pond four has a lot of it uh that's been removed once again the mayor has a good drone footage our contractor gave us some good drone footage last of last week so if you go to facebook you can see from an aerial image how all of those are looking um with regards to the koolie la salle we're trying to finish up the smaller pond in the back but of course it took a lot of water with the more than four inches of rain that we got last week so we are trying to pump it down because the goal was to finish that one to get that one uh functioning the way it needs to function with its intake and outfall structures while we're still excavating dirt out of the rest with regards to uh anzlum as the mayor said the nice the exciting part of this one is that um in that five point seven million dollars it will be a wet pond but they are also paying for some extra nature based solutions um so they definitely want to make it a inviting space for public and also uh things that bring in um whether whether it's birds or whatever so there'll be a lot of plantings and stuff so in that they've included um funding for us to be able to get um other consultants involved with regards to these nature based solutions um biological and of sorts so it's going to be different from our other ones um but it definitely will be before people ask it's wet this one will be wet um and that's pretty much the highlights of the main things less anybody has any questions questions for Pam you concerns thank you so much Susan um so with regard to the wastewater plant and the uh sewer pump station upgrade um we are waiting on the water sector rate study for that but in addition uh for the wastewater plant we applied for the DQ permit back in 2019 DQ and EPA went back and forth over some TMDL studies they finally worked it out then they came up with the new permit that we need to go through so we're going to apply for that but it is looking like we're going to have to add a couple of things one of which is probably post-arration to meet the dissolved oxygen in limits and we may have to put in filters we're hoping not but we'll know that when we get the permit so that's it for that the streetscape is complete except for those punch list items there's some back ordered things we're hoping they'll come in soon but we really don't know but um so for the most part that's complete with regard to the water plant the elevated storage tank the water line interconnections we're pretty much just waiting on that right study water sector rate study and permitting so that's it any questions anything okay yes sir a clink uh Susan to meet uh DHH's new requirement uh are we going to see a large uh cost increase with the sewer plant oh you can talk about DEQs okay so um what we plan to do with regard to the post-arration what we we're talking about is using one of the clarifiers that we were going to decommission and using that as for the post duration so we'd have to add some aerators in there but at least we wouldn't have to build a new structure there filters would be a different thing so what we might do is um if they give us interim limits we may wait and see if the SBIRs can meet those limits and then if we can't then we'll have to add in filters at a later date okay um I guess do you have a preliminary cost of how much that's going to be I don't know that right now but we're working on it okay that's okay thank you Susan I appreciate it Chief Woodrow thank you sir uh and your council lastly define your private development report from cleanse offices in your packets as well and for anyone that's viewing from home that's that's an update that's in the packet as well it's reviewing all the private updates that are going on throughout the community um a couple of announcements and I would take the council's announcement first I want to acknowledge miss Becky that's here in the audience she um spec he was our former city clerk for she worked for the city of Youngsoville for 27 30 years yeah 35 40 years when I as a as a new mayor I shared an office with Becky remember that how you like the new office you need to you need to come check it out behind the scenes so thank you for being here um one acknowledged excellent job to Youngsoville Chamber of Commerce uh they put on a an excellent event last night it was a different format so hats off excuse me everyone that was on that board and the banquet committee chair uh it was certainly a different uh a different approach uh having you know late night I thought it was just really cool with Gerald Grunick as a personality so hats off to everyone there we had the privilege of acknowledging and recognizing the applicants are the the not no longer applicants the class class four of leadership Youngsoville a couple of us understand very was there with me in Simone they had a social last week to kind of get to know each other and then last night they were introduced to the public at the at the at the chamber of banquet so we're more than thrilled to have leadership class four now underway that's starting um and I also want to give a special acknowledgement to the Youngsoville Chair Club through next level athletics we have two national championship teams uh that competed our two national champion champions championship teams I guess you could say in Youngsoville uh that are both coached by uh Miss Andre McBride at the Youngsoville Chair Club through next level athletic athletics you recall we had them here live was last year we had them had them come in uh and they're continuing to do great things so while we focus a lot on things that are happening at the sports complex what next level does they provide the cheering for for FNA but just want to give exchange a few words with with Andre but just want to give them a special hello and congratulations and uh that we're very proud of them so uh with that being said uh councilman Bolgiano trying to overdo you sir all right thank you mr. Romero uh just two things uh I want to thank you for being open-minded and taking our request with meetings and stuff uh mazes mission uh the Bruce arts another gone but uh they got a church with us uh we've known them since both of our kids are probably one two years old I went to daycare together school together and everything and uh they've turned a huge tragedy into an eye-opening group for people that you normally wouldn't think you need that uh Tim kudos to jumping on what you did and what you created uh I think it's huge uh it was as you said I think it was kind of a hole we didn't know in the community where you know a group we needed so I appreciate you taking those meetings uh don't know the comment I want to make is I appreciate some of the applicants that are here for that open council seat uh I know we didn't take any action on that I think it's for myself I would like to reach out to the ones that I have not talked to yet and give that a little time so I can give each one of them a equal opportunity to discuss the position and whatever else about this job is going to be over the next uh seven eight months so one of the knowledge uh all right thank you for the con words and the introduction to uh the brusso's Mr. Thamesburg well I was going to talk about the division A candidates as well um just want to thank y'all I mean we we we had a lot eleven actually there were two other ones that were ineligible but great resumes um for myself couldn't take action because I really wanted to give everyone a fair shot at this and uh had a few conversations already and um plan to have more that way we get it right uh this is this is a big task up here we're making important decisions for our city and our citizens and uh we'll I'll be reaching out so thank y'all for doing that all right thank you Mr. Standsbury Miss Shumpine yes and I I would like to thank the applicants also thank the ones that can't attended our meeting tonight and I'm sure most of them are watching online streaming uh I agree we want to make sure we get it right and I will be reaching out I have not spoken to everyone yet so I will be reaching out to everyone I have not spoken to and thank you for your um wanting to be involved in the community I mean we have very good applicants and and I think that it's a perfect opportunity and a perfect opportunity for everyone on this council to be able to make sure that our city continues to grow the way we've been growing uh in recent years so thank y'all for applying I appreciate y'all and I will be reaching out thank you Miss Shumpine is there any other business before the council this evening right if not all entertain a motion to adjourn motion to adjourn all right second by mr. Romero motion was by Miss Shumpine all in favor all right meeting adjourn thank you all so much it's a privilege and honor to serve you meeting adjourn