that situation. I don't got a fine for pulling up to a stop sign. I think I stopped. They didn't think I stopped in. I still got a ticket at the end of the day. It's again, there's only on what I see in this community. And I'm already a part of the minority where we already are made to believe not to trust police officers to think nepotism is this, to think we don't get that fair shake in the community as it is. So as the as the council, I want to know like steps that's going to be taken from the investigation to regain that trusted community. Because just from what I seen in that video, there's no way no citation was given. Again, excuse and everything else that happened in the video, it's what you see. And I don't want to make a judgment call off of one side without reading any more information, police reports or anything else that was filed. But from my point of view, from what I've seen on it, it was more of a slap on the wrist lets go. When I knew in my heart, I wouldn't get that fair chance. I wouldn't get that slap on the wrist. So I love Chief Boudreau. He's always in our neighborhood. He makes sure we good on Halloween. So I appreciate that. I know at the time he probably was doing what he thought was best, but I just want to see more accountability taken. Thank you all again. Thank you, Mrs. Stewart. Kim Horn or Horn? Home. Yes, ma'am, I'm sorry. All right, thank you, ma'am. George Knox. Mayor Counsel, actually this is my first time in the new chamber. So it's great to see everybody here. And thankfully I still get emailed the agenda. Like I was emailed previously. I'm sorry, I'll talk louder. Thankfully I was emailed the agenda like I've always been so that I'm able to keep track. Because obviously I was born and raised here. I'm concerned about young people. I'm concerned about stuff that is reported in the news, social media, and anything else. And I guess what struck me and my concern was, you know, as the mayor and the council is aware, the city of Youngsville is a Lawerson Act community. So in terms of the Lawerson Act, the Lawerson Act, the legislature has set forth the powers of the mayor, the powers of the council, and the powers of elected police chief. And my concern was in reviewing through the Lawerson Act. And I like why I spoke with other attorneys that have been city attorneys as well, who agreed with my assessment. I do not believe, and this is my interpretation. I'm an attorney, I'm a former city attorney for the city of Youngsville. I don't believe that the mayor has the authority to do what the council is requesting that he do. And what I mean by that is, you