You're taking away from the village. And that's what made Youngville. So just to let you know, a lot of people aren't in agreement with the new route for various reasons. And danger for the children is the main thing. It's like the road wasn't wide enough or the large roads. Right. Yeah. So that was my observation. I appreciate it. Okay. Thank you, Misty. Any other feedback about Marty Grull? Okay. Well, I'll just make a couple of comments. First, I just want to echo what my colleague said about commending our team. You know, I think that internally we made some changes from the registration process, which began with a Haley in my office, our permit manager, Kaley. I feel like it was very organized and very well run there. I think that was the prep work Terry and your team, I think was outstanding. I never recall the cleanup and the barricades being picked up as quickly as they were. Basically by the end of Sunday, by the end of Sunday, you still had some. Stored barricade stored of a by Monday, everything was picked up completely before being off from already grad day. And I never recall that happening. So thank you. Chief, look, you would have received the blame had things not going well. So I think you deserve things fair to say that you deserve the credit. You and your administrative or your command staff and every officer you had. I shared some observations and feedback from previous years to briefing. I think you understood the assignment, the outside assistance with other agencies was impressive. They were actively managing the route, they were actively patrolling the route from my observations on the parade. So I appreciated the feedback that we received was that the traffic to disseminate, or maybe not disseminate, but to get people out of the city. Appeared to be a lot smoother than some other times. So I want to thank you for that. I think the fire department, all the outside agencies, were I think really had their best foot forward. You know, relative to the parade, I think, you know, look, I love the Martigraf parade. I absolutely do. I look back to some older pictures that I had with some of my first Martigraf parades. You know, when the Martigraf parade went through my neighborhood, I would walk just to quiet meadows and copper. It's the street called copper field, and I know not copper field copper meadows boulevard. Yeah, copper meadows boulevard and quiet meadows. And you could literally do cartwheels down it. I looked at my first picture that when I was fortunate to become the mayor in 2015 in the amount of space at more of Aunts, it was, it's completely different than it is today. The question or the challenge that we really had is how do we scale that parade? I mean, let's face it. I mean, it's become very, very popular. And