 All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome. This is the regular council meeting for the month of May. It's May 9th, 2024. We welcome everybody to the young zool municipal complex. And let's see how to see our pastor come in this evening to see here. Pastor Chris Williams. No, do I have any do we would anyone like to lead us in an invocation? I'll have never had this happen before. Well, oh, sure, please. If you don't, if you don't mind. Yeah, come on up. And yeah, maybe introduce yourself just so we have the opportunity to say hello to you. I am Cole, Luzby, I'll listen to where to prayer. All right. Thank you. Cool. Welcome. Heaven the Father. We love you. Thank you for tonight. We pray God that you guide us lead us and bless our discussion. And Lord, ultimately, we trusted you to the same pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you so much. And our pledge to see me will be led by Councilman Volgiana. I want to be used to like the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God, indivisible with liberty and justice for all. All right. Welcome again, everyone. Nicole, please call the role. Ms. Barra here. Mr. Volgiano here. Mr. Romero here. Ms. Crea here. Miss Shampon here. All right. We have a quorum. Thank you. A gin item 3.1 is approval of the April 11, 2024 meeting minutes. Have a motion by Councilman Romero and seconded by Councilwoman Barra's. Is there any council discussion? Any public feedback? All right. If there's no public feedback, mischiedry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council. A gin item 4.1 is approval of the March 2024 finance report. All right. The motion by Mr. Volgiano, seconded by Ms. Crea. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council. A gin item 5.1 this evening we have a variance request for a setback variance. Actually, Mr. Cole, Mr. Cole, lesbian, Marcus Traha, or here to request a setback variance for development and the division of 608 Avenue B into three lots. So, gentlemen, you're welcome to come up to the podium. Council on your packet. I think you have a copy of the proposal here. And just for your reminder, you passed a density ordinance. I'm sorry, I don't recall when referring to when we do properties that have like low density or more than single family homes. I know you put a lot of time into that ordinance, but in order to ensure that you were getting it right in order to test it a few times as part of the ordinance, you did ask that these type of developments, even if they meet all of the requirements come back before you. So, right now, low density, I think it's identified as only low density, but low density developments have to come back before the council. Basically, for our pre-development meeting, even if everything was written as per the ordinance. So, just kind of wanted to preface that because I know we do have a lot of interest in redeveloping this particular part, this heart of our city. So, I think we'll have a we'll continue to hear a few of these coming forward. So, in your packet, you have the proposal. And gentlemen, I can maybe I'll let you just kind of open it up. I know you sent some information, but if you'd like to maybe tell the council your thoughts, and I think they'll have some questions for you as well. Sure. My name's Cole Lasby, I own Southwest Windows and Doors. Yeah, and I'm Marcus Strong, born and raised here in Youngsville. We're just looking to do some development here in Youngsville. First off, I want to thank Nicole as well. She's super quick on it. Got us on the agenda pretty quickly. Just appreciate you guys and the speed that it's happened in, to be honest with you. We're looking at doing on Avenue B is there's currently a house that needs a face lift as to say the minimum and really a facelift isn't ideal for that particular house in our opinion. And we'd love to take it basically that lot and subdivided into three lots and build a single family house on each one. So the single family house that we're looking to build and we try our best to put renderings in front of you so you could see it. We're not really interested in building a cheap product with cheap materials or anything like that. For example, we want to use cement board as our siding. We want to try and stay away from vinyl or metal siding. We want to use architectural shingles, try and stay away from any cheaper building materials. And I want to look really great. And so that's kind of our initial thought behind it. We've worked with a surveyor in terms of trying to put that in front of you as well. And I believe from my understanding and you guys need to help me a little bit from my my understanding what we're looking to take the the lot with and go from 30 to 27 for each one. And so I think that's really our request in front of you today if I understand it right. And so yeah, that's kind of a little bit about what we want to do and I'm not sure if you want to add anything or if you guys have questions for us. Our contract on its hammerhead, which you guys are familiar with, they're currently building the avenue project right down the road. And this house is right across the street from Green Tea Linden, very visible area. So yeah, that's kind of well, we appreciate it. Mr. Loseby. I guess let me just make a general comment. I know we'll have some counsel discussion. I kind of talked about just briefly even if all the ordinances were met that you'd still be here in this development. I think really yes, Mr. Loseby is correct. I mean the question before you tonight is really specific to the variances on setbacks. And do you do you want to consider if this pre development based on how this pre development meeting goes tonight, should it result in a subdivision of the property we would follow the normal process. You know, they are with you know, doing the public notification and things like that before you get to involved in it. This is a pre development meeting just basically to discuss it. I think one of the other questions, one of the questions I think for the council just as a community that we really have to give some consideration to is there is a lot of development interest in this particular area of our community. It's the heart of our city. And you know, we really I'm excited about the betterment opportunities there. Of course, I think the avenue A revitalization is going to be nice. I know they're marketing them for sale now. The price for square foot I believe is probably more than I could sell my house for. So, but you know, for the council to know, I mean, not only do you have avenue A, you also have at the end of Eugene street recall the up on the Vietar former Vietar house, you have some town home product there. You also have the corner at fourth street across from the fourth street police department at Foster Park. You recently heard a project there. And then I think since then we've also heard we've there's been some interest that have come up for fifth street in church. There was a property that just went on the market on first street and it went under contract the same day. So I think these conversations are really going to continue. So I know this isn't this agenda item, but later in the agenda, I'm asking you to read to consider perhaps some revisions to the land use ordinance. So perhaps this is part of that conversation to as this area is revitalized. You know, what do you really see it becoming. And then with that type of direction, you know, the administration will know, you know, how to really guide these type of inquiries, you know, as we get them in the future. So miss Shumpan, the floor source man. Thank you, Mayor. Welcome. Thank you all for wanting to invest in youngsville. We do appreciate it. And we love revitalization. Revitalization when it makes sense. So I do have questions. I see where the lot is 82 feet wide and you want to put three homes on it to a 27 one at 28 or is it to a 28 and one at 27? Yeah, I think it's two at 27 and one at 28. I think you're right there. How wide are the homes? So there are approximately 22 feet wide. And that 22 feet is that from slab one side is lay up to the other slide. How much is the overhang? Well, 12 inches. So it's a foot right all the way around. So on both sides, you're projecting five foot said backs, which is our regular setback requirement of five feet. So what's going to be your interior? So we're going to have that third house at middle house. So that's a good question. So I think we've got the five foot setback from the adjacent neighbor on each side. And I think what we would like to ask is we can do a three foot setback in between the middle house and the adjacent lots. If you can track my logic there. So we'd be going to three feet with a one foot overhang on each house, right? And we have one foot in between. Am I correct in my calculation? Is that accurate? We don't have one foot. Yes, I think that's fair between the houses. Right. You're going to sell these around them. Sell them. Yeah. It really depends on how the accounting plays out our plan. We've got a couple of options. Our plan would be to either sell all three or sell two and keep one. That's really the kind of the options that we're looking at. You gave some examples. So we've all had done on. I see. This was on. Waiting to do. Do you want to wait in. When I pull the picture off of the assessor's site that's a street view. I don't see two homes. You said you're split into two homes. Is it a duplex? It's connected. It's a duplex. It's no division of property. Okay. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Well, the zero line means that there's no space in between. That's really what I call a duplex because it's connected. Kind of like when you do a townhouse or some of the other developments we've doing downtown. The other one was a waiting to know. Reena draft. You stated. Matt. I'm saying it's just not right. Okay, that's. Rule.modern. toch all. So it looks like those said backs between those homes had to be at least six feet. Maybe wrong. But it had to be at least six feet. What I did see in his development is he paid. He concrete the entire front of the properties for parking. Yes. What are y'all going to do about parking. We you can't do street parking. Right. the front set back at 30 feet to have plenty of parking room off of that street. It's fun. Our opinion is our opinion. We actually, when we were looking at Raina Drive development, we didn't personally just preference for us. We didn't love how the parking lot lays out. It's not an our opinion the most functional because as you're backing out, you're almost going into the right of way of your adjacent neighbor. And we thought it would be more ideal actually to have a lot enough driveway kind of almost matching each individual building where you can have two cars parked in the driveway and plenty of room to come in and out. Now as we say that, that's our preference. If it feels like it's important for us to do that paved many lot if you will, I don't think that'd be a big deal to us. And what are you all going to do about drainage? Because NMA, I have to ask, I don't know if Jeremy can maybe help us out here. When we do a subdivision, which is a division of a actual subdivision, this is a division of property. Correct? I think it's what I'm seeing. It would be in this case, yes, if they're wanting to sell them. Right. So normally we require a drainage study on that property. Have you all done that? No, no. Because I mean, these houses are going to be tight. Y'all want them to be very tight. So, so what is your projection of how you're going to handle drainage from those three homes on that small piece of property? To be candid with you, we haven't quite gotten that far. We'd be happy to go down that route. You know, and our we kind of talked a couple of other guys and they didn't necessarily know if it would be needed on just doing three particular lots. But if it is needed, then we'd be happy to explore what's what's needed. We certainly want what's best for the end buyer. What is the least amount of width of a lot that we have granted? Is it like 40 something feet? Frontage? I think what well outside of a T&D problem. Outside of a T&D? Yes. I think we can look at well as landing. That's probably about 40. But I'll look at 40. So we are just going to do these at 28 almost. Of what we have historically done. And many of the most home lots have to be a minimum of like 7,000 square footage. You know, for the extra for the lot itself. So what are you going to do about green space? I mean, you know, put families in them. So, you know, naturally, we want families to have space, you know, for their kids and the green space. So what are you going to do about that? Yeah, we think that actually the lot depth is actually pretty. We've got some room in the backyard for a family. What's the depth? We actually initially started off with 63 feet and length and actually we kind of did a look at the floor plan. We actually think we'll be closer to 53 as we're kind of final odds and some are trying to finalize some detail which will give us plenty of room going from 53 back. That probably at least 20. I don't want to say anything incorrect here, but the 20 and 30 feet in the backyard give or take. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, and what's the width? What's the length of the depth of the lot? The depth. About 100. Thank you. We normally require an regular subdivision. I know we're not talking about subdivision we talk about a subdivision of properties. However, we are looking at smaller lot widths and putting more homes in that in that density in a in a neighborhood a historic what I call our historical downtown. So I like the look of the homes. I want you to know that. Thank you. I do have a huge concern about putting three homes on one lot on an 82 foot wide light. I will be very up front with you on that one. We would be allowing you to do something and not have points because when we do a subdivision the developer has to come back and show us that they're going to get so many points to be able to do green spaces, parks, they get points for this to be able to do a decrease in lot size. In this case y'all aren't offering anything. Correct? Okay. I may have some more but that's all for me right now. Just to follow up with you misschampagne. Wells landing is there 45 by 115 to give you just to give you that answer. Thank you. Thank you. Any other council comments or I know I know you own the property now. Okay. All right. Mr. Romero. Good evening guys. How y'all doing? Good. How are you? Thanks for leading us in prayer by the way for taking that over to the council. Of course. Has there been any consideration of two subdivided into two homes? And how about before you answer that let me go and say this I love the idea of the revitalization or actually just reinvestment I should say in the downtown area. I don't think it needs to be revitalized per se. I think the people who live down there have lived down there for generations. It was one of the original parts of the Youngsville. Boyville. And for that matter as investors have come in to revitalize it or reinvest into it we even had our traffic study engineer decide that we needed to make a lot of those streets one way because of the flow of traffic. You know we reinvested in the park down there. We have a lot more traffic. We had to move part of the police out of there because of traffic as well. So my main concern is as we move forward with development with people wanting to expand their footprint or their amount of rooftops on a footprint is traffic flow, parking, the children. I mean I dropped through there at least once or twice a week and I can tell you it's not just the children is the elderly too that are down there walking the streets and that's my concern is putting too much. I do agree with councilwoman Shampa when I see I drove by Reena Draft my daughter goes to school in that area so I did drop by that the other day and it did look to be about six seven feet. I saw trash cans I gave them about two feet so I'm guessing six feet. Yeah I think it's I think it's five. Okay it was a recycle bin is what I saw I think it was in the picture actually and so I kind of guess that was probably six feet five. Still that that's a good chunk. I would hope maybe y'all could look at that. I could see us or I could see myself agreeing to maybe set about two pieces of property. You talked about the back I'm assuming that's there's no fencing or anything back there. Definitely. It's open lot. Yeah and the adjacent property owner is there any discussions with them or anything? I think there's a hurt. Yeah there is. I like a chain. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right that's all I have right now. Thank you. When councilman Ramara was speaking it brought some things some questions I had. He talked about fencing. The disadvantages of zero lot lines or or homes that are so close to each other two or three feet is if you have windows if that middle house has windows you look in straight in to the next person's window. We do require two stories to have a Bahamas shutters are shutters to help protect the neighbor next door. Another disadvantage of putting homes at close is maintenance. When I looked at the arena drive you could see that the air condition in units and they probably had equal distance on the other side. So three feet I mean you're not going to be able to do very much maintenance in those small areas if you go to three feet or two feet in between those homes you don't have less privacy and you won't be required like a regular subdivision to have fencing if I'm not mistaken right because it would be just so you would not be required to have fencing around the entire perimeter and possibly a privacy fence between those homes. So I wanted to just tell you some of my some more my thoughts. I may have other questions I'm not sure that may come up. Thank you. Council there are other I mean just looking on an aerial search I mean I'm looking at a couple of lots that are on railroad that are at like a 47 you know footprints just to kind of give you some you know some comps I mean as this you know property in this area has been you know divided and subdivided several several times so based on your direction or your decision tonight I mean we would continue to work with you know these guys to you know bring something into to fit into the you know ordinances you see fit I mean if it's too I mean if I heard two of you say you know doing two you know homes I mean that one may not require there to be any type of you know variances at all I think really the struggle are the challenge the opportunity yeah that that this group has is to really to to councilman Romero's point I mean it's an area that everyone takes a lot of pride and of course the residents we've recently invested you know more per square foot in road improvements and street scaping with light poles and landscaping in this particular area the diocese has invested a lot of money we're here with intention to kind of be the gateway to this area foster park I think collectively as a community we're all taking a lot of pride in yeah so I really think what I'm hearing from my colleagues is that we like it you know what we just don't know exactly because we we're fairly in fairness haven't really had a conversation with the neighborhood you know yet to know I mean what would you like to see I mean we know some of the feedback we had on Avenue A and on fourth street and we were really probably simply looking at it from a betterment opportunity there but you know what what is the right you know what what is the right precedent you know with this I think that's good good that's that's the question Ms. Boris hi I do want to thank you for reinvesting downtown I actually walked to that school every day for five years when I was young so I'm very familiar with the area Young'sville historical Young'sville is my place and I am open to change I will tell you outright I'm not comfortable with three homes on that small lot I'm I'm willing to look at you I do think that we need to have a discussion with neighbors because I I am familiar with the area and I do know the people so I did make some calls today and they weren't aware of it and I don't think the three homes I just personally I to me it's a far has it they're so close so at this point I would not be okay with the three homes but I would be open to revisiting to as long as like I said we talk to the neighbors and see with their feelings on the subject or it is a small community everyone knows everyone else then they all have opinions yeah so yeah so if you don't mind what I like to say is you know I'm born and raised here I live don't fortune ruled my parents still own yours to go take care right there so my grandparents when here I get it I give what you'll say but we had another option that we were looking at was potentially doing three town homes right there we were trying to stay away from the town homes you know just to kind of give that small town feel but but that is another option where you just having a shared wall right which would meet most of y'all variants and that's all needed so I don't know if that's something that we need to re-represent if this is not viable for all or thank you town homes we throw you into a whole different part of the regulation of the ordinance of our or a development ordinances so I think before we would even be able to determine that's for not tonight yeah we would have to see what type of plan you have and if you meet all our restrictions according to the town home ordinance yeah yeah no that's fair yeah I would say that two homes on that property wouldn't financially make sense yeah for us so just just because you know purchase price versus renovation costs and doing all that it wouldn't it would it would put the price per house just not economically so hey I can appreciate that I understand I think and I'm gonna go back to what I said earlier and add to it it's to trickle down effect or the domino effect sure I'm highly concerned at the value that the properties are probably selling for quite lower than normal and what's gonna be coming in to develop and over develop right the area where it downtown can that area cannot handle 10 more lots like this that which are proposing so approving something like this in the area between current existing homes multiple homes doesn't make sense you know we we did approve something a little bit different cottage type but it was on the corner near the park we also had McClellan's who both property was an open vacant lot there was nothing else around it you know they had street to street so I think there are some unique opportunities but when it comes between homes for me it's you know we have to be gatekeepers says the Marissa earlier we appreciate that yeah have you and other sister I guess really early with us because we've only you know exchanged you know communication by email but have you had an opportunity to look at that town at home ordinance and really see the requirements of it a little bit or not thoroughly yeah we've done it in life but we haven't looked at the yeah we yeah we probably would like to more time to be able to look at that okay similarly to you guys yeah yeah I mean we I think we we certainly want to work with you on something that would be yeah we believe it would be an improvement to it just really just keep it in the sensitivity of the of the of the neighborhood and being something that that everyone there can be prideful of and I guess if we had some of those some of these products finished in that area and you could see how they were performing yeah you know I think you're I think it would be a little bit easier for you to probably you know make a decision I mean just as we were talking I was going down fourth street and I mean there's a there's a parcel that I'm looking at right now that is 44 you know feet frontage so I don't know that smaller lots is necessarily the issue with this one just maybe you know a little too much but I'd be curious to know I guess your thoughts on the town home ordinance because that was something that I believe this council was put in you know or maybe two years ago yeah yeah yeah misshaun pond did you have any yes sir I would like to make a motion to table for tonight with the revisitation when you'll go back and look at it at some other property project if you're willing to do that that's it yeah all right have a motion on the floor but councilman shampai in councilman barres a second's that council discussion all right yeah it's motions to table are undebatable miss shampa I mean miss get your please call the vote all in favor motion approved if you don't if you'll want to look at that we're happy to you know read yeah read revisit in the office and you know have you guys come in and hear some of your thoughts about that one and we can continue to work with you on the process sounds good thank you for your thoughts thank you thank you appreciate your time this evening the agenda item 5.2 this brief coma with oglory crossfit gem is requesting a variance to the land use regulations to allow a reduction in the green belt look at it at 2034 Bonan Road not sure breeze here this evening but council you have a memo from staff that was on your on your place it's on Bonan Road it's a business general business next to general business you know at a cursory glance there is no conflict I mean that type of road favors business development the only thing that that permitting made me aware of is if the use of that property is before a certain time it would trigger a one more class one more layer of conflict in that particular levels what triggers the green belt and at a cursory review this property doesn't have the green belt the intention is so that way they would be able to have a 5 a.m. 5 a.m. session for their crossfit gem so that's really the only variable there and it sounded as if you know in the conversation if that was a suitable piece of property they were willing to modify their schedule but you know rather you know them go into the lease agreement knowing really what their full use opportunity would be at that side so mispire is it looks like the property to the right of it is basically a U shape so that's probably what about eight foot of driveway or yeah driveway and there's what about five foot now and it's supposed to be 10 foot correct yeah I mean a green belt a green belt by definition is green space but there's also so many trees that would be required per acre depending upon if it's type A or B trees so it's a little bit more than just simply having a green space the intention of it is that that space is really helps mitigate any per any conflict as defined by the ordinance so here business general business next to general business there is no conflict there would be no no action required it's really just the hour similarly if they were staying open later it triggers more is it going to be the starbends to the drive through next door or to the that was going to be my question have they contacted either saw I just to see it's not a requirement of the process to do so so I would say that I can't speak to that if they have and then behind to give you an idea of what's behind that that's a storage facility so it appears to me to be completely surrounded by what would qualify as general business in in the land use matrix for the street you said opening early do they oh stay open might no no it was just they asked for just time to be open and five and I think it shouldn't be a conflict that you are not okay yeah mr. Boljana how about the big emotion to ground bearing all right thank you sir let's see miss champagne did you have a question yes please the five a.m. opening is miss komo here is she here and I miss Bri komo I'm just wondering noise levels I'm not sure if they're going to play music because they working out which there aren't any homes around there right now the property all across the street is for sale right now so we don't know about in the future I'm okay with the variance because there isn't any space on the side of the snowball stand as long as that variance does not carry over to anyone else that wants to move into that facility or if the facility so okay so I don't know if I need to second mr. Boljana within a amendment to his motion are you okay with that provision I mean it would basically just be for this use of that that yeah well the miss champagne just asked she's willing to second the motion if it's just specific to this use of the old glory cost it I mean I just every yeah I'm not for like it's pretty uh I feel like it's pretty just specific in any way like that I mean this isn't like anything anybody else to do they would have to come back to do this anyway so I could say uh I feel like it's a special circumstance to begin with so I guess so yeah yeah and I'm just a little concerned about uh any type of variance I do know hey look cost fits wonderful I like cost fit I can't do it but I admire people that can it's very hard work but I do know they lead the garage doors open a lot of times outside on the exterior of the building so five a.m. in the morning if there's a lot of noise a lot of sound is what I'm that's why I was wondering if mr. coma would be here right and I'm okay with the variance as long as it only pertains to this cost fit gym right now the five foot variance if it if it moves over to another tenant they would have to come back to us for any or if it's sold if it's sold then I would think we would want them to meet the requirements of our ordinances in place now yes we don't do that for renters I don't believe I would go out and do that for renters correct the way the way the way we reviewed this this property um if the property is being sold um then our ask would that have become in compliance with with all of the standards that are in place at the time that the business is sold or that the property is sold because this one's simply a rental I mean we haven't imposed uh you know any any other requirements on that particular uh piece of property so I think right now the question is there was a motion to grant the variance I think you've you just need to decide I mean if you're doing a substitute motion or if you're willing if you're going to amend your motion no it's fine I'm good with this obviously you're good okay so you're willing you're seconding the motion okay mr. Romero um I know we when we property owners transfer ownership uh any variances that we've had in place fall out what about with rental I was looking under sign ordinance because not not trying to hamper this business body means I just didn't want them to go pop up in a sign that exceeds the traditional sign ordinance yeah uh I'd have to look at the measurements of this one again but that a cursory option remember it I feel like it was five or ten I feel like the monument sign met the requirement yeah um so but I would imagine that it may be a change of face on the song okay just something to keep in mind yeah miss champagne the monument sign really didn't meet all the criteria because but Craig mr. Spade uh spade spade no did not utilize it he left a portion at the bottom that allowed you to interchange uh that's right and that's not allowed in sign ordinance so that sign is not really totally incomplicated in sign ordinance okay well yeah sure yeah okay is there any other council discussion okay any public comment relative to the proposed ordinance so it's a we're you council you'll be voting on uh granting the uh the buffer the land use granted a land use variance to eliminate the buffer zone to allow for uh five a.m usage uh provided that it stays with uh cross the old glory cross-fidge only so misgidry please call about all in favor motion approved all right thank you misgidry all right 5.3 bid review so yesterday we opened uh bids on the Youngsville water treatment plan all as Susan and maybe come up and we can both kind of talk about this a little bit um season march you started so we received four bids yes well Wednesday or Tuesday yeah um the uh the uh the low bid was about 8.9 million and the highest was about 9.6 million so we feel like there were pretty good bids um unfortunately it was about 20% over our estimate if we take the three deductive alternates we can get it down to 8.6 million so what we recommended to the mayor is maybe go back to the water sector commission and request more money um several entities are doing that with success so we recommend the city do that yeah so uh council just to maybe elaborate a little bit more um we were pleased we got four bids we heard some that was recently a sewer project in Lafayette Paris that went out to bid where there was an a single bidder on it so I was excited that we had four would have been nice to have had more um the uh this what we put out to bid uh keep a mind we had asked Susan to scale it down she reduced the square footage of the building by about 1300 square feet um we really looked at the design to make sure that we were serving the future population projection we would have loved to have made it expandable you know for beyond that but we really you know the deductive alternates that we're talking about we're really to go with a more simple roof line to eliminate some concrete that's going to be behind the setback this is at the horse arena property that's already has a you know pretty nice fence there um so despite scrubbing the project and despite um despite scrubbing it and despite getting the you know the five million dollar grant we found ourselves in a situation that it's more so uh Susan and I have already sent communication to the water sector commissioner what we're seeking is um to get more grant money we did some numbers I think our ask is reasonable um of course this was this was a competitive bid process when we applied for it um we scored really well um we scored well for several reasons one of them was because we uh committed to a pretty decent match we committed to a 76% match so for every dollar and grant we are receiving we're committing to put up 76 cents of you know equal so it was pretty competitive uh I think Susan did not stand in job with the application and hence the reason it scored well so our ask um is that we get we're asking for 50% more on the grant uh while keeping our match the same dollar amount so in essence it lowers our match to like 51 or 52 cents on every dollar so um I guess tonight I'm really just wanting to give you an update about it we have I believe 45 days to actually award the bid um that would put us still within the wind of the June council meeting and I hope uh buy then uh if not sooner I'll have a proposal for you and the funding mechanisms um to be able to to um execute accepting the low bid on this project so we also have some that's I think going to help us with our scoring a little bid if you recall y'all gave me authorization to uh service those two neighborhoods off of Bonan and the unincorporated area uh think that that also boasts our advantage because it's like can be considered a consolidation of systems and that system was having performance issues uh so um we think that we have a compelling argument um to do now of course this is just a water treatment plant we still have the elevated storage tank some interconnections some other components that we need to do but for today we're really just look we're planning them all the water storage tanks ready to go as well but we're wanting to release these out for bidding making sure that we're not getting the head of our self with the finances as well so really just wanted to give you guys an update and uh and I'll keep you posted you know on our success with the water sector commission and seeking more funding so any questions about that or what kind of where we are and that we've been waiting on this for sometime this project's been planned for years so um all right well if this it's Susan do you have anything else relative to this or no I don't okay uh well if I could since we're talking about water I just want to take a moment um and I acknowledge Terry in a second to talk but our water superintendent is here Alex meseral and I want to just acknowledge our utilities director I'm so proud I'd have Alex on the team of course a man is here one of our supervisors and public works as well but DHH I guess it is does LDH does grading of water systems that's something new that started last year and Alex made me a commitment that he'd have both of our water systems in an A status and we got the grades released May 1st and they both our wholesale water system and our youngs will produce system both were in A on May 1st so it's by no means a victory lap because as you just heard we have a lot of work to still do in water uh in sewer but I'm just so proud that under Terry's leadership we've been able to assemble a phenomenal team that I couldn't be more proud of from their uh from their certifications and the work that they're putting in day to day so Terry I just wanted to give you an opportunity as well okay just kind of give everybody a little history on this a few years back we uh we decided to kind of reach out and see what we needed as far as for a utility department we're growing so much to kind of separate some of the public works uh jobs versus utilities job and you know we we put out some information out there on qualifications and all that and then this light bulb went off and say hey wait we got these guys already and they've been here for a few years Alex actually has his level fours and water across the board um and then we have a few more members uh Stesson Peters he's not here tonight he has his level threes we have a way jaminette that has his level twos and of course we have a man that which is in public works that uh she has a level one so we we stacked up as far as for personnel with certifications uh one of our other members in water uh cane truss claire is one of our younger incoming incoming uh training with Alex and so we're we're hoping to build that uh that team even stronger so yeah my hats off to him a lot of work and if you ever dealt with DHH it's a lot of work a lot of paperwork a lot of checks and balances so uh you know i'll applaud and great job yeah thank thank you Alex and Amanda the whole team uh Amanda's our line locator and if you don't our works in line locating not to stay only one but if you uh a community that's grown as fast as we are the number of 811 calls that we get on our utility system are just off the charts so uh if you've ever needed a line mark chances are Amanda's had some involvement with it but she's also taking a lot of time to she's taking ownership of our of our GIS system to where of its her responsibility to ensure that uh as built from the developers are being imported into our GIS system properly uh so that way when we assume the infrastructure from our developers uh we know exactly where the valves are where the lines are because in the event of an emergency we want to make sure that we can isolate the lines as best as possible so uh she's just just one tough cookie but uh anyway thank you guys appreciate y'all being here and appreciate y'all doing the hard work and i know that uh when we do get uh this bit accepted and under construction that we're going to be in good hands so thank y'all very much all right agenda item 5.4 is a annexation consideration for 196 acre development located in the 500 block of Shim and Agriabh Mr. Mike come on up so council similar to you know typically with an annexation it has to be voted on twice it is done by ordinance uh but similar to some of our more dense developments uh we're basically hearing those similar we're hearing those before there's a lot of work put into it uh Mike's put a lot of work into this project but i wanted to bring it before you um dependent upon your action tonight whether or not it can proceed you know through the annexation route but this Mr. Mike's Senator's due diligence period and uh wanted to give him an opportunity to come speak to you guys um if you if you don't recognize Mr. Shamsey he is the developer of long-line rigid states which is at the corner of Shim and Agriabh in Giat Road which is getting very close to final plating so um great to see you again thank you yes on uh long-line rigid states again sorry Mike Shamsey landmark engineering group also uh president and owner of DLM holdings of Wyoming which is the developer for long-line rich and uh I talked to Kevin today from dsa and we're supposed to have the final plat to you next week awesome so all the lots are pinned and we're ready to go and we're doing some uh utility relocations a few things because we went from 72 lots to 65 lots so we downsized it a little bit made a lots a little larger and uh looking at six homes coming out of the ground uh in gym they're being designed by uh two different architects and Latvian so and i'm working with uh Rusty Brissard from Raging Cation Construction he'll be our exclusive builder there so if anybody wants to build there by lots i have to go through Rusty so that's the plan on that subdivision yeah it's going to be a phenomenal development i mean we've been working on this for several several years forever um and and appreciate the partnership too because as part of this is also going to be land for our future fire department so we're we're thrilled to put that as well and that land donation to the cities coming with that plat yes sir so um what so let's go on to uh the 196 acres so we have under contract uh three different parcels and a total of approximately 196 acres bordered on shim and agriab uh Dante road and guillot so we border all three of those roadways so i've been working with the mayor and like the mayor said we're doing a lot of due diligence um there's a sizable roadway contribution that's expected from us we have a sizable cost in the lift station and a force main to the regional lift station so we're talking a million dollars there and then we're talking i i asked the mayor to have Suzanne do some modeling of the water system uh the way it's right now we're at 500 gallons a minute and the fire chief 170 the only way we're going to accomplish that is uh over sizing some of the mains coming down Dante road from the future elevated water storage so the subdivision across the street they didn't have to do any water main looping and you know i think there's a little short-sightedness on that development that's that they should have been required to do some but now it's all in our back so we're going to be extending the main along shimman all the way to uh to dante lakes and then once we develop the southerly portion we'll have to bring it all the way down Dante road and then the development there so that's another 400 600 thousand and the roadway improvements are about 750 thousand contribution has been requested on us and on top of that uh with the proposed development the way we have it approximately 600 homes another two million dollars and impact fees so you can see it's it's approaching five million dollars on this development and that's why we're trying to do all our due diligence up front try to give everything negotiated ahead of time because we never expect it to be this type of uh infrastructure improvement off site but we don't want to go and close on land that we're not for sure going to get annexed to the city because truthfully if it ain't coming in the youngsville the lands not work nothing to us right so you know kudos to the city of youngsville but that's where the values at in the city it's not in the parish so yeah and uh council this conversation probably started easily 60 days ago i wanted to wait until uh until tonight to bring it forward to you some of us may have had you know individual conversations about it the objective from for me in getting a level of comfort to bring it to you this evening was really twofold um what threefold you could say one ensuring that we have adequate water pressure because as you saw we're we're getting infrastructure costs that are exceeding our budget and exceeding our expectations um and that are also contingent upon future improvements happening uh the water plant does in fact are in you know the the storage tank the elevated storage tank at 440 dates on which is roughly between like oak shadows and wells landing on the bayou park produce side um you know we've done a lot of had a lot of conversations with Susan who runs our water model about how long can we wait before building it and so forth but we're at a level of comfort that we do have adequate water pressure there if we don't do the elevated storage tank today um or in the you know the imminent future so it's uh i might a level of comfort to present anything to you to tell you that water pressure will be adequate um because we are moving forward we will be moving forward with the new plant um secondly is fire protection you know we certainly don't want to while we appreciate Mrs. James's contribution uh we don't want to have a secondary issue of inadequate water pressure in the event of an emergency um Mr. Chamsy is a civil engineer as well so um he had some creative solutions in the water modeling like you said to up size you know uh water main sizes and things like that to help deliver the the you know the desired gallons per minute that was requested by a chief revet and then finally you know as you know um Shem and Agriab is part of our road improvement project series uh that we have um under planning today um i do have a i do have a new outlay for it in my office i welcome any of y'all to come visit and i can show it to you um we do have p5 money for capital outlay um if that p5 capital outlay is advanced the way it is today um our 25% match on just that p5 was uh going to be near two million dollars um and it's a kind of a deplorable you know road today to be adding more traffic to it uh so that's why in conversations with the developer um you know we talked about a betterment for the road for road necessary road improvements that would be used for Shem and Agriab so i think I have it in about as best a posture as I can you know for your consideration um you know this evening this initially was not in our you know plan area you know of annexation um you know in order to get to our uh population build that that we did in our water modeling i think was really well as bi-demographer but i think it was really more focused on the inward building um but it is contiguous so it presents itself in a position you know that could be um you know suitable so that's where we are tonight councilman shampoen thank you mayor uh my question is so that the what we're going to vote on tonight as annexation is contingent upon meeting all the requirements that you have outlined yes with mr shamsi yes ma'am so the property as i appreciate it's under due diligence today um i think i've got it in the right posture that would be beneficial for the taxpayer of young zoda consider accepting the property um but yes that's correct i would agree so what what i'm asking you to do for consideration is to give mr shamsi a level of assurance that he can move forward you know with uh move forward with his due diligence of course he'll have to come back we'll have to go through the annexation process you know so it'll become back to you at at least twice to vote on it um because there are multiple parcels and things like that so you know it'll be it'll be a process to get it acquired into the city limits but we've discussed the the capital development fee structure the road betterment uh you know the requirement for fire protection water service um and we seem to be in a good you know a good good agreement with those variables at the appropriate time there if there aren't any other questions i'll move to favourable okay yes ma'am are there any uh council questions before yeah let me uh okay yes uh uh miss let's see which buzz in for me and i'll just get you on the all right thank you um yes so the the route of annex the route of annexation uh miss barez would be on the northern right here and might be easier for me just to show you okay like on the northern the northern frontage that's contiguous that is a shaman agriab is a city road between daton and guillot so um as a result it lends itself to be contiguous to be able to come down these parcels would be able to be annexed without accepting um daton or guillot daton daton and guillot are not city roads south of shaman agriab isn't been longmanese property annexed into that we're going to yes so i'm curious to him too okay yeah yeah so if it's touching is too then that would be yeah that would be suitable okay uh see thank you miss barez you miss the rameira and mishams agriab done uh i know it's very preliminary but your intent is to essentially have three separate neighborhoods per se correct um we have 180 lots which would be a mixed uh size on the east 162 on the plan now on the north and then we're proposing a 250 lot gated community on the south which will be lots of 80 to 100 foot wide okay by 100 that when i look at that one that one's going to be your separate insurance separate and not connected to the other team yeah that was my concern really gated and i know it's preliminary but i just wanted to hopefully you're going that direction and look that way yes um i'm with uh miss shampon you know when she's ready to make a motion i'm ready to second so motion and a second uh to but oh i'm sorry uh miss shampo you were comfortable with me saying that you're making the motion okay all right thank you uh so miss shampo i made a motion to i guess move favorably on the annexation consideration as presented provided that it meets the requirements as outlined by the administration okay and mr. rameiro seconds that okay any further council discussion or comment about it any public comment any public comment or question so depending upon the council's action tonight what with this would do just give the developer piece of monity can continue move forward move forward clearing this hurdle off of uh his due diligence and then of course it would be coming back for the not only the annexation process uh but the the preliminary plaid process everything that you've grown accustomed to in a traditional subdivision of property so all right uh there's no public comment miskidgery please call for a vote all in favor motion approved all right thank you mine all right resolution six point agenda item six point one resolution twenty twenty four zero seven a resolution adopting rules and procedures relative to the americans with disabilities act have a motion by council member bulls yano and a second by council member rameiro is there any council comment or question any public comment or question this is just outlining procedures uh that Nicole is adopting from the LMA so all right there's no public comment miskidgery please call for the vote all in favor motion approved all right gen item six point two's resolution twenty twenty four zero eight a resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of yung zoo to execute an amendment to a wholesale water agreement with lafayette city parish consolidated government to provide service to an unincorporated portion of metterie place subdivision so uh council what you have here before you is uh the this is metterie place subdivision is uh at the corner of uh shimman metterie and vla road at the vla roundabout it's under construction there's homes under construction today but in your packet you'll notice there's a uh there's a yellow dash line that runs on the rights rights out of your of your screen of your um handout so basically what it does is it's cutting off approximately like ten lots on the bottom right i have encountered them but approximately ten homes in the bottom right those are within the incorporated or unincorporated area of st martin parish so that st martin's jurisdiction um my request you know was that the developer and from preliminary plot our request was out uh the developer work with the um st martin parish government uh to service or facilitate that area um my goal was to get it annexed into the city limits of yung zoo within st martin parish to where we would have you know ten homes roughly within our city limits that are part of st martin parish unfortunately those meetings have have proven to just not be productive uh with st martin parish i think they're um they just weren't uh ex weren't open to the concept um i do feel like we have an obligation to work with this developer here um he did make several modifications to his design um his lots initially on the on the initial layout were closer on shim and metery and uh while he's never reminding me of this i'm reminding myself i think initially the pond was going to be in that back corner um but at my request he flipped it to make it a better curva peel coming in on shim and metery and that's why you have the pond and the nice decorative fence and sidewalk along that road and then also the developer was extremely kind in uh working with this that corner that at the top left on the round about is a piece of property that was donated to the city at my request for the development by the development so uh where it stands today is um mayor president boulay and i have met and discussed this uh parish council member stansberry and uh what they're willing what lcg's willing to do or l us is willing to do is to basically amend our wholesale water agreement that would allow us to service these homes outside of our city limits um we do have one other arrangement where we do that and that's for geot village south uh which is right near the property that we just annexed there was no available water source there so we got a uh l us agreement to where we could service those lots what happens there is basically for shim and ugly are for uh geot village we have one meter and we so we have one meter we have one customer here um the way this would work uh dependent upon your your vote this evening would be that we would actually be servicing those ten lots so we would just have ten more customers um in this area the agreement that we that you just authorized on bonan at a recent meeting uh to take in those windy heights and windy meadows neighborhoods that's also would just be one meter so we'd have one customer and their water system is buying the water wholesale from us uh same as geot village so this one would be our first one unique where we would actually be servicing selling the or renting the meters and establishing accounts for homes in this bottom corner as they develop mr. Ramara uh motion move on resolution number 2024 dash 0408 all right thank you sir miss champon second all right any council comment or question any public comment okay if there's no public comment mischiedry please uh call the vote all in favor motion approved all right thank you council will continue moving forward on getting that uh handled ordinances tonight for introduction there's two a jennad of 7.1 is ordinance 489 2024 in ordinance of the city of yung zville Louisiana a mini in chapter 24 utilities of the code of ordinances establishing the requirements for permitting directional boring operations what this is just briefly for the public's benefit um in framanda this is um utility easements are all riddled all over our city these utility companies it's kind of a necessary evil we need them we want them we want the latest and best fiber and upgrades to telecom and so forth but this really prescribes some procedures that we expect when these utility companies are going to be working within our utility with within our utility systems I mean our utility easements um there's two things that we're mostly concerned with water lines when a directional bore hits a water line we'll typically know about it right away because water is everywhere and Alex and his team have to respond and fix the water repair and we always try to push off that expense back on to the you know the company doing the work um that's why precise as precise as we can line locating is important because of course you know they we're talking about underground utilities but the next one that's a little bit more um kind of like the silent one is sewer when a directional boring for a fiber line I'm using fiber as an example we're not picking on a particular company but fibers typically what we see going to a development post development and they'll hit a sewer line and what happens in those sewer lines is that contributes to i and i issues on that sewer line and we don't know about it right away uh but what we do find out over time as we smoke test the lines we're seeing deficiencies in the lines that we attribute to boring so this really puts a process in place including fines mistakes can happen but here what we do we're going to make sure that that operator you know is a qualified operator to handle the equipment and it imposes a fine schedule if it becomes a pattern of reoccurrence that we can attribute to being careless so miss champine motion to approve ordinance number 489 2024 all right thank you miss champine miss boroughs second all right thank you met many council comment or discussion any public comment mr. shamsie is there a requirement in the ordinance that after they do therefore in the area of a sanctuary sewer line that that might get spedial you know if anybody was going to ask that i figure you would because you do things very thorough um i'm gonna give you a copy of the ordinance we don't we don't have that today in it but we did toss it around in contemplated we still trying to balance that being easy to work with this is only being introduced it's only being introduced so it'll come back at the June meeting for adoption so i'm gonna give you a copy of the ordinance and if you have any feedback on it i think the council would welcome that feedback you don't know about it it could be 10 years where you find that hole in the main yeah why are you gonna know right away but a sewer you're not gonna hold yeah Susan shaking her head and we we we agree because what happens public work spends a considerable amount of time chasing sinkholes sinkholes are a lot of times attributable to failing utility lines and when we go and do an investigation and you know actually open up the first obligation we try to make it safe uh but typically that's only buying you time but when we go do further investigation that's when it's typically discovered you know so i don't disagree with you yeah because you know like i'm not something we have to video all our lines so we know the condition of right now right when they come in and they start putting the fire in there they get something yeah yeah mr. shams he does have a good point just for y'all i mean for just for consideration before we accept before we'll accept his infrastructure in his neighborhood as he's gearing towards final plat garrard will actually sit there and watch the video of the sewer lines to ensure that there's no penetration into it yeah yeah we have the issue one storm surlein that they can they have to go back and do a repair yeah what's caught the video yeah so but i'll get you a copy and we welcome any feedback on it so sousan i don't think i gave you a copy of it so all right there's a motion on a second any other public comment all right miskidri please call the vote all on favor motion approved all right thank you agenda item 7.2 is ordinance 357.2 2024 in ordinance amending ordinance 357.1 2013 performance land use regulations within the city limits of the city of young zoole Louisiana the objective here council for the public i mean we use a land use system you saw it you saw kind of an interpret you know our interpretation of that chart by evaluating the proposed business earlier next to another business what we're proposing to do on this you'll see it outlined in the text of the ordinance we're asking to reclassify several streets into another category other major collector or major arterial so that would trigger a another grid to determine the conflict conflict level but i would encourage you to maybe go through it you know this is only for introduction if you have any other feedback on it we can make modifications on it up to the time of adoption the goal of this is really just to try to reserve as much property as we can for potential commercial development that and also to you know really just have our best foot forward for developers to see where do we want to encourage development where do we want to be more restrictive less restrictive so we're we're proposing several changes to it but it can certainly be amended you know to your pleasure so we're also working on a project to where that map will be updated with the GIS layer so in doing that what we would do is have it as a GIS layer on our website to where you'd be able to tell you know put if you put that layer on to like an overlay onto our map you'd be able to see what district of subject properties in and then in the future if we as we annex properties you know we're going to make it a more concerted effort to designate that property that properties land use at the time of annexation consideration. All right Ms. Volgiana motion all right Ms. Champagne second all right thank you ma'am any other council comments or question any public comment or question all right Ms. Gidry call the vote please all in favor motion approved all right thank you all right staff announcements Tim you have any updates for the council you want to share for a sport program the last two days for install all this side of day we have two weeks left in our regular season the spring adult sugar beach league continues and we'll open registration for the summer league on Monday F&A Plague football games continue and then under the sports for all the deadline is tomorrow we have over 86 players registered and 76 buddies registered so we'll probably end up having three different age groups for those for those players the rec center we have Arca's graduation tomorrow night and then the crew crew lobby this cookoff is will be on Saturday and then especially under the specially registered the park the PIXA splash park is open now perfect all right thank you Tim Germany do you have anything that Pam asked you to yeah I can just go over the projects real quick highway 89 the contractors ordering pipe and building the drainage structures on the fortune road around about the contractor is wrapping up the excavation associated with the detention pond he'll be constructing outfall pipe and installing the drainage pipe and catch basin in the next few weeks then working at the then beginning work on the roadway base shaman agriab as the mayor mentioned we submitted a new option to him to move forward and hopefully we move forward with the praise of property highway 92 in Prescott we're moving forward with the designs and plans preparation on the 2024 roadway improvements project we plan to advertise for bids on May 30th and this was this would allow us to take bids on June 27th regarding the FEMA CAV response we're working on the FEMA modeling on I believe LaSalle Cooley and doing the mapping we're currently working on the LWI and on Cooley project we are planning submitting the H&H study this month requiring permission to do geotechnical investigations and the archeological dig for the preferred site currently working on plans and specs and those are roughly 30% complete and I think that's it. Do you mention LaRivier? I did not that was submitted she's left that one off the list yeah that's okay. LaRivier was submitted to DOTD and I know they're currently looking at it. Yeah so just for everyone's benefit we've been working and that's a grant we're working on that project for a long time but South of Rivier will be from Shimon Metery all the way to the Flashtrain Red Light it's a very exciting project I think it'll be transformational as a North South corridor force it's in it's ready really DOTD's doing one more set of reviews on it and they'll be ready to go to bid the opinion of probable cost is over what DOTD had budgeted as well as we did but we're looking at potentially this may be a place that we can utilize our outstanding credits to where we won't have to come out of pocket any of it that project is moving taking the existing two nine foot lanes and creating two 12 foot lanes closing in the ditches making a curbing gutter raising the road particularly where it crosses the LaSalle Cooley crossing near the Flashtrain Red Light and installs a sidewalk I believe from investment all the way to Southside or maybe even a Shimon Metery I don't recall but it's really a great project the price unfortunately is ballooned to just shive nine million dollars so that's that is a real main event and the one one projects that aren't covered Neil Shafers report says really there's no action Neil Shafers there's two projects that they were assigned with I'll just cover them quickly the the tractor roundabout those plans are completed they finished the design of them if the house built to the capital out they bill signed the way it is today will be in good standing to start that project as soon as it would make its way through the bills to have to clear the Senate has to clear the governor's signature the bond commission and will be in a position where we can put that project hopefully out to bid you know as soon as the bond commission meets maybe later this year that's for the double lane roundabout the East Milton corridor project due to the significant utilities along that project that cost has also ballooned somewhere around 15 million is my appreciation so McBade applied for a federal grant on that project for us that we're excited about because that again is probably our only hope that we'll be able to get that corridor done the way it is now and that's from fuel crest all the way up to like route 92 widening double lane on that roundabout we're also partnering with Bruce Ard on a new project and that's for the roundabout at the flash in red light at Young Street in South La Rivire so that's a separate grant funding and another firm that's handling that for us but that grant application is doing about a week so we hope to be in good position hopefully be you know in a good spot to see something happen there so Susan pretty much covered everything she's working on the only thing that she that she didn't mention because it wasn't relevant at the moment was we do have some in addition to the sewer plant you know the water the sewer plant is getting near the final plans still I'm track to have that advertised for bid later this year we did pull the pump station we have several pump stations I need to be upgraded we pulled them off of that funding source and we have one that's going to be going out to bid with capital outlay money as soon as facility planning gives us the green light that's the upgrade pump station 4 which has been a long time in the making so a lot of move in pieces still so all right any other staff announcements Terry or Katherine we are working on the budget we started that process Katherine I had extensive review today bringing in the historical numbers getting really well set up for that and she's going to be meeting with our directors over the next week or two so we'll be be able to be in a position to adopt a budget for the new fiscal year that starts July 1st so any council announcements misshaunpai thank you mayor first of all I'd like to congratulate Katherine she's a newlywed so congratulations I'd like to wish all moms a happy mother's day and congratulate all of our graduates in young steel thank you thank you ma'am are there any other council announcements so this Saturday is the Gary P Williams memorial cookoff jumbalaya cookoff it's going to be at the sports complex that's a for crew livey due and they decided this year to benefit recent graduates that are going to trade schools which I think is a great place that we should be investing y'all know Gary was a contractor he was a handyman and I think that he would make him proud to know that the proceeds from his from this fundraiser and his honor are going to help develop kids in that trade I want to wish Shannon the happy birthday coming up soon on the 16th and thank everyone in the military it is military appreciation month in the month of May so is there any other business any other comments yes ma'am just a teacher appreciation yes ma'am it is yeah thank you good catch thank you all right if there's no if there's no other business is there a motion to adjourn all right a motion by mr. Romero so second second by misbara's all in favor say aye all right meeting adjourn thank you so much and hope everybody has a great evening meeting adjourn