 you you you you you you you you you All right. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for coming. I'm going to be here to ask you a special meeting of the Youngsville City Council Friday, August 22nd. The meeting is called to order. I'd like to ask Councilwoman Barra to lead us in an invocation and also lead the Pledge of Allegiance. Dear Heavenly Father, as leaders of our growing city, we are gathered here tonight asking for your gardens and wisdom in making decisions. We are in a knowledge, understanding, and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at Thy mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. Guide us in following your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic, to which it stands, one nation, under God, in individual, with liberty and justice for the nation. This is for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Mr. Barra. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Mr. Nyland. Here. Ms. Schauhan. Here. All right. Thank you. Nicole. One item on the agenda this morning, it's 3.1. Reconsider a variance to wave. Section 1079, two of the Code of Ordnance is to allow. The Alarm Stone driveway around the east side of Southside High School's stadium. I appreciate that. Council, I appreciate y'all coming in this morning. I felt that it was important to revisit this item in order to be able to paint a broader picture of the school systems. Intention about how that space will be used. Not only today, but long term, as the stadium comes to completion. I know I don't have to tell you that our constituents are very excited about this project coming to completion. Never did I think that we would have three high school football stadiums in the city limits of young zoo, but how exciting that is. As a community that prides ourselves on youth athletics as a demand generator for our economy. And also, as youth athletics to have our public and our residents something to do, it certainly excites me a lot to know the opportunity that we're going to have here just in our backyard. The reason I'm asking you to hear a little bit more from the school system this morning is because I think the request is reasonable once you know more of the big picture. So, who would like to maybe address for Superintendent? Thank you for being here, sir. Thank you, sir. First of all, thank you guys for coming back to the table and just kind of just hearing from, first of all, my apologies that we probably should have had someone here. We should have had someone that you could have asked questions to. You could have kind of get it got a broader picture and that's what I'm hoping to be able to accomplish today. The first thing that I will tell you just as I've said to you in the past is that I truly believe that every one of our communities needs to have the same access to facilities as everyone. And that has been the focus of what we've tried to do here. As you can see, the stadium is coming to completion. We've been at about a 5,000 capacity stadium to where it's going to be one of the biggest stadiums in Latvia parish as far as high school is concerned. And part of what we're trying to do is we're rushing a lot of different things and we're trying to get all of this done because listen, note a name against outside is going to be that first game. We really want to make sure that the community has something to be proud of and they actually are going to for the first time play on their home field. And it's just going to be a very exciting time. So would that be considered? I want you all to know and I know what you deal with as a city councilman. I know what you deal with as a mayor. There are budgets and there are certain things that you need to approve and you need to make sure that things are where it needs to be. We are in that same boat as far as the school system. And what I want you to know is that this is just phase one of what we are trying to do at Southside High School. You know that we got to get the stadium done. We have to get kids in there. We have to start getting kids to use this facility and stop getting them. I'm going to St. Martinville or going to Como or going outside of the community to where when they sit into that stadium, it's now going to benefit each and every one of you. I say that is because I want you to know that the plans for the Southside of that stadium going toward Schimm and Mettery all of that land. I want you to know that just as a side note, part of that land on Schimm and Mettery, I am working with the mayor and his team. And we're going to start leasing that particular property for businesses to actually come and be a part of this community. We have that working. We're already getting that approved as far as property that we can start marketing and so on and so forth. And the board believe it or not, our board has already put forth the effort and says, yes, move forward. So with that being said, South of that particular stadium, there is sugar cane land. And there is right across the road. That is where phase two is going to be as far as putting additional parking. The very first thing that I will tell you right now and all I can go on is what I see at other high schools because they go to a lot of different events throughout the actual district is, you know, I go back to and I say, OK, the cadiana Karen Crow game. I see a lot of big rivalries and I see all of those kids and I see all of the people and where they're parking. I truly believe that Southside what it has right now probably has more parking as far as on the other side of the school just paid parking than any other school. And I'm anticipating is that there are going to be there's going to need to be a lot more. And the only way we're going to find out is what what's going to end up happening when we open that stadium. So part of what I am looking at is trying to gauge what we're going to need and know that we own a lot of land and that is where we want to go with as far as additional parking. The question today is what exactly are we trying to do behind the stadium. Listen, if you know anything about athletics, you try to take these bigger vehicles out of places to where you can park vehicles. And I got to think about two to three buses for football teams. I have to think about the ban. I got to think about several different events. That particular area behind that stadium is not going to be accessible to the public. This is not a public road. This is going to be something where buses are going to station behind there so that they could have access adjacent to that stadium. And we're going to help us with traffic that we're going to be able to save as far as the the actual parking lots are concerned. We're looking at putting at least 60 feet off the road of concrete. Of concrete. And then from there we were looking at graveling that road there. And then there's a difference in price as you can about imagine from going with gravel and then going to asphalt or whatever we would go to. So I am asking for y'all to understand that this is not going to be that's going to it's going to have there are people are not going to have access public cannot park here. Out of sight. This is behind the stadium and believe it or not it's going to be gated. It's going to be gated where people cannot even get into there because I need to protect those buses. I got I got to make sure that when kids are leaving personal items in those buses when they're leaving certain things as far as cheerleaders are concerned. I got to make sure that people don't have access to behind that stadium. So that is what the purpose of what that what we were asking is that we would be given the opportunity to save money and that aspect because guys it's going to be a big ticket item that we're going to be putting forth as far as going south and trying to establish more parking and you're probably saying why don't we do that now. Well, first of all, I need to gauge first of all whether or not what is needed and what is not needed. And again, I keep going back to an Akadiana Caron Crow game and I see all of these people just packed into the stadium and they're parking all over. Well, people are telling me you think that is something when we have a south side game that's going to be home against new today for the first time. So it's going to give us at least some opportunities to be able to see where we are. But the one thing I can tell you is that I feel like we have the budget to be able to expand into that area of the south side and it's definitely something that I want you all to know that's our future plans. So I'll field whatever questions you guys have. I want you to know again what we're asking is that we are allowed to do what we're asked where we're at the 60 feet of concrete off of the road. And then the remaining would be actual gravel to where again not accessible to anyone but buses. And it's going to definitely be something that's going to be gated to where we can protect what is being stored out there. Thank you superintendent. I know we have a couple council comments. Thank you for bringing up the fact about the development around the property. I know I haven't made any public comments about this but the superintendent is correct that Haley, myself and the team at leader have been working with the superintendent and his team to really come up with a plan. And look, it's not a new idea. This is something that's been talked about that land has been studied. I mean, there is Pam shaking her head. She's on the leader board. I mean, this is something that's been going on for a long time. The climate just wasn't right at the time. You know that we tried to get easement on that property to to improve drainage. And we were unsuccessful in doing so. So we went just downstream and we did. We were able to get that property just south. But this does open a great opportunity. The school system is our second largest landowner here. And they're really sitting on some excellent property where the Schimmengmerry Parkway with water with sewer available. It's our closest property to highway 90 where we're seeing a lot of expansion in industry recently. So I think superintendent, you're bringing up an excellent point. I think when we look at that entire area and what really the need in the demand is there, I would rather see you have a full toolbox of opportunity and solutions because I would suggest that some of that money we're asking you to do today maybe may have a better investment on that property at large. And I'll go in and say all of you and look, I understand that the school board in the past has not been very cooperative and has really listened. I will tell you that there is a relationship that we have with your mayor with these school board members that is at the right point where guys we're not getting any resistance. We are making sure that the kids at Southside High School, the kids within the community of Youngsville are going to get what it needs to because it's whatever other city and whatever other area of this district is doing. So I really believe that we have a great thing happening right now. I want you to know that I'm very proactive like this board would have 10 years ago would have never even thought about opening up this as far as development and saying that hey, we're going to let that property and shim and battery be leased out and we're going to go ahead and just try to encourage businesses to come into Youngsville. So again, my ask is again, just know that there is a bigger picture here. There is definitely something that, you know, I want to make sure that we are focused on the expansion of parking lots outside of that stadium. So what we're asking right now is just to kind of understand what the use of what we're asking behind the stadium is for so that we can kind of move forward because believe it at this all time stand, that's why I kind of my guys behind me are getting word for me, I got to get this thing moving because listen, that product that we're going to produce at Southside High is going to be, it's going to be noticed by your constituents, your constituents are going to see exactly what the Lafayette Parish School System is actually providing for them. All right. Thank you, sir. Councilmember Nielin has has the floor. Yeah, so we had this new document that was put out in front of us with the plans for the parking and it kind of goes perfectly with what my initial idea was coming into this meeting. I've spoken with a lot of people within the parish because obviously whatever decision we make today doesn't just affect the citizens of young's village to affect everyone within Lafayette Parish depending upon how taxpayer dollars are going to be spent. Honestly, no one I've talked to is supported asphalting all the way to the back. I haven't had a single person that has supported that idea. In looking at this, my initial motion would have been to extend the cement asphalt driveway that you're already going back 60 feet actually to the edge of where this parking lot is now showing on the map, which goes just past the concession stand. I would like to potentially see that you go ahead and asphalt that one parking lot leave it off limits for this season, put that there, put your gate up and then do your limestone to the back, gravel to the back. I'm not worried about asphalt going beyond that point. As you said, it will be gated off. It will not have public access. If it has a gate, it shouldn't be visible from the roadway. I know we have other businesses within the city that have gravel behind gated areas that are not visible to the public. So that holds true in other things that we've already approved or other things that have already come through the city. So if the parish, the public school system has the capacity to extend that to the edge of the parking lot that's shown there with the gate, I don't see any reason why we couldn't get on board with that, especially with the fact that we have a group where we're building a great relationship with y'all. I love the idea of the plans that you've presented with expanding parking. And as you said, man, you've been a go getter since you've got in there. Super appreciative of that. So I hope we can come to a common ground today. Thank you. I just want to make sure I did a good job of explaining that I tell you what this is as it's been presented to me. This is I understand that the lavender area is all going to be for future construction. None of this is intended to be built today. The only thing that's intended to be built today would be the dark, the dark gray on the northern driveway, which is the, which is the 60 feet. If you if you recognize that, I just want to make sure that everybody else is seeing the same thing. The lavender areas all is all future parking. And I think with Mr. Hammer, the architects pointing out is really what is being asked to be constructed today, the dark gray is the concrete area today or the hard surface area. And then it's from that point back. So yeah, what's being passed out today is what is being proposed today. And then the purple is what. That's like an extra, I don't know, 150 feet. Maybe. Okay. So I think to maybe a piece others who have maybe less favoritism towards the limestone or gravel. Yeah, I would hope that that would maybe calm some potential issues. It becomes a time and you know, for example, we're trying to get this done to relieve the buses off of the road now. So to change those plans and to adjust that now is going to push us back further. And then we have more games where we just don't have access to the road back. Let me know the drainage and. So this is a Josh Fountain works with the with the district. He was the first coach of Salsa. Yeah, coach. And in the just to I guess I guess give you a number. So for us to do this whenever a say Salsa and a KDN are going to play each other. When a KDN shows up, they're going to have three varsity school buses. They're going to have a trailer and a truck for their football gear. The bands are going to show up in three buses and they're going to have two trailers for that. So you're looking at eliminating if you have to park these people in a regular parking at least 40 to maybe 50 spots, which puts those cars possibly further on the road. So our idea was let's get this part done the quickest to where we can relieve the bus traffic and the gear traffic out of our parking lot and it it's not like it doesn't add parking, but it directly affects them on a parking lot we have. So the plan like Mr. Shack is saying is always to make it the best and have the parking and finish that time money currently with the season coming. This is the idea to go forward with that so that gravel and I think I'm saying it's right will be replaced with when we go to do the parking like the permanent parking lot. But for now it's a it's a time and money issue to to get that done quickly to help relieve parking as fast as we can. Yeah, you will I'm sorry you write the gravel like you were saying your yours ask will be done eventually but to do it in the matter time that we need to do it just in a while. It would set us back quite months, a couple months. So you know, I think it's a good time to go back to the season. Mr. Nile and you still have the floor but if you if it's okay so really just that one lavender section right there that was presented is the really the only ask for gravel at this point. So it's the most pass where the gate would be where the lavender ends would you're still asking it to be gravel correct. Yes, okay, so we only the whole thing. We're only looking at a very small section to for a season until you can ask for all to then. Now all the way to the whole section. Yeah, no, I know going all the way. I don't care about everything running along the bayou like that can stay gravel. We're just talking about the one little section from the 60 feet that's going back to whatever gets past the concession stand you just need that section to be gravel for a season. That's for as I can't speak on when it will be funded that would be miss maybe a two-check question but the plan is to do it quickly. Yeah, or as adding that parking lot to there it's it's never been said we're not going to do that so yes. Like right now we need the whole thing gravel except for the 60 feet off of the road and then the first thing we'll do is add the parking to eliminate that 150 feet of parking lot to continue into the gravel. Right. Yeah, that was my understanding. That's why I said for everyone that I have spoken to there was no support for doing asphalt all the way to the back. So that's why when you said that you were going to gated off anyway. Then I really have zero problem with that. Yeah, there's no I mean this is only used by buses for visiting teams and just like they do it all the other stuff. They're comp mo their gravel and gravel and grass parking lot getting the buses and everything out of the way totally get absolutely. All right, you. You good sir. All right. Council members, Sean Pond. Thank you. Thank you, Mayor. My question is about the gate. When the gates are up, will you be able to see any of the gravel or be a full gate with you won't be able to see that behind the gravel or the limestone road. Right now it is mish fencing right our black vinyl fencing. But we can also we can always add screens or slats to cover that up. That's a that's always an option. Could that be done prior to this season when you'll put the gate up? Sure. Yeah, that's not that's an easy ask. And you know, like, uh, consul and nal and spoke about people are really concerned, which I don't blame them about using taxpayer dollars and wasting taxpayer dollars. Can that aggregate be used again like re re re re use when you do the as vote in that front parking lot when you're ready to do that. Can that aggregate be used to help? Yes. It will it will eventually will lay that up on top of the rock. Right. So it's not going to be removed and then we just wasted a year of gravel for no reason. Yes, ma'am. That's all we can say. And I really don't mind as long as it's going to be, um, I mean, I see this plan. I y'all do have this in the future to at least do that for import. I don't have a problem if you don't see it from the road. If you don't see any gravel or limestone, whatever, if y'all could accommodate that, you know, win, win, especially for this season, win screens or or fincelats can be added quite easily. Yes. Council member Ramaria. Yeah. Thank you all for being here and especially on Friday. How and this might be because I know Dr. Raabley was there at the beginning. Josh, I know you were in a different capacity. How when you're looking at Southside high school, how many feet wide from left to right? Is it roughly if you had a ballpark? The school itself. I don't know. What is that about three football, two football fields at least two and a half, three out of your. And look, I'm at Southside all the time in different capacities now as a parent, which is phenomenal. From right all of the school where the parking lot enters into by the practice field, the softball field and baseball field all the way to the bus lanes on the other side that is concrete. That is 100% gravel has been gravel from day one. The council everything was approved that way. We're looking at probably a third of the distance behind the stadium gravel, which works. I'm just trying to put that in comparison. It's worked for eight years now. Eight plus years. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So I mean, it's huge. And that's only used if I'm not mistaken by coaches and some faculty. Yeah, limited. I mean, from what I see, I see like 10, 12 cars. It's really. It maintenance. Maintenance. Maintenance. Maintenance. Yeah, they maintain it very well. The other part I was going to mention in Councilwoman Shampa and touched on this. You know, all of our ordinances take out the city of Yongezul from being held to that accountability. As far as most of our ordinances allow the sports complex, the water treatment plant, sewer treatment plant, to not have to abide by some of these ordinances. We are a tax receiving with the taxpayers pay for everything that city does much like LPSS school system. Southside is paid for by the residents by the taxpayers of the parish. After all this is done, I would love to see where our ordinances may be allow a little flexibility toward this as I come to us. Because it is a tax funded entity. I think it's going to be done right. I guess is what my last comment is from what I see from what I've heard. The distance of 60 plus feet. I mean, obviously, the only people are going to see that are people who are actually driving down that 60 feet of road. So far. And I mean, everybody's going to be looking at the massive stadium, the field house, concessions, the scoreboard and all that. So, yeah, I'm fully supportive of this. I think it's great. I appreciate y'all coming again. Yeah, I'm really hard time swallowing this on only because it was brought to us so late. I wish this would have been brought to us a lot sooner than having to make a decision on the fly, being pushed into a corner saying, you need to go, go, go. And if we push this off any longer, y'all are going to have time to get this done before the season. I can many for biting off a lot of which I'll bid off in the past and future with new schools and additions and remodeling. I think it's phenomenal. The problem I have is that along with fellow council members, I watch our council dismantle future business owners with wanting to build new businesses to bring money to the community over parking lots exactly what you're doing today. And you're telling me that putting a couple of green slats is going to solve everyone's issues, but the problem is that right before your ordinance, we shut down a business doing the same exact thing. How can I continue to tell business owners? No, we're not giving you a variance and then just because y'all are the largest landowner and we want to work in partnership that I might give you. Yes, it's not the personal. I don't even have a dog in this fight. I have no kids that go here. You know, I graduate high school in 2010. I went to come out. I dealt with the same issue. Then as they're doing now, but I didn't have a single constituent call me and tell me they were pro gravel. I don't know how can I continue to keep saying yes to certain people and then no to others because at the end of the day, they're going to bring in tax dollars, which I'm sure that our visitors will visit our restaurants and we'll be appreciative of that. But at the end of the day, how are we going to continue to separate that? I guess it's a question for my fellow constituent council members is how do we want to continue handling that because granting a variance when you want to just because and then not when you don't. I don't know the way I'm going to continue to do that. We look pretty ignorant because what you're saying here is it defenses okay. If you can't see it, it's okay with me. But the guy that wanted to park in line for his boat on the storage wasn't okay. So what's the difference? He had offense too. It was concrete the front and he had offense. He was, but that was one of them. I'm trying to, what I'm trying to solve here is that this answer is going to dictate how we handle everything else going forward. But you're just saying that because it's the school board. Fair points. What I would offer in response to you is that we're a community that has grown extremely rapidly. We're a community that has continues to place a tremendous amount of value and importance on infrastructure and ensuring that our infrastructure is not that growth is not a pastry our infrastructure. We are a community and a governing body that does not have a perfect set of ordinances. We're a governing body that I think collectively understands that we would like to we can be more than one thing at a time. We can be we can be easy to do business with while still maintaining aesthetic integrity and I'm going to give you an example of something that you're going to have at the September meeting. It's been previous council's desire which I supported to limit the use of metal as an exterior option on buildings. You have an ordinance. We have an ordinance in place today that 51% has to be other than metal. What I would offer to you because it's a very fair point. I would offer to you is that in September you're going to see three more options being brought to you to be added to be the included in the other than metal options because when I heard the ordinance come. We know what the intention was. We wanted to make sure that shimmy mettery parkway our new youngs or highway aren't you know just we wanted to make sure that we don't look back in two decades and have any regret. Nothing that was talked about that day had like structural value structural integrity. It was all about aesthetics. We've learned that there's other products so I'm working with some architects to write that are in our audience right now there's other products that will help achieve what we're asking for and provide greater flexibility to our residents. That's one example. What's not talking about the limestone in general but but I would certainly entertain as as as the administrator that sits with with businesses when they come before it comes to you guys. I'm open and I would certainly entertain an ordinance that does provide greater flexibility in terms of less than hard surface parking in certain applications but it's the council's obligation to to bring those suggestions forward and give us greater tools and the toolbox that we can actually apply to those that are seeking to do business with this. In some applications I would probably argue to you that it's that it's better for drainage in certain areas that are it may be it may be better to for a myriad of reasons. And again I would be remiss if I didn't share with you I mean that some of the own city project this is the reason we should do it some of our own city projects that government is not immune from cost inflations and cost increases. We are pushing a lot of infrastructure forward as well and we've come across the same concerns about are we are we being reasonable with the depth of concrete in these things we try to provide latitude to say bring us a geotech report that says eight inches of concrete is is is overkill. So this governing body makes the rules so they're imperfect and I would say that you know bring us more things to to to modernize these ordinances and I would be in support of them I'll leave you with this there was there was 12 years ago there was and there was a 60 acre track of property being developed. And there was some of my colleagues on the council the time that said oh my we don't like small lots we don't like small lots what's going on here the lots were I think 40 or 45 foot wide as well as landing I would tell you 12 years later I think that's that's a great neighborhood it's governed by a strong H.O.A. has good resell values but when I asked us what don't we like about it we don't you like about the 45 foot lots they just said well we just don't like it. So when we took that to the developers they came back and said we know what is most marketable so this is this was the long term solution what we said we said okay we're going to give you the flexibility to go down to 45 foot lots but just we want to make sure that it's not just purely a cost savings measure so you can do 45 foot lots but you're you need to you need to mitigate those negative points and come back with an amenity plan that may be. Trees aesthetics things that are better than some of our neighborhoods that have 70 foot wide lot so I guess what I'm sharing with you is that I think we need to allow ourselves the flexibility to have ordinances evolve over time and recognizing that they that they may not be perfect because I think mayor pro tem Boljana brings a fair point I mean how do we how do we distinguish between a business owner bringing bringing something to our community. And a government body because the prices are the same and I would probably argue in sometimes with government they may even be higher. You know because I can speak I know that's true with water with water and sewer right now because there's been a plethora of money interjected from the feds down to the state which is driven up those costs tremendously so. I'm sorry can I can I address the mayor pro tem so first of all I completely understand first of all and I I've said it to you before that never again when something happens with the school system that I will not be here to defend it but here's what I will tell you we're within a year of producing a product that I have been steadfast saying no longer should kids be going to say more and they'll no longer should kids be going to come back. We should not even be talking about this right now you're saying it's rush yes rush it's rush because I want to put to bed that eight years ago whatever was done and I can't go back to that that those kids were not given what they needed to. Yes it to be rush you know why I want to be rush because when you come to that game at Notre Dame and Southside you'll see these restaurants will be filled people will be in those restaurants after the game they will be tailgating on that spot I'm rushing it because it matters to those kids I'm going to go back to the use of this is going to be used five times a year during football season. Hopefully six or seven if we get into the playoffs the band may have band competitions to wear three or four times this is not going to be accessible to the public this is going to be gated off this is going to be something to where we can keep these buses out of the normal parking lot that would be taking on property listen guys trust me that I won't be able to do that. I'm going to do the best interest of young's bill to be at the table and I'm going to do everything I can to make sure this happens yes it's rushed you know what my job is rushed every day I got a sense of urgency every time I walk I wake up because you know what those kids at Southside deserve better the facilities that we're trying to develop over there I'm trying to put eight years to bed that that has not happened so I'm going to be able to do that. Again I understand there is a difference I understand the situations that put you in but I make decisions every day with forty four employees and I never black and white you know why because every situation is different and I have to look at the facts and everything involved when I make that final decision so I'm asking you guys to understand I know where you're at I know what it puts you in a situation listen I'm trying to put you in the next one. I'm going to produce a product here and I want to do something for our community that this needs to be done we need to make sure and listen I'm scared to death about what this is going to look like as far as parking I'm saying that we can do it at Karen Crow a Kiana but from what I'm hearing they're going to pack that stadium on that first game and it's going to be something that I got to make sure that I am prepared for and I'm going to gauge it and we're going to do it. We're going to have to start securing funding because I have property right there that that former is going to have to give it up because we're going to we're going to need to get additional parking and we're going to do it right it's going to be one of the best facilities in the state of Louisiana. Well, obviously this is nothing personal I think you've done a phenomenal job. I get that the why it's rush in which you've done in a year short short term span has been nothing short of a miracle. But just like you you think that people don't forget it's similar when it rains here in young zool one drop or 10 inches it's like 2016 flood every time they don't forget so be reminded that every day you go to work even though you're doing your best they will never forget that it took that long to get a stadium and it wasn't your fault but it is what it is and the way I look at it is like while I understand the purpose of it and I I get the functionality you won't see behind the fence like the people in young zool look they're they riot and the minute that we grant this the people that I talk to it's like it never ends it's like a concert reminder that will you granted this will now you get to do this when you get to do them to it's like I don't I don't know I get it and I understand both sides I hear I hear both ends but you want the one that let me you are now but you mean one of the people who are going to let me so then I don't know to me I just I'm trying to to come to the terms where where are we going to draw the line of the sand where are we going to go. draw the line in the sand where we're going to say what are we going to allow because of what it's going to produce. You know, whether a business owner produces $500 in tax dollars a year or a school brings in 4,000 people that are going to visit our restaurants is your dollars more than theirs because it's that much more not really. I mean in the grand scheme but I just I don't I don't know that we all appear are going to agree every time on that and I'm trying to figure out the only decision I can control is my is my yesterday and that's where I guess my principles and my values lie at because at the end of the day switching back and forth because of who's up at the stand is going to is really dictating that so that's I guess more frustrating for me but again I I commend you in which I've accomplished I think it's phenomenal I'm excited for the first game I think it's going to be tremendous for our students and athletes faculty staff and parents to support this club and I know it seems pretty tedious to have our gravel parking lot and it shouldn't be but it's sad that we've gotten to this point now today because of everything else before us so I'll yield the floor before I go to to miss jump I do want I do want the council and the public at large to know that the administration's continuing to work with the landowner for the RV storage that was denied last week we did meet with him he didn't just land and fall on a paper called an agenda for any of us to consider Pam and our team have met with them to kind of bring the ass down and we're continuing to do that and look it may still not it may still not happen but I but I want to make sure that we're working with him to kind of narrow the ask because I think that that's something that potentially in the right right circumstances if I can get it to where I'm comfortable you you'll see it again miss jump hello okay thank you superintendent I do have a couple things I fail to ask the gate will start at the beginning at the end of the asphalt on me not asphalt but concrete that's where the gate will start so it's going to hide that parking lot with the with the aggregate it's going to be oh at the road oh it's going to be at the road it'll be at the road sure it's going to be right it down that's it that's it's okay okay okay right so it's going to hide out the average it will find it and look I don't disagree with Constantine Volgiano yes that we there has to be that line I I feel however there's some things that make some common sense and I think there are things we probably need to look at that ordinance and correct you know when it's either not visible or as a good layer for drainage control in some instances when I disagree with with constant Volgiano that he brought out was last week the person that came before us well the we never got to the limestone driveway we we voted it down before because there was so many variances that he wanted and what I'm thinking that was a permanent uh building there was no temporary spoken about our future uh what could be done in the future in this instance the commitment is in the future that will be a hard surface parking lot when funds are available I look we all get it we government uh we do have to live within our means is what we're supposed to be doing I do understand that the school board has addressed a lot of issues and since you have been here superintendent good issues uh there's a new school built for laugh yet high we have southside has a stadium I know you've been working on you and your board have been working on giving teachers permanent pay raises all of those costs money uh and it's hard when you have to do that we as leaders however and I'm saying this on the city side should live our own rules so I do disagree that we as a city or anyone will come behind that as a government entity because it's taxpayer dollars that we don't live our own rules if we need something we need to change that then by law but uh I do believe we need to live our own rules I wanted to address that I'm glad the engineer brought that up because I was going to ask about drainage because sometimes you know it makes sense to put aggregate in some places and she mentioned erosion control because it is by the by the canal so I'd like to call on Terry and Pam to talk a little bit about that about aggregate versus the a hard surface in those areas I mean this is by canal so there can't be any verve of a development right on that side right correct and so back to the whole plan I don't have a problem at all with it I think the stadium was great I think the area that we're talking about is not visible uh but even if it was visible inside that commonsense approach where what are we trying to accomplish with uh I was tasked to cut costs cut personnel come up with better ideas to you know increase our biggest bank for the book and I don't see no difference here and that's my opinion drainage wise uh that that area right there is probably the most rural area you have in youngsville cane fields open ditches uh that type stuff uh drainage there is a nightmare because you have the trees so we get it usually on the farm side that's clear trees which have a lot of erosion issues there also uh controlling grass we love to cut grass here so in order to do that there you have to kind of have weed control well what that does gets rid of the grass and you have erosion so yeah so the the whole concept of concrete the only thing I was worried about was what what we are plans for the existing area that later on you're going to ask for that limestone as a base and you answer that question you you're gonna have a parking lot there um so a couple of different things you're you're gonna focus on parking getting people off the road you're gonna gait it into where you can't see you're gonna secure the buses during the games now they don't have to be in the parking lot so that's the next step because we talk about security and we talk about drainage all out here so that in my opinion there is it's not a the rules do need to be changed and looked at so it accommodates everybody uh but we also have to have a common sense approach to what we're trying to to get to you know um everything looks great here uh there have been uh areas that are allowed to put limestone on backs out of the fence right down the road off eight eight and on that uh behind the strip mall that was another aggregate project that nobody sees nobody cares it's done didn't cause any problems so I don't have any issues here at all I think it's it's more absorption as far as to runoff you're not having a concrete there sheet flowing into the channel causing erosion because that's what's gonna happen you're gonna have to come up with a drainage plan of out this world to control that and so that causes up also so it's it's I just agree there's a lot of things we need to revamp on ordinances that were 10 15 years ago new products have come across we talked about the metal facade great product and it's just you know we we need to adjust to some of these ordinances in my opinion thank thank you Terry Pam yeah I agree with Terry um and looking at where they have it too one of the hardest things you have when you do have something very hard surfaced it's coming right up against the drainage easement so as things progress whether it be south side high or the city of youngsville if Terry has to get equipment in there it's much better from a standpoint of sustainability if it is limestone as opposed to big it getting big equipment again no matter which side trying to do that because it is very close to the 30 foot drain adjustment that we want so from that perspective um it's actually better if it was limestone I'm just being being very honest because as that channel will erode if you have something hard surface then they're going to on that edge it's going to be a constant so having something that's going to be more maintainable um in answer to you know hey can you go from limestone you know something that's already been there versus putting something hard surface right now I mean again if it's with the parking lot that whole thing had to have been designed from that standpoint um whether it's concrete and then if you did it asphalt quite frankly there are very few if any contractor that's going to come out and and and do asphalt on 160 feet um they're definitely not going to do it quick so unless they had a bunch of other stuff being asphalt at the time that would be more cost prohibitive so from to answering that one but overall I mean again I'm with Terry we bring it because we don't have the ability to to do the variants and it has to come out but there are a lot of times when the applicability I think we have to go back to like the merrily says what's the problem we try to solve I know in the beginning we didn't want a bunch of limestone aggregate because nobody wanted dust well I here to tell you I bring more dust to you on my detention pond projects and move and dirt for a roadway I'm just going to be frank especially when you're in a so what is the problem that we what was it back in the day that we didn't like and have we solved that problem and that's no longer an issue where we have that so I get it I'm a business owner and something being behind there that nobody's got access to I'd love alternative materials you know I'm in the process of doing my own so I get that so I do believe that there's a lot of stuff that we could do like Terry and be happy to sit with you guys to kind of show you what people are coming to us and where we think it is applicable and where it's maybe a little over you know I bring to there maybe one day you want to expand your parking lot at your expansion and you may want a temporary do limestone I mean who knows you have a big rainy event you have a lot of rain at like Lauren dig or something and that might be the next thing but again your own ordinance prohibits you from doing it I'm just saying you know I'm giving you an example I'm not trying to but you know we've been through that we wanted to limestone years ago to have more parking at the rec center but our own ordinance prohibited us to do that and we had to wait until there were funds to do what you had and it was hard so I think there needs to be we need to look at this ordinance I think from a standpoint we grant things different things of temporary while someone has the opportunity to get more money or to get more funds or to get to face to but in the areas that are really close and that are within the drain to jizment quite frankly I prefer them to be aggregate and not hard surface because the last thing I want to see is their parking lot going into the channel and and they'd create a I don't want to create more maintenance for them than they need to have with regards to something as sensitive as drainage right miss some time you saw the format no I'm good thank you Terry and pay um may I say one more thing um okay I just want to say that the concession stand is looking really good it's we're so excited about this building so I'm a little nervous about hiding the gravel because we might hide the concession stand just I just want to bring that up because the fence is so far back it at the road so I don't I don't really want to tell you how to resolve it necessarily but I just want you to keep in mind that we hide one thing then we hide kind of that whole thing so you might have to swim by and see how it's looking it's still it's not quite done they're friendsically working like 21st 7 to get it done for the first game so but we're very close and it really is it looks great like everything else has and on that campus so that's it all right thank you ma'am mr. Amera mayor of super attendant josh appreciate y'all's comments and answering all the answering all those questions and given us more of a vision of exactly what it is I mean I know I put my eyes on it I'm probably the fortunate one here that I've been involved with the school since day one and other capacity I've talked to the probably I did the math probably about 10,000 plus people over the years who kids have had kids go through that school system you know around 1,500 plus kids a year it affects a lot y'all done it right mayor I kind of reminded myself of what your comments were earlier about it and how you know obviously you probably you support this and you know the fact that two of our top experts in the administration are both saying I would roll with it you know again I stand by my original one from the last meeting I'd like to go ahead and move and make a motion to approve this variance all right this emotion by mr. Amera's their second let's see go right ahead let's see uh councilman Jean-Bine reminded to amend it according to the plan that was provided today with the lavender miss bars well let's see I'm sorry excuse me is a second on the motion I'll second all right councilmember nylon seconds miss bars I just uh can I ask how long before the parking lot that's in purple right here behind the fence would be before it's built some kind of timeline one year to year but I'll just say this that it's going to be a continuous process right now the focus is going to be let's get them into the stadium let's get this fieldhouse that needs to be construction needs to take place also at the time of which happen so I would say that you know year in and year out I will look at funding as far as what we can do because I really want to kind of finish the whole thing as far as the problem so um within a year two years well and I'm just asking because the well it stopped you from having the games if you don't have the gravel well here's what I will tell you right now I really don't know what is going to happen out there on my first game and all I'm trying to do is prepare for you got to understand when you when you you engage in a football game it's not just football players and ride buses it's cheerleaders it's dance team members it is the band what I'm trying to say is that I have to hope for getting these people away from where we would have to park them if that is not accessible to them to where we may all have a bigger issue if they're starting parking on Chim and Metery yeah I mean I don't understand I just I didn't know if it would put the project behind if you didn't have the gravel well here's what I'm saying is I'm looking I'm asking for us to to proceed because September 5th no de dames coming into the house I pointed they're going to be there and they're going to bring her crowd I would think that Southside will bring a crowd and I'm kind of just trying to say what can we do right now because I'm thinking to the principal okay principal where all these kids are going to park at we need to park them somewhere give as much to the public so we're trying to plan all this but then I got 12 buses that I have to contend also with there's 12 buses that are a possibility of being in that game that look we're we're going to I can't control where they're going to park they're going to park wherever and we may have more of a safety issue so I'm trying to eliminate at least where we can get some of these people away from there with also the strategic planning of what we're working with the principal on of where our own kids think about how many kids our kids are going to go to the game we got to get them away because I got the public that needs to come into the stadium no I understand I just I agree with Councilman Pogionno that we get a lot of variances y'all came I think with three before this or two plus this one um and we can't treat businesses in my opinion different just because y'all the school board I have no idea what went on the past 10 years between the council and the school board I wasn't on the council I didn't have kids in school at that time so I didn't keep a brust I just um I find we're getting a lot of requests for variances and it's it's it's something that I think that needs you know you know with the ordinance is follow the ordinance billed your building you wouldn't have to come before us um but I do like the fact that you will be able to reuse the aggregate uh for the parking lot I just it's not fair to grant you something and not others so okay thank you so we we've granted other businesses variances we've granted other people variances before there I feel like this council really gets hung up a lot on variances you have an ordinance in place it was put in place to be able to solve a problem whether it was 20 30 40 50 years ago but we can't keep locking up economic development and growth because of an ordinance there's a reason why we allow variances is so that we are able to have a discussion and use some common sense to make a decision to allow something to move forward we're going back to this guy that came with RV center I thought it was a great idea I support it he had a whole lot of variances yes but I think that there we need to have more wiggle room and we need to quit saying that oh well we have an ordinance so it is what it is no like if that's what it is and let's bring every ordinance that we have on the table and we as a council need to sit down and start going through these ordinances and start making some changes because in one breath we talk about how we're economic development ready and then we turn right back around and shut down everybody that comes up here because it's in an ordinance and we don't want to hear a variance I'm sorry but like that's not how our role you have a rule and I'm going to figure out how we can make it better you have an ordinance let's figure out how to make it better if we need to do some variances to have some progress and to have economic development and growth which is what we want in this city then that's what we need to do thank you thank you me I agree with you completely chief miss virus I just wanted to speak a little bit about the driveway in the back 12 buses would take up a lot of parking as a safety issue that's what I'm looking into 12 buses and trailers will take up a lot of parking would push cars back on to the roadway to park on the roadway which calls the Lord's safety issue from what he gathered it sounds like it's a temporary fix I don't have any say so on what goes there but and the safety side that's what the people elected me for to make sure the city's safe having a bunch of buses taking up more parking spots in the front will push more cars onto the roadway and cause a bigger traffic hazard and back up hey do you have a comment yeah just a couple comments one I just want to also point out south the Riviera is under construction so that also eliminates you know some places where people would be parking on the side of the road as well but from an economic development standpoint I just want to kind of echo what councilman Nyland said you know we really have to think about and I appreciate that you all want to look at these ordinances because you know last week it was a little bit deflating to sit here and be awarded this designation by our state which is a big deal and took a lot of work to get to that point to say that here we are open for business and then turn around and shut down business for the RV storage because I think that that is what is fresh on y'all's minds is that we shut down this RV storage a couple of points about it was multiple variances wasn't just one as councilman Romero pointed out or I believe it was councilman Romero it was it was it was not anything that was going was temporary it was going to be a permanent whereas this is temporary they're bringing us those plans and it's not really apples to apples this is our second largest landowner who is going to help us bring in more economic development than that RV storage center not that I'm opposed to the RV storage center but also that RV storage center will not bring in any sales and use tax storage units are not taxable therefore there is no revenue brought into this city by allowing a permanent limestone structure with all the other things that they were requesting a variance on this stadium we've already said it people are going to go to our restaurants they're going to go visit our businesses before and after the game it is a huge economic driver and not just our residents and the people coming for the south side game but all those Notre Dame fans and you know that they're going to come heavy because it's just down the road from us so they are going to bring a crowd of people they will also be visiting our restaurants and going and and you know shopping at our our stores and so I just I want y'all to really take into to count it's not apples to apples one small business to our second largest landowner to a huge economic driver that is also got so much potential for more than just one business and nothing to knock our businesses I love our businesses I'm doing everything that I can to help promote our businesses so that they stay busy but this is part of that that effort is is is is allowing this and and you know she's already said it from a safety safety standpoint it's what makes sense all right thank you it's open for public it's open for public comment now there's a there's a motion on the floor is there any public comment mayor like to call the vote all right if there's no additional public comment all right miss Gidry please call the vote yes mr. Volgiano yes yes yes sir all right is there second all right all in favor all right meeting in jaren thank you so much