to be the water plan at the at the Youngso horse arena. So using our three wells that we've been drilling over the last couple years to quadruple our daily production on the Youngso system to work with the Youngso wholesale system that we purchased from Youngso I'm sorry purchase from LUS. That's the main events from that Terry. My part. I was just reading. But to comment though those areas started off with detention pause. But that's the main focus. I mean they really we decided to create some park areas instead of just cutting grass. So that that was the whole thing. Yeah, very proud of them and hope to hope that you'll be as excited as well as we open them. I just have two other announcements and I want to hear from the council. First I just want to congratulate Coach Broadhead who's a youngsoil resident. I was very proud to see this week 100th win in the Gary Broadhead era and the cage and dome. So pretty just first class. So we remember a lot about football and other programs with the women's basketball program under coach broadheads leadership is just doing phenomenal. And then lastly, I don't know if you saw the news. Hopefully the state put out a press release Friday and it was the end of the week. I think it might have been a little bit lost. But we don't take enough time to celebrate these kind of wins. I just want to share that infinity valve and supply expansion is resulted in 213 new Acadiana region jobs. That is a subsidiary of infinity valve and supply. It's called infinity operators 68 direct new jobs with an average annual salary at 52,000. So what we're retaining 47 existing positions was a Louisiana economic development worked on it. Also our local after economic development authority. So they're located right there on youngsoil highway Griffin road. So very happy about them expanding here in our community. You know, with 100 it's their their describing is 145 new indirect jobs in our community and I'm sure you'll agree that's that's a cause for for celebration, particularly with inflation and everything else going on. So all right any council announcements. How about chief and chief announcements. Yes, sir, maybe you hit the microphone. Yes, sir. First, I just want to give kudos to our criminal investigative section. We had a substantial theft from a business recently. They did great work on it to identify the suspects. Not only identify them, but track them back and connect them to other similar thefts in Mississippi. Find the suspect lived in Texas. So we have active ones of that person now and tech Texas actively looking for them. In addition, I just remind everybody holidays are coming holidays, increased thefts, package thefts. People need to be on the lookout for that. If you see something out of place in your subdivisions neighborhood, please call us. We'll have our