they're crooked. No, no, I'm no, they're my way from work 30 years and they let me go and then even give a notice. Okay, you know, I'm just saying I give thank you. All right. Thank you, Mr. Z. All right. I think that that's all that's Oh, Craig, Mr. Craig Romero sir. Did you want to come to you? Well, yes, sir. Come on, my apologize. I know that. Yeah, it's a Craig. Come on. Yes, yes. So the question or concern that I have from the investigation standpoint is I guess if there's rules, ethics rules or laws that have been broken in the police department or suspected, right? Then why wouldn't we use the avenues that or departments that we have in the state parish, whatever the case may be to conduct investigation versus spending taxpayer dollars to conduct, I guess, private investigation, right? That once the report comes out, whatever's in it is then, you know, if there's no laws that's been broken or if there has, let's just say there has been a lot broken or a rule that ethics were broken, then that has to be then turned over to whatever body would then have to go and conduct something, right? So if that's there, then why not go straight there and not spend the taxpayer dollars and if we don't think there's any laws or rules that have been broken and it's being used as a tool to expose whatever, why would we want to spend that kind of money to do either or why would we just take the avenue that we have laws in place to have those types of investigations just taken care of inside that framework. Makes sense. Thank you, Mr. Cama. Council, are there any comments from the council? Those are all the speaker cards that I had signed in. I would like to make a couple comments if I may. I think that there's that think that people deserve an update on what's going on and I would happy to provide what information I know. As you saw illustrated here this evening there's there's a lot of opinion about does a Larsen Act community provide the ability for a Larsen Act City Council to investigate a Larsen Act elected chief of police? There's no shortage of opinions. Each of you have one. As Mr. Trahan pointed out and as Mr. Knox pointed out there's an AG opinion. AG opinion is something that you ask a lot of times it depends on who asks it and what type of desired outcome do you want? What's the circumstances that lead you in your questioning to get that answer? But it's an opinion. It's an opinion at the end of the day. Ultimately I believe there's one opinion of that matters and it's the opinion of the judge that it's going to go before because that opinion is actually what's going to become a judgment. And then there's precedent