simply for the garage setback to be 20 foot on that one lot so they can fit the house on the lot the house will still stay at 20. So for this particular lot only that they're asking that that the house and the garage be the same at a 20 foot setback. And I believe because of the curve of the road I think it's a reasonable request for the council and the publics benefit the reason for there was some discussion as we continue to evolve with residential development. Looking down the street how do we really get cars off the roads more a lot of people as you know don't always use their garages or you know a lot of storage a lot of things. So in consultation with some of our developers what we decided and it's working really well so far is that the garages would be set back 25 feet and in that case it allows there to be a longer concrete driveway which is more ability to pull the vehicles off the road not blocking the sidewalk and that's where we are. So but there will be odd cases like this where they just don't really make sense or where it's a little bit more challenging to fit the lot without taking up too much of the backyard. What's the pleasure of the council? All right. I'm motion to approve the variance by Mr. Linu and there's a second by council member stands very Mr. Linu any comment? No sir. All right Mr. Stansbury. All right thank you any other council discussion or comment? Any public comment at this time? If there's no public comment misgid your please open the vote. How long favor motion to approve? All right thank you council the Benson Grove the final walk through on that subdivision just took place that is the subdivision on Deacon Road near Shimon Agriyam and it borders you feel like you're in the same neighborhood the second one is central village central village was previously in their preliminary plot referred to as the marshes and that's the neighborhood that connects with Sansa Bastion which is in the unincorporated area but accessible from Verod. So now with the with the final plot recording of these two neighborhoods you'll be able to travel from Verod to Deacon through these subdivisions. All right next on the agenda is mayoral mayoral appointments as we have did when Miss Shumpin resigned as CAO we took nine months during that time period to really do some evaluation of the current strengths and weaknesses of our team we had some great supervisors some great managers some great associates that I'm fortunate to work with at that time we left the job open for nine months and Sally if you recall we did some reorganization and Sally assumed the role of chief administrative officer well similar we did a similar process and did a lot of self-evaluation within our departments