of, I equated to when you're learning to swim or what I learned to swim, the swim instructor kept backing up. Well, similarly we did that with storage units. The spirit of the land use ordinance wasn't to say you can't do it. What we did was say, hey, you can do it, but these are the conditions you'll have to meet. So today it's unlikely, I think in that we'll see another storage unit in the foreseeable future because of those regulations. And then similarly, we were getting a lot of requests and a lot of interest for townhouses. So what we did in response to that, and I have just a couple pictures that Lynn didn't put up that I'll share with you. And maybe now might be an appropriate time to do it because we were getting a lot of interest in townhouses. So the council in our administration decided to, okay, well let's realize that not everybody may need a three-bedroom two-bath house. So how do we answer that question for someone? And I believe we came up with a really a pretty strong ordinance that regulates what's known as dense developments, low density developments. So a couple things that are within that ordinance today are, if you have a building of townhouses, there has to be unique facades. You can't just be like a boring plane, you know, a straight plane. Another one is you have to have green space, you have to have garages. Now I know you're maybe thinking that well some of what I'm seeing today doesn't have that. Well that's because we haven't, in my opinion, probably given that ordinance time to work to where we can see the benefits of those changes that were enacted with the adoption of that ordinance. So when I speak about strengthening what we have and not over correcting, I just want to be cautious because I think we have a great opportunity. You have a great opportunity that there's interest in your neighborhood. I don't live in your neighborhood, you know, so I want to make sure that the way we're governing it, if it's not appropriate today that we continue to strengthen it to give you something that, you know, you are going to feel comfortable living next to. And then also that you're going to be living. I think it's a valid point. I mean what happens to your property after, after you're not there. You know, it's interesting to me because I think that the one house that's one avenue way between fourth and, between fifth and railroad. I think is the only one that I can think of that's a new single family house, probably in the last couple of decades. And I might be missing one, but that's the only one that I can think of. I'll give you another example of how we've strengthened ordinances over time. So, you know, we have a couple of houses, mobile homes.