a little swale on the side of your property soon. That's the purpose of why this was brought to you to make sure and then the plat conditions. Again, when we say the drainage impacts analysis, again, when they do their lot, I mean, when they do their house, because again, this has no detention. So when the house or anything that's done on there, they still have to meet the requirements since nothing has been brought to us. So people buy in these large individual lots that don't have pond's need to understand the requirements when they come to the city. And part of the area, the back area is in flood zone A and we just remind them about that. Again, we talk about the sanitary sewer and the water. We've had people in the past, when they come out to the back part, they want to know why they don't have water. Well, people are dividing these lots and they're not doing it as development so they're not bringing water and sewer. We want to make sure that people know, like we make no, we are saying we have no capacity there. I mean, we have nothing there. There's no water lines. There's no sewer lines. People need to know when they're buying these lots, what to expect. And so everything else is our normal things if they're that we have on our plat's. But that is, you know, we're not against the division of property. We just want to make sure that they know when they do this, this is not divided in a bunch of pieces and you don't have to meet our regulations. Everybody else does. All right, thanks, Pam. Council, any questions or comment related to the review letter for the subdivision of property? Yes, sir, Mr. Romero. Are owners of the property here? Or are they? Are the drawers here? I don't think so. Are anyone representing the subdivision of property? OK, just want to make sure we don't have a comment on that. Thanks. All right, any other comments, council members? Is there any public comment related to the subdivision of property? All right, if there's no comments related to the subdivision of property and no further comments from the council, we will go ahead and adjourn the public hearing and we'll begin the regular council meeting in just a couple of minutes at 6 p.m. So public hearings adjourned. Thank you very much.