all take a lot of pride in that we had, I think it was $8,500 of damages to shrubs after the parade last year. And we had, I don't remember the amount. There was a lot of prep work, time and labor that went into putting the orange machine to try to protect all the landscaping that was put in, you know, from trying our best to make sure that it wasn't being trampled. So, you know, on, so let's face it, Young'sville does not have a lot of wide roads, even the area of shimmy metery that you were talking to. The challenge there with the barricades is if we put it the wider, we make the road, then the barricade, then you're standing in a ditch on, you know, so, so we put it up a little bit into that bike lane to where they're standing room. So, the unintended consequences, then yeah, you're closer to the vehicle so it was a balance and we felt like it was right there in the middle to not have you standing in the ditch, but still keep you safe from, you know, the passing vehicles so. But good question. So, Mr. Bull's, John. Yeah, I guess, I'm into Council of Avarez. The crowd, I would say downtown in the past was probably what I would say almost 20 to 25 deep. It seemed on both sides of the route that extended well past the cemetery if you're passing through that side of church street. So, I would say with this day was really just thinned out the crowd longer and a longer route versus then being compact into one small area. So, I guess, I guess, the first responders standpoint, I will say that in years past when I first joined the department 2010, our call volume per year was roughly, I don't know, 300 calls a year and we're well over a thousand at this point. So, you're our residents and our visitors are substantially grown, which is why we've transitioned from a fire to volunteer to a combination now we're a fully career department 24, 7, 3, 6, 5. The challenges we faced early on were getting calls in the heart of our city, but being gridlocked on both sides of the route. So, there was no way for us to get in from either side, which, you know, it poses an enormous threat whether it's a fire or someone's loved ones and a medical emergency. So, what this did really was shortened the amount of floats allowed in and then leaving the downtown area open where we were able to cross over and get to that side of town within seconds versus a being 10, 15, 20 minutes as well as having a Katie and ambulance here. From our side, that was much needed, a much needed help and help us out tremendously. And as far as even having it back downtown, as much as, you know,