I don't recall something else coming in front of the council where we set the budget that we said, okay, we're going to allow X amount for gas. Do you recall? I'll recall the discussion. I don't remember it word for verbatim, but that was before I started getting assigned to all these task force where I proudly represented this city and done a good representation because I am still on those task force. The extra patrols, we all know in the 2016 flood could not use the police vehicle I had at that time because the water was so high, I used my personal Jeep the whole time and that's how it came about. It did use in my Jeep for there. Some of y'all wrote in the Jeep with and agreed, it went through the water pretty well where a unit would have flooded out. So it was done properly as far as all the procedure come for the council, I was not aware I had to come before the council. When it was agreed with by the administration, it ran through all the proper channels. I've never had the accounting firm that does our audits ever raise the question to it and they're aware of it. So. Chief, I'll be the first to say I'm new here, obviously. But I'm just as furious as you are that the city's missed it, the accounting firm has missed it, there has been a misstep on R&2. I'm not going to deny that. But ultimately this was 79 months ago and you've been paid $79,000 for your vehicle to maintain it. And yet what we found so far is another $18,000. And I'm just, I'm just trying to figure it out. That's all I'm trying to do, Chief. I'm trying to figure it out too. I think it had it been a problem. I thought it would have raised its head earlier. Well, so we just made, we were just made aware of it. Yeah. But you'll approve the findings before it's ever about the God knows. But hold on, we've had disagreements about the finance report. But it's not, we don't do line item. You know that. We do a full, it's a bulk deal. And also at the same time, all of the fuel and car expenses are bulked into one item. In the budget, your car allowance is broken off as a separate line item, just like the mayors is. But you stated that the administration said it was okay. Do you have that in writing? Do you have something because I'm not paying? No, but hold on. The administration does not have the right to approve any financial stuff for any department before it comes back to the council. Especially when something was approved upon, at a meeting by council unanimously. And we recognize what happened during the flood. And that's why we, this was after this. And that's why we did it. And that's why