a very heavy part in whether, you know, we decided to do it or not. I mean, based on what I would do and the rest of the council, I don't know that's up to them. But I mean, if it was like a five foot setback or some of that in my appearance, it'd probably be a little more realistic. You know, 15, 20 foot. That's a big. Marines. So that's why I know you. Depending on what. So I straight would. And again, it's only the next people come up and say, look, we want to put a trailer there, but I will. But you don't know what they're wanting to do. I'll lose that too. So. It was a train today. Well, yes, it was a woman moving that takes care of her mother who lived in a trailer of 73 years old. That's very ill. And it was a perfect setup because her daughter lives in honor of rich. Yeah. Didn't work out because again, she calls city halls, but what's up? She called herself. And they said, yes, you can do that. And then thank God the realtor after we signed everything, the realtor decided, well, let me call and check. Spoke to dinner. Tell you Garrett. Yes. And I said, you know, it can't be done. There's an ordinance on that. Right. Yeah. And we don't, I mean, you know, I don't, I don't just speak, you know, with the buyer said, but they don't, we don't know who she, who she talks. No, it doesn't matter. Yeah. Because I mean, the call would have, would have been, it should have been. She was misled. Yeah. You know, and signed and put a down payment and everything and it all felt. Do you have a perspective buyer now? Or you're trying to get all this work out? I'm just trying to figure out before I get it back to the realtor. I want to know how we can word this because we have it worded that you could put a triner there. And we need to, you know, see what can be done. She was supposed to be here, but she had to go around show a house and get the rose. She was trying to meet me here. I know that's the problem is that I mean, if we knew what the size of the mobile home was that was going to go in there. If we knew what the variance was going to be exactly, I think a decision is easier to be made. I mean, I think I would, I think I would make a decision. We got an 80 foot there and the tongue, we have the tongue facing more vans. And we still were probably five feet, I'd say, from more vans. If you push the tongue under, you know, you're given 10 feet. And then from there, you know, if it's going to be a variance backing up