we're starting that football program right now. We are continuing to grow all of our programs, our track program typically runs 150 or so. 150? So if you know anything about track that's phenomenal numbers in any program for a track program that sometimes carries around 20 students and we're running about 150. We have about 100 students who are going to run cross country this year. They run in the fall. That's in grades cross country five through 12, five through 12. So amazing numbers are also. We're just continuing to grow and what you're looking at here in the building that's closest to the street, that's the field house, that'll have two locker rooms, a weight room, some offices, you know, probably the. My words are not coming. The washing facilities and everything you need there. There's a concession stand and Intrigate that's behind the visitor, the stands. There's another concession stand on the other side to the far left over here is what we call the track shed because you've got to store all this equipment. So eight lane track allows us to run regional meets and big, big meets. It'll also allow us to run meets for like a you which runs all the way from my second grade on up, a you. We can run, you know, the community can use it as well. It will be able to run all high school meets. It would probably be collegiate as well. I think I mean we're putting almost. Almost so it's going to be a lot like similar to what we're building. Y'all are building with the baseball fields where it's going to be a multi use facility that we that can accommodate everything that that we all want to need. It doesn't quite have enough parking, but we can hopefully we can partner with the offers and help on that. And we're excited. We think this is going to help us continue to grow our school. I know if you've been out there, you saw we have our third building, which is K2. And so the 9th, the 912 building should be starting soon and that'll house 1200 high school students there. Right now we're running pretty close to about 3000 students on campus. We're fully enrolled in our three buildings. We have about 1100 on the 612 campus and there's 900 on each of the K2 and the 35 campus. So once we add those other 1200, we're looking at a quite large school. That's a K12 school. So we're excited. We're excited. And we're glad that we get to continue to partnership with y'all for this. So thank you. Absolutely. Thank you. We're excited. We're excited. Thank you. I guess when you said for the fall is that for the start of construction this year, which is what was the timeline fall of 2024. They will be kicking off on the football field. The construction should start within the next 30 days.