complete the outfall structures have to be installed to take the water off the off-value park or do But what I what I'll do in a future meeting it could be as early as next month You know, maybe not but sometime I would think over the summer will come back to you with Tim's coordination And actually maybe share a little bit more vision about that site And I want your input on it as well. I mean what we've talked about from the earliest stages is that it's a passive recreation element It's only going to be open daylight hours I think it'll be complimentary to the neighborhood next to it We're going to be using two stuff out streets to access that development. I mean we want to be good neighbors We think that it'll be it'll be complimentary Then next to a field that was not being you know maintained to a residential standard once parks and wrecks starts doing the maintenance out there So that project does have a small parking area. I think it's about seven or eight cars asphalt You know with a asphalt track around the whole thing There's a wooded area on the east side of bayou park for do that we didn't touch So I think it does pose a lot of great opportunities for passive recreation green space almost like a a Like a I'm gonna call like a regional. It's not not gonna be like sports complex, but a small like neighborhood style pocket park If you live on that side of town, it may be easier to go walk there Then it will be to go all the way to the sports complex So before we get to making any you know final decisions by the recreational component We'll come back and address that with the council to make sure that the visions shared with what your constituents are constituents want to see So all right. Thank you. Appreciate it Chief anything you want to report We've been working a lot of minor thefts bicycles left in the front yard uh Stuff taken off of vehicles that were not attached properly What I'll ask you to do is talk to you kids keep the bikes inside uh If you don't have the serial number on the bike, it's impossible for us to return it to the right for owners Uh That lock your cars Thank you Clan anything private development. No, you're good Oh Okay Council y'all have the private development update. There's any questions. Y'all can always reach me here clan about that There have been some concrete drainage boxes that were dropped on uh guillot outside of their backs So I guess that's an anticipation of adding those turning lanes and movements. No, along with the their for haven't based three Their traffic and back analysis you trip that they needed a a right turn lane into fairbacks and uh in a left turn lane