it's outside of our jurisdiction, but years ago, uh, Pam, you know, talked to me about let's, let's approach this from a grant perspective. So now this project is, is this one 75 or 80 for 80%. This one's 80%. So you pay 20%. You pay 20%. And then of that 20%. You should be getting 50% back from LCG. They had committed 50% because they have about 50% of it. So what we did there, I mean, you'll recall a couple of years ago, excuse me, was we did a, basically a five year overlay. We did a mill and overlay of that road that we anticipated would last about five years as an interim solution to get us until today until we can really see the grant come to fruition. So this is, this one's been in the queue for a long, long time. And I just, let me make a point about the, this, the 2024 road projects. This week we had a couple of potholes, if you will. I guess they came up around the tractor around about Guillard in, Guillard in Shem and Metery. As you all know, you all have authorized in our transportation plan. We have a roundabout design built. It's about 95% plans. I could have it completed probably in about a week. But in it's a really nice concrete roundabout, second circulating lane. And that was designed to accommodate all of the future growth that we know is coming south of Shem and Metery along Guillard Road. So we're talking mastery. We're talking about Mike Shams, these development, long Linnaeus states, long Linnaeus bridges states. But so in the interim, our public works team has done the best they can to do surface level patching that because of no fault of their own that we're having base failures there that have just surpassed really, you know, what normal surface level patching can do. I mean, you were called back in 2015, 2016 when we rebuilt Shem and Metery Parkway. We had significant base failures, but we didn't redo that roundabout at that time. So what am I talking about? What am I getting to? What am I getting to is we have a roundabout design that is going to take the place of this one. And I've been putting off really doing some permanent, what's called full depth patching of that intersection because I didn't want to put, you know, money down that we were going to be replacing and building over. But what we've decided to do, we've been trying to hit a lot of angles for funding of that double lane roundabout, state capital outlay, federal grants. We have some MPO money for our way, you know. MPO regional, we have a lot of grand opportunities. We're just trying to see really what fits in without design. What does that mean for you in the short term? In the short term as part of the 2024 road project that