I'm going to go back to the meeting. All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the young zone minutes of a complex. Today's Thursday, April 11, 2024. And we again welcome you to the regular meeting of the young zone city council. This evening I'd like to ask for our invocation to be led by Pastor Darrell Jackson from first assembly young. I wanted to ask you to come out here in the center of this evening of having the young zone city cap scout pack 457 here this evening doing a lot of great work in the community. So if you remain standing they're going to come forward and lead us in the the pledge of allegiance to this evening. So Pastor Jackson, sir, the floor is yours. If you're about your for today. We thank you for this council meeting today. Would you lead us in guidance with wisdom, with understanding as items today are discussed. Bless this community, Lord. Continue to shine and light upon it. May there be more faith, more hope, and more love. May this community continue to be a beacon of light to the surrounding communities. We thank you for today. Bless our time together. This we pray in Jesus mighty name. Amen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Welcome. Yeah. Y'all are welcome to take this whole space here. If you'd like. Yeah. The flights to your right. Yeah. Oh, I was. Uprosted. Okay. Absolutely. One nation under our own, the individual liberty. Justice for all. Two. Great job. Great job. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. This would be perfect, maybe. We'll keep them in the front and we'll just stand behind. That's a good idea. So any human specialist can act with me. Yeah, it's all in me too. How about that? Thank you. Everybody fall in the back. Everybody short in the front. Yeah. Hey, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. I can't see this kid right here. Thanks. Are you ready? One, two, three. Everybody look here. Thank you. I didn't introduce Kevin Broussard. Who leads the Cubscaught Youngsville resident. And just sincerely appreciate all the hard work that our Cubscaught true puts in different initiatives we have throughout the community. The community they're always quick to volunteer and quick to show up, helped with the food drive recently at the Youngsville pantry. And we couldn't be more proud to have them as a young future leaders in the community. So to the scouts and to your parents, thank you so much for being here and for leading us this evening. And that we look forward to your continued work in the community. So thank you so much. All right, Madam Clerk, would you please call the roll. Ms. Barras, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, Ms. Cree, Ms. Champagne. All right, thank you, Nicole. I just wanted to say a few things. A gin item 3.1. I decided to table this at the last meeting just because I