as what Catherine indicated and only 10% from local funds. So that's good that you can do this. I don't know what y'all did, Ken, but you certainly got a lot of state monies. It's been, which is one of a lot of years of preparation and work. A lot of years of work to be able to get to that point. OK, any questions on capital outlay and what we're doing for this current year and the funding mechanisms to fund that? OK, hearing none, let's go to page four. And as I said, rather than go through 36 pages, because we could be here for quite a while, I was going to bring it all together, which we have the Catherine put together on the consolidated budget. And you've seen this before. This has taken all of the 10 funds and bringing it all together in the format to show what the revenues are, what the expenditures are, including capital outlay, and then what's our bottom line? And then we'll talk a little bit about that. On the tax revenues, which is mainly sales tax, but you've got some property taxes, of course, in here. You've got some franchise taxes, and so on. So a total last year was brought in at 18 million 974. So the first column is per the audit of last year, which is the June 30th of 23rd audit. Then you have the estimated numbers, which Brad pointed out earlier. And the estimates were all shown taking nine month numbers, adding three more months or estimating for three months to come up with an amended budget, which is going to be what we're asking you to do to amend to these estimated numbers, which is your final amended budget. And then, of course, the budget for next year. So the tax revenues estimated for this year, per the amended budget would be 19 million 297. And then for the budget year, basically, 19 million 495. So I think Brad pointed it out, and the mayor may have expanded on it. But basically, we're estimating sales taxes that being flat, which I think is very conservative. We're hopeful, and I think that you'll probably do better than that. But be that as it may. I like the idea of just going with a flat on the sales tax. The increase that you have is mainly in property taxes. Let me just say that. And that's just from growth and from additional houses within the corporate limits. Licenses and permits, last year we brought in and licenses, and of course, that's building permits as well, 981,000. This year, it's estimated to be 1,525,000. And it appears that the growth is coming from two areas, the licenses, which is the insurance occupational licenses, as well as some permits that you're issuing for construction. Next year, you're pretty much leaving it the same at 1,524. Intergovernmental revenues. Now, this is coming from the state, or the feds,