our YC baseball and softball league champions and runners up was held last Thursday around 250 players received awards nearly 1600 players participated in our largest league today. The splash park has been a huge hit. We're open 7 days a week from 10 a.m. until sundown. We're averaging close to 500 children a week. Some of our biggest days we have over 110 kids and we're starting to get some local daycares that are coming out now with 35 to 60 kids at a time. The Lions Club led by board member Shannon and David Bares and they can channel actually has donated to special needs. Quatic wheelchair for the splash park and will soon announce a designated day in time that the splash park will be available exclusively for special needs children. The geophans are being installed and will be ready for the start of the world series tournament next week. I'm going to let Matt to flip the switch. You just touched on a lot of things at the end there that I was all home. Thank you Tim. I appreciate it. Speaking of the expansion unfortunately DAX could make it tonight. He's having I think his final game. He's a coach on the believe this is I don't know if it's his son or daughter's team. But the water sewer drainage work continues there at the site in your packet. We have 100% plans now for the design package for the only remaining design element is finalizing the 100% plans for the amphitheater stage which we expect to be completed by the end of this week. So you have drainage. The two detention ponds have been dug there. They're just not tied into the outfall gravity drainage. And should have the guarantee maximum price. Terry win. Terry sits in and most of those meetings form you so anything more about that Terry or anything. No, I mean everything's moving great. You know the weather's cooperated enough to get the dirt and all that. They'll pick up on the outflow of the pond nearest the soccer but it's just a water line and needs to be lower in the big deal. So everybody's working together to push it forward to show anything else. Yeah, I got a couple of updates on first the veterans park the favors arrived with blank favors. The gazebo's out there waiting to be stood up and that type deal. The dog park they'll be poured the parking tomorrow. So it's all coming together and you know we'll be ready for at least that. We are working with the Katie and a veterans. I'll let them do their do their thing but we think we'll have something really nice hoping for veterans. When they can start selling the favors. We did reach out to them let them know the size and all that so it should be pretty soon so they're spearheading that. Yeah, you know whatever they need will accommodate. Great question.