take a pause because we need to know like what do you want? I mean, it's either we go door to door and sit hours in your house and drink coffee or we have a meeting like this. And I know you welcome me. That's, I appreciate that. Or all of us, but we need to feedback. Like Lindy said, that's what we want. We want to know, hey, we don't want to see anything three or four stories. I've got a story, you know, cause for my neighborhood. And I've, you know, got very aggravated about it. And we came to a compromise on it. But you wouldn't want that, you know? There's certain things that you don't want in your neighborhood. Let us know. Miss Montgomery, unless you're going to come up to the front, please. There's people that are watching streams. Okay, but that's all I have to say. And like I said, it's just busy. And y'all know what I'm talking about. It's crazy about folks to park. It's just crazy. I mean, like I said, in no way I'm bashing anybody that's sitting on the council. I mean, I have a working relationship with everybody. I have a problem. I come to you, let you know what's going on. It's just so much on that in a town. Thank you. I call on that a thing. Miss Keel, just, I mean, school just got back in. I mean, during the summer, I'm sure you notice a difference with not as much traffic. Not as much traffic, but people still coming in the wrong way on the one week. But school traffic summer is not bad. It's not bad. It's just school, going to school. It's all of this. Yeah, school traffic. Yeah, school traffic. School traffic. Oh, that's all right. Okay, thank you. I appreciate you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Long. I sit here now. Has a few sets on there that you can fill up on there. So that I can help them to better understand what a developmental project, you know, what it entails. Brandt Longlenae, I own 211st Street in Young's Bell. So I've been working for three years on a property. It was formerly Mr. Freeman's property. Still has the Cinder block building. And it's a hotel development. I worked with the city, got all my permits, got all the variances that I needed to construct. But the biggest question that every lender has come to is, where is downtown Young's Bell going? You mentioned the word village. Young's Bell is no longer a village. What's inside there? We really have to have a conversation about where do you want it to go? And that's the purpose of this meeting. So commercial development is not happening there. It's all just like she said and other people, the development of single family homes or townhomes. I'm the only commercial development that I've heard of in that particular area that's trying