or questions, Mitch jump on? No, sorry. Move. All right. Mr. Volgiano. No, sorry. Any other comments or questions from the council? Any public comment? All right. We have several resolutions here. They're standard procedures that we, we have to commit to having the, have the funds for 25% match for anytime there's a state capital outlay project. Mr. Gujury, please advance to the vote. Paul and favor motion. All right. Thank you, council. Seven point two resolution 202322. A resolution of the mayor and city council. The city of Youngville authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to Louisiana facility planning and control project number 50 M. W. Two to three zero one. New fire station planning and construction and improving the 25% and matching funds as required by the state. It's a motion by Mr. Linu. Any comments, Mr. Linu? No, sorry. All right. Thank you. Mr. Stansberry. Yes, sir. All right. Thank you. Any other council comments or questions? Already any public comment? What we're, what we're looking at is y'all may have followed us on social media. We did get a piece of property at the corner of VLA road and shimmy metery on the corner of the roundabout. That's one potential site for this fire station. And we're also working with the developer at Longlin A and Giat road. There's going to be a donation or property there upon plating of that property. So that's probably the most likely site that we're on for that property for the future fire station. Mr. Volgiano. So for the residents that may have any questions, station two obviously is on bone am road. That station was built. It was our most recent new station that we've decided to acquire and build. It was built in that area due to the PIL rating. It was a little bit lagged in time as to where we are today. We were ideally we would have had that station built earlier in time just because of the expansion and growth, but obviously how far we're expanding and rapidly on the south end of young's bill. The station is to in hopes of increase and speed up your response times in your time of need. So it's going to be a great addition in the years to come as we begin the planning process. Thank you, sir. Are there any other comments or questions? If not here in Namaskee, please advance the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. 7.3 resolution 2023 23. A resolution of the mayor and city council of the city of Young'sville authorizing the mayor to execute any and all documents pertaining to Louisiana facility planning and control project 50 MW2 23. 3. 3. 3. Highway 92 in Prescott Boulevard. The roundabout design planning and construction and approving 25% and matching funds is required by the state's emotion by Mr. Volgiano. The comments Mr. Volgiano. All right. Mr. Romero seconds. All right.