more seamless, continuous project. So if you're traveling south on Guillard as an example, just south of Gofresh is basically the limits of our road. It becomes a state road there. There's a state sign, 89 there. So this project would go to the limits of that project. So our asset would be in great shape to the state picks it up there. So it is a more extensive project that has been a long time line. But I mean, this intersection has come up frequently and it's been a thorn. And it's come up in a lot of conversation about how to handle it. Filesco Crossing did just open this week, which is a North artery out of Sugar Ridge, which is 450 homes. So I guess who would be inconvenienced in this largely would be south of Sugar Ridge, south of Sugar Ridge along Guillard would have to take alternate routes to that it takes Shimon Agriab to Dayton. Dayton. Yeah, or those that want to take long in A can take long in A to low year. Okay. So. All right. And then Shimon Agriab is going to be ready to be done when we're done with this. So. Yeah, we just got the geotechnical investigation back this week on that so we can finalize our typical section. Any public comment or questions, any concerns, any other council comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on the budget amendment. Ms. Barra. Yes. Ms. Creeb. Yes. Ms. Shilfarm. Yes. Motion. All right. Thank you, Council. So we'll move forward and put out some communication to the public tomorrow. I'm not sure I can't. And get let the contractor know right away to get it started and hope for good weather. So later. Thanks for coming. All right. Resolutions, Gen Adam 7.1 is Resolution 202417. A resolution of the city of Youngsoil authorizing the mayor to execute a first amendment to a contract with the Canadian ambulance service incorporated to exclusively provide emergency and non-emergency ground ambulance services and road or wing air ambulance transports for the city of Youngsoil. Motion by Ms. Shampine. Yes. In a second by Councilman Barraz. Any council discussion? Any public comment or question? This is a continuation of an existing agreement that we have with the Canadian ambulance. All right. If there's no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Cree. Yes. Ms. Shampine. Yes. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. A Gen Adam 7.2's Resolution 202418. A resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Youngsoil to extend an intergovernmental agreement with Lafayette Consolidated Government for one year concerning assistance with various minor maintenance items. Council, this is also a re-issueance of a previous agreement that we've had in place with LCG. A motion by Ms. Shampine, second by Ms. Cree. Is there any council comment? Any public comment or question in discussion item? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms.