the weather's been very cooperative, so that's moving real quickly. And then of course, the next road would be NESPKS force for overlay. And that's what I have no price. That's exactly right. We have a meeting with DOT tomorrow to discuss the utilization of some more credits, so we're trying to cash them in. So yeah, so Susan. Sorry, Susan, I should have asked you to stay out. So the Wastewater Plant, we have received the EQ approval, so we're gonna seek the water system authorization to bid, and we'll be going out to bid on that shortly. On pump station four, we are setting up the pre-construction meeting, so that's gonna be happening at the end of August. We received bids on pump station three upgrade on Tuesday. And the water plant, the notice to proceed is effective. Monday, they want to get started right away. So the estimated completion date is in September of 2025. The first thing they're gonna be working on is the ground storage tank, which will be right up on my various street, very visible. And the survey is underway for the Sugar Mill Pond pump station upgrade, the first phase, which is the force main. So that's it. So we'll be bringing pump station three award to you, hopefully at the September meeting, and then Wastewater treatment plan before the end of the year sounds like that. Yeah, potentially. Yeah, probably, probably bid at late September early October, I think. Okay. Yep. Any comments or questions, Pam or Susan? All right. Thank you. Tim. So far, sports programming, Sugar Beach volleyball that don't lead continues to summer lead continues. Our girls indoor volleyball will start practice. We had about about 64 teams for indoor volleyball. F and A football will start August 26 with about 78 teams. Our adult softball league will start next week with about 94 teams. And at the 10th of center, all the programming continues, but I think it's going to be maybe our fourth collegiate tournament. We'll be held September 13 through the 15th. It'll be you. Minnes will host two lanes, Southern Miss and a fourth team to be determined. And then for us, the, you know, the expansion, we're going and our maintenance personnel going through all the training for, you know, the HVAC, the building, the school boards, the lighting. And just a second, which you said, Mary, about JV Muteau, how great it was to work with them. And of course, always, you know, that's also. Yes. Absolutely. Yeah, with regard to the, with regard to the amphitheater, we are excited to be hosting the, the rotary clubs, up, patch at the park. Yeah, patch at the park. I forgot Jamie's our rotary president. Yeah, so we're excited about doing that. We also have some exciting things that we're looking at doing into the spring. And we're having conversations about the possibility of moving a spring and fall concert series. You know, there's