where you have that ability to change the types of structures before you get in and do your GMP or if you were designed bid build. So the contractor will start next week removing trees along highway 89. So if somebody calls you, I mean, I saw other people were removing trees today on highway 89. That was not Golan Leje. They will start next week. You'll see them start moving some mats. We do have to protect the pipeline. So they have to bring in 600 feet of mats. And then they can start. And the goal is once they finish that, they'll move in to start doing the piping in the area of the mats along highway 89. So while the mats are there, we want to do the drainage. So you will see them doing that after tree removal. And then hopefully be able to enter into a GMP pretty soon on fortune. We are not going to go ahead. I know we're waiting on some HB2 finalization, but we can do early work. So we have enough information and the plans are far enough along that we can do early work and increments on fortune road round about. That's all. Yeah. Questions. Pam North River, the road will remain the same as just being re-overlaid or is that going to be a slight width added? It's supposed to be the same width, but every time we get out there and we start doing it, if we can, go a foot is usually what the maximum will do like we did with all of them. So we'll try. Once we get in there and we start seeing the condition and they start working with it a lot of times, we end up doing it wider because it makes it easier when we're doing sole cement any way to go out that extra foot, which is how you end up getting it. So if we can do it without the ditches being too steep or affecting too many driveways, then we'll do it. But it's easier to make that decision when we're in the field and we see what condition we have. But we always try. I think everyone we've done in the past, we have added a half a foot on each side if the ditch consistently will not be a problem. Appreciate it. Neil? Big milestone next week for 89 to finally be getting that kicked off and we've all been anxiously watching today. The legislative session had to end at 6 o'clock today so I didn't see all the final details yet. But we were hoping that the ink dries well for our capital outlay dollars. All right, thanks. Just a little quick update on the Youngsville Sports Complex phase two. They are out there. Also the dirt work is to grade right now. Both ponds are dug. They are beginning on the drainage aspect of the project. Water sewer is approved and they're going