in and back out. There should be any buts in the road. Is the way there? I guess in my opinion the snow wall saying was going to have a lot more traffic that this seems pretty minimal. Right. Miss Shumphine. Mayor, they're appropriate time. I'd make a motion to move in favor of the variance but with the same stipulation that the council did for the first time. That is for this business only. Yes, ma'am. If it needs to be so at any time, they should be able to. Next one has to come before us. We have a motion to approve the request by councilman Shumphine and council member Volgiana's second. Any other council discussion? Okay. Any. Yes, sir. I would just say I think this is appropriate. You know, because this space is really limited. Yeah. But when you said what business it was like okay if it's not that, I don't know what else would fit there. Right. Plus with our traffic concerns. Right. Yeah. I like it. Yeah. Right. Any public comment related before the council's vote to approve the variance that's proposed at 2513 Bonan? Okay. If there's no public comment, Ms. Goodre, please call the vote in favor of the variance. Mr. Sandsbury. Yes. Miss Shumphine. Yes. Mr. Volgiana. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion for you. Thank you, Ms. Morley. We look hopefully it all goes well with you at the property and I appreciate it. We'll see you back in Clinton's office soon. Okay. I hope so. All right. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. All right. Jim Adam 7.3 is to consider amending the 2022 2023 budget in the amount of 500,000 for property acquisition and construction of Alaska crossing extension. Council, this is a this is a stubout that exists currently in Sugar Ridge neighborhood. Sugar Ridge neighborhoods roughly I think 430 to 450 homes, which I believe is about four phases. There's two entries on two entries on two guillot road. What we're proposing, this is as you may recall, was also part of our transportation plan that you adopted last year is to build a road from that stubout north to Shimmy Metery. We have had conversations with there's two property owners involved. The northern property owner has agreed to donate the parcel. We've requested a 70-foot right away. The southern property owner. We have that property appraised and the it's 0.68 acres of that we would be requiring to have a 70-foot right away here. Our goal dependent upon your vote this evening would be to move to acquire the property as quickly as we can. Not only for the northern extension from this neighborhood, but also to make a drainage improvement. As you'll know, we've been spending a considerable amount of time on the lower right of where Clint's screen was working on what we've coined the lily pond to capture a lot of the offsite run off before it infiltrates phase two