can remove me from office. How dare you sit up on that podium and judge councilman Rayo and accuser of the perception of receiving special treatment? One thing you the public need to know, I have received text messages from each and everyone sitting up there asking for special privileges for your family members and special friends. I show you as evidence the text message I received from councilman Bojiano on March 2nd, 2023. I don't ever ask you to fix tickets anymore, but this is a good friend who's been helping his wife, I will not were named, with her business and also with her medical needs. She's a nurse at LGMC. If you could please take care of this one, I'd really appreciate it. Furthermore, councilman Bojiano, it saddens me to learn that you and your wife decided to assist a small group of disloyal, disloyal, disgrunted, self-serving employees in facilitating these false allegations against me. Your wife was part of an criminal investigation into the stealing of video evidence from the city's police department. Out of respect for you, your family and the reputation of this city, I made the decision to handle this administratively instead of criminally and was going to be satisfied with investigating only the person that copied the video evidence and perpetrated this and be happy with terminating him on a severe policy violation that is not the case anymore. You persisted in aiding and abetting these disloyal employees with disrupting the day-to-day operations of this department. I ask that you immediately resign your position with this city council and the Youngsville Fire Department as you have now damaged the great working relationship between the fire and police departments that cheap prevent and I worked so hard to build. How dare you for sit up there and some of you naysayers sitting out in all these past judgment on a woman that admits she made a mistake by assuming she could drive home exhausted, not impaired and I said exhausted and loud herself to be distracted and had a traffic accident. How do I come to that conclusion? Well, I'll have you know I am sfst certified and entrained to no signs of impairment. She was not impaired. I'll repeat again she was exhausted not impaired. It is called an accident for a reason. It's simply that an accident. She made a human error like each and every one of us all sitting in this room have made in our lifetimes. She has apologized for her misjudgment and her actions that night. And for those of you that know Miss Rale know that her actions at night were completely out of character for her as she comes from a law enforcement family and has always respected the law enforcement community. It clearly shows she sustained some sort of head trauma. She didn't allow the attempt to bribe anyone as the article in the advocate would mislead you to believe she offered an apology