that puts his boots on every day and goes to work. I'm the guy that's going to go to Baton Rouge and fight for us. Mayor, I knew you guys. Miss Simone, if you don't have a good state rep and a good senator, it's hard to get money for your communities and you really have to have somebody in Baton Rouge fighting for you every day. I'm just here to tell you I'm the guy to do it. I'm the guy that's going to bring home the money and move out. I'll perish. I'll district 49 forward. Please guys, I'd ask for your support in October and anything I can do, please call me, my website, sanideries.com, and my phone numbers are on there as well. Thank you so much for everything. Thank you, Sandy and Brown of applause for all the candidates. And I know as Mrs. Swift mentioned early voting starts on the 30th in the La Newville location, the La Newville library that Bruce Sard Young'sville and Lafayette worked hard to get will be available for that. So again, we wish all the candidates the best of luck. I failed to mention, I know we did the roll call, but councilmember Romero, there's a home south side game this evening and councilmember marrers the voice of the sharks. So he has a responsibility there in regrets he could make the meeting this evening. agenda item 4.1 approval of the August 10th 2023 meeting minutes. All right, there's a motion by Mr. Bulljano. Mr. Bulljano. Good. All right. Second by Mr. Lennon. Okay. All right. Any council discussion or comment? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please open the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you. agenda item 4.2 is approval of the August 24th 2023 special meeting minutes motion by Mr. Stan's Berry. Second by Mr. Lennon. Any council discussion? Okay. No council discussion. Any public comment? All right. Hearing no public comment. Ms. Gidry, please open the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you. Ms. Gidry. Finance report 5.1 approval of the July 2023 finance report. All right. Motion by councilmember Bulljano. Second by councilwoman Champagne. Any council discussion? Any public comment? All right. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right. Thank you. Council other business agenda item 6.1. As to request a variance to allow for 20 foot garage setback for lot 70 within Benson Grove subdivision. I met with the the developers earlier today. So I told them that their attendance wasn't required this evening and I felt like it represented but did take some notes though. This is regarding lot 70. Council you recall that our front setback requirement for new subdivisions is 20 feet. However, we have required a 25 foot garage setback in all of our new developments. So the slot narrowed in with the curve of the road and what they're asking for is