city of Yonge'sville. We still have a long road to get to, to get that designed and constructed for funding and so forth. But my intention provided at your direction would be to utilize this property to house a future fire station at some point in the future. When we look at our 30-year population build out, it's no secret that a lot of our growth is happening in the south of our city. And this was a prime location at Shim and Agriab. It's really near Longline. So Longline and Guillot Road is really where the property is. But it would border the new development known as Longline-A region states. Ms. Barrett. Are you saying, OK, my apologies for motion a second. And then Ms. Shampon, Joe, a question. Yes, sir. I see where it says negotiate and accept the donation. Is there any further negotiations that have come? No, ma'am. The negotiation, I'm glad you asked. The negotiation is really done with your permission. What I've had some high level discussion with preliminary, of course, based on your direction tonight, would be to waive the equivalent of about 13,000 of plating fees for the property. On the development these in right now? Yes, ma'am. The Longline development. Correct. We've not recorded that final plait. That final plait will require plating fees prior to the recordation of it. And so my proposal to him would be in acceptance of the 6.82 acre lot that we would waive the 13,000 dollars in permitting fees that would be required. OK, thank you, ma'am. Is there any other council comment? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry. All in favor? Motion approved. Thank you, 7.1, ordinances for final adoption. Ordinance 489, 2024. In ordinance of the City of Youngso, Louisiana, amending chapter 24 utilities of the code of ordinances, establishing the requirements for permitting directional boring operations. The motion by Ms. Champagne. And a second by Mr. Bull, John, is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? OK, seeing no public comment, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote on final adoption. All in favor? Motion approved. Thank you, 7.2, ordinance 357.2, 2024. In ordinance amending ordinance number 357.1, 2013. Performance land use regulations within the city limits of the city of Youngso, Louisiana. Motion by Mr. Bull, John, and a second by Councilman Champagne. Sir, any council comments or discussion? Disquincidentally, this is the performance land use ordinance that we were referencing earlier that will likely be subject to further changes specifically to the heart of our city. With this particular ordinance does, it's just reclassifying a couple of existing roads moving them into the major arterial definition of our code of ordinances, which is we're going to require that they be the frontage, the 200-foot depth be used for commercial properties. And it's also assigning a land use classification for the property around the fortune-road extension that's under construction today. So all right, Ms. Kiddry, please call the vote. Oh, and