they're confirming the utility depths in some of those spaces there. As I mentioned, Tim's on vacation right now. So let me just go to Terry. Dressed everything on the parks and everything. Of course, drain is works continue and just about every day. We need drain, grass and dine. So that's all so everything's going good. Any questions from the council? All right. Thank you, Terry. Appreciate it. Catherine Nicole, any other announcements? All right. Well, I guess I'll kick off maybe a few announcements before you hear from council announcements. In no particular order here. I see Mr. Trayhan in the office. Just want to congratulate your wife if you let her know when you get home. Principal of the year for Lafayette. Principal of the year for the state. So that's an incredible. So she's wonderful in her job. And I'm proud to know her. So please send her our regards. Secondly, I want to mention Sarah. I failed to mention it when you were up. But this past weekend, several of us went in. We're part of the Louisiana Municipal Association. Conference our convention in Alexandria. We were proud to be recognized with an honorable mention for our downtown streetscape pump station three upgrade project in the heart of our city. That's a project that domains that was the lead on. And we're also part of the organization. As well as a group of talented designers outside of their organization. So unfortunately everybody can't win the top prize. But the honorable mention was still pretty decent. I came home and I was somebody said, what does that mean? You didn't even get first second or third. I don't know. It's the winner and then honorable mention. So I would assume that there were some people that didn't get honorable mentions. But anyway, I was proud to get that out the way. I want to congratulate Simone. She has a new granddaughter to the family. So thank you very much. School is back. And we know today was the first day where we're seeing some challenges with the traffic. We saw it last year too. And I think it's going to take some adjustment. I forgot to mention to the ARCA folks. They put out as expected a very detailed map of how to use their car lineup. So I'm going to try to get that shared on social media for those. They even had some test runs last week with it. But I guess not everybody participated in the test runs. Yeah. Two more comments. One water conservation. I put something out this weekend of asking people to really hold back when trying to water unnecessarily. The reality of it is, frankly, I'm not sure that it made a difference. I think that's what I think we need to go back to is just following what's provided by OUS and that's the even and odd days. I think if we all do our part and stick