the 25-26 school year. That is, stands being built. The capacity of the entire home and end-to-visitor side will be 4,400 people. We will also have concession stands. We will have restrooms. We will have a $3 million field house with weight room inside of it so that these kids are not going to have to go to the school or come back. They'll be right there. So lots of different things happening even to the point where there's two architects doing this work. We want to focus on the field house, the others focusing on the field itself. Also we're going to have track. We're going to make sure that there is a eight lane track that kids can actually use throughout. So again, we're going to give, and I say this all the time, we're going to give the kids in Young'sville what every other school has. And again, I said it to the mayor and I'll say it to you. Listen, let's let the past be the past. These kids knew nothing about what happened back then. What they know is that they don't have these things and they've been traveling to St. Martin Parish and they've been doing all these different things. That's not fair to those parents. That's not fair to those kids. So I am looking forward that the field is actually going to be ready within the next couple of weeks. We're going to have kids practicing on that field. We're going to make sure that JV Games can be played on that field this year because we have lights. We're going to make sure that we do everything we can to utilize it. Even the band kids, the band kids are actually going to be able to go and practice on a turf field where lines are already there. So again, lots of different things happening. I'm excited for this community. I'm excited for the school. Listen, we got 1,830 kids at Southside High School. 1,830 kids. When you walk through that school in the morning, there's kids all over. I mean, it's happening. It's a very lively place. It's a place that has a lot of spirit, a lot of culture, and by all means, those kids support each other. Just go to a game and see exactly what happens in the stands when they're supporting their teams. Anything else? Council members? Mr. Consumers. I'm just going to echo what Simone said. I don't think we've had this most communication and dialect with a superintendent since I can remember not knocking prior administrations, like you said. I think what you've done with the current board and yourself and your administration is phenomenal. And it's showing throughout the past. Keep up the good work. Thank you. Thank you. Ditto. It's extremely refreshing. So keep up the great work and we're proud to be partners with you, Superintendent. So thank you all so much. Thank you for being here. We have another obligation