has pictures everywhere and he took a flashlight as his pointer. And he would go, this is my son, you know, he was telling us all about everything. And then he must have, he must have had 20 or 30 photo albums. And you know, somebody like that that could have come in and talked to a group of school children about the fire department or or just anything in young's field. I think it would be a real good thing for our children and for adults alike. Yeah, I guess the basis of my, I guess you can answer my question. I was more concerned. I didn't know if I'm, you know, had any intentions on shifting walls, removing things. I didn't know that's all realistic with this exact. I don't think we, I don't think we have to. Okay. Yeah, it's, it really is set up very nicely for a museum. And I'll volunteer as well. You said to. Before whoever wants to pull the wagon. I should have expected. Well, I think I think there's some opportunities. I mean, you know, when we really wanted to do something, we found a way up most of them. So I think we just need to know the plan. It's new. I know y'all thought about it, but let's, you know, we'll just make sure there's a good plan here and some ideas about raising money over the over time. You know, we'll talk about potentially even maybe us purchasing it and buy it back from us or, you know, let's just see. Let's see what we can do in 21 days. You okay with that? Everyone else is okay. You need a motion. Some side podges. I think it was their emotion. I'm going. Yeah, I made a motion to. I'm going to go into the due diligence phase with purchasing the property at 403 Lafayette Street. With the historical society put in the deposit. But no commitment until we reconvene at a special council. The motion by councilman stands very second. Second by councilman Volgiano, any council comment. Yes, we are doing a vote. We'll welcome any other public comment. All right, no public comment. Yes, ma'am. I'm sorry. Miss Roberts. Yes, come on up. Yes. But as a board member of the Mr. presentation side, I just want to invite all of y'all to go out and look at the bridge. Miss Roberts. Really nice. The sidewalk out in front facing the roundabout. And we are still selling bricks. If you need a. Yeah, just so we can hear. Yeah, we did. Yeah, the meetings being streamed just so we can. That's why the mic. Anyway, we are still selling four by eight bricks for $100. So you help pave the way. Leave a like a. Honor over a memory of. And you also provide the proceeds go to the side to help with this. How is the brick campaign going? No, no, no, no. All right,