you all right good evening everyone it's Thursday August 8th 2024 tonight is the regular Scheduled City Council meeting for the city of Youngsville for the our invocation I'd like to invite Pastor John Cannon from asbury United Methodist to lead us in our invocation and then if you remain in our pledge to see the movie led by councilwoman Barras pastor welcome to youngsville sir thank you let us pray all loving and ever gracious God we give you thanks for this life and all of its wonder for family and friends and neighbors for opportunities to bring goodness to the people around us and for the privilege of serving those to whom we are responsible we pray for this community that it might be a place where people can thrive together that it might be a place of cooperation and caring and that it might be a place where loving kindness builds bonds of peace we pray for our elected and appointed leaders and all who serve in civic life for wisdom in the fulfillment of their duties for a sense of meaning and purpose in their work for fairness and equity in their decisions and for integrity and the service of the public interest may their work here this evening be a gift of goodness to the people bringing prosperity and safety to those who call youngsville their home and promoting the well-being of all who may pass through we pray this in the name of the God who steadfast love and self-giving grace is a light of guidance for our lives. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one-an under God, individual with liberty and justice for all. Thank you. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Bares, here. Ms. Volgiano, here. Vermeiro, here. Ms. Cree, here. Ms. Shampine, here. Thank you, Nicole. For recognition's persons to address the city council this evening, Nick Nylens, here at Oedances Canada, to see for city council division D. Nick, welcome. Hello, everyone. Thank you all for having me here today. Like Mayor Ritter just said, my name is Nick Nylens and I am running for city council division D. I'm a husband and a father. And I've been in youngsville for about eight or nine years now. And I wanted to also start out by thanking all of our teachers. I know today was a great day for all of them getting to see all of those fresh new smiling faces. And I know 13 years ago, 14 years ago, for me, it was my first day as a teacher and a coach in my first career. And I know how exciting that was for me. So just to shout out to all the teachers out there. And then just to kind of give like a little brief rundown on me education wise, I got my degree in education. I got my second degree