the 300, if it's 200 or 300 foot rule, you know, of course, as you all know, I mean, we would probably be, yeah, a couple of houses one on fourth, one on third, you know, that would that would be triggered to where they would get a notification. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. Yeah, I just I think they have definite feelings about sure. Let's build on there. Sure. I don't I don't discount that at all. Okay, thank you. So the only other variance would be the garage parking. Well, also the floor plan. Oh, yeah, I'm positive. And I put that on there and I kind of had a question more because it seemed like it was referring to only town homes in the way it's written in the code. I don't think it's going to be an issue either way. Like I expect we're going to have four different at least four different floor plans anyway. If I if I could and you know, council, this was this was some of your ordinance. So I don't want to speak for you, but I think the intention when you pass this ordinance relative to the floor plan restriction was really when we're looking at the facade. And I think the way, you know, what I think your objective at the time was you wanted something that was going to be unique, not cookie cutter and not, you know, basically where there was a change of plane. We have that in our commercial code today to where if you're coming with the, you know, 50,000 square foot commercial building, there's a requirement today in our commercial code where the plane has to break, you know, that's where it's like this and then it comes on it does this. Just to add some character character in like unique design characteristics, I think the way with reading it now, I believe what we did, how we articulated that within the ordinance was four unique floor plans. But what's inside, I don't know that that reading it now, I don't know that that really matters or what was that the objective, you know, I think that's a development. I mean, they they have to know what's what they're doing on the inside. I think it was really what's the outside look like, but maybe elevation plan, elevation, I think you were looking for, you were looking for distinct elevation plans, which is very typical in in development. Correct. Correct. Matt, did you have a, no, I didn't know. I'm just looking at the map. Council, any other comments or thoughts about it? I mean, Councilman Barraz, I mean we did, I mean, Nicole and I did, we followed the requirement of the ordinance as it's written today. I don't have an objection, I think if it's the right thing to do, it's the right thing to do if more people are invited. So I don't mind having that conversation, I