a surplus of about $900,000. So it really goes down quite a bit but it is a surplus. So I just wanted to point that out and you know we've done this, we've do this all the time at the audit when we present the audit to you to let you know because it's kind of difficult to kind of envision well man we had a $21 million surplus on paper and a $23 million deficiency next year but that's kind of levels it off so to speak. So you can look at it from an operational standpoint but it is positive all three years. I just wanted to mention that. Any questions? We've looked at a lot of numbers, we've said a lot of things so any questions from the council then to mayor. Okay are there any other funds that you'd like to look at or any questions but anything that's not been discussed or addressed? I was like a day that I was looking at the portfolio and originally sent out on the agenda just to transfer for 2023. Okay yes I think if you use as long as you're using the bound book you have the most updated copy of it. Point that out. Yeah. It was around $169. Yeah we talked about that but yeah it's been encompassed in the numbers that they're looking at that. Catherine, am I correct? Yeah. Any other questions? So the council we can do this a variety of ways if you'd like. I mean we our regular meeting starts at six and then we can have discussion now we can this is a public hearing we can open it for public comment at this time. Should there be any similar to how we do a a plat meeting we can also of course entertain public comment during the regular council meeting you know which however you would like to handle it so since where I had a schedule we we happen to sure if there's any public comment related to the to the proposals of the to the proposed fiscal year budget which starts July 1st we will entertain that at this time if there's any public comment. All right if there's no public comment if there's any any council comment. All right well then why don't we why don't we adjourn the shall we adjourn the public hearing now and then we'll pick it up in 20 minutes to to get into the regular to the regular council meeting at that time. All right thank you all again we appreciate it and value your business we certainly do tonight to pleasure working with both of you and thank you for thank you for being here to go over it so public hearings adjourned and we will be beginning at 6 p.m so we'll see you shortly.