it has something to attach it to. And additionally, along Bonan directly across the street from that, we've got that continuous sidewalk with which is the path to least resistance because there's no driveways and all that where if you'll do end up doing a sidewalk on that side, I think people will probably be using the other side anyway. So. Right. Yeah. Not looking for an exception just a postponement. All right. Council, I know that I know we don't have it on the screen, but council, you have it on the on you have it before you. Any questions from Ms. Morley? No. All right. Is there a council member or a marrow? Yeah, I'll make a motion to approve variants for the sidewalk to postpone to any installation of the sidewalk at 2513 Bonan Road till there's a need for a connection. All right. Thank you, sir. And Mr. Boljana seconds. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any other public comment related to this matter? If there's no public comment, please call for the vote. Motion approved. Thank you. We're excited about having you there. I know you've been talking about it for a while, but thank you for from glad you're continuing to move ahead with this. Thanks. Yeah, plans are done. Just worked on the landscaping. Yeah. I'll be submitting soon. All right. Thanks. Look forward to it. Appreciate it. Permit fees are, you know about the permit fees right now. Okay. Good. All right. Yeah. Wait, we're on sale. All right. agenda item 7.2 is another variance request to allow a reduction in a garage setback from 25 feet to 20 feet for a lot 10 of sable south. Okay. Mr. Chad, users here and council. You have Mr. Is it you? Yeah. You have his letter for you in the packet. So, yeah, we started on our plans in August of last year. Chad Brussard was interested homes is. I'm going to be building our homes. We finished everything up and then it became known to us about the setback. Currently, we're got our final plans and hopefully in two or three weeks will be building. So. I'm just going to be working. Council any comments or any feedback? I'll just share with you for what it's worth. I think I'm the one that that I believe I know I'm the one who with the best help and just talking as administrative team about the 25 foot garage setback. I don't I don't have any particular issue with this, you know, at all as the as the person that initially brought this forward. You know, I think that I think that's a little south is going to be a great neighborhood. I think that there's a. You know, a handful of cul-de-sac lots and then also corner lots of which this is one that kind of make it a little bit more challenging for the floor plans that you'd like to have