the transistor radio, you know, because electricity was out there. But the whole neighborhood would come over. And why? Because it was family. I mean, they were related to us, but they were probably closer than some people that we were related to. You know, there was. And that's what that neighborhood, that kind of neighborhood can, can make happen. And that's, that's what I hope that we can bring back. So, let me see what's next. So, so another, another vehicle that we need to address is, and the mayor addressed this earlier, that I helped write the performance land use ordinance. And the performance land use ordinance is based on, first of all, it's not zoning zoning. And my mind is a very negative thing because it tells you what you can't do with your land. You cannot do this. You cannot build a beauty shop in your front yard. You cannot build a grocery store on your property. You cannot, you cannot do all of these things is zoning. The performance land use allows you to do anything you want with your property as long as you don't adversely affect your neighbors. Okay. So, it's a very permissive ordinance, a permissive way of managing growth. And it's based on two great principles, a American principle of freedom to do what you want with your land and the Christian principle of do on to others as you would have them do on to you. There's some tweaking that needs to happen to their ordinance. And so, I'm hoping that in the next phase of this work, we will, we will get to that. So, tonight is to open dialogue with the residents and the developers to achieve a goal of breathing you life into the church treat neighborhood. I hear her crying for help. She's reached out. She reached out at a meeting, what, two, three months ago. She reached out with those trash that was on the roads. When I drove around. She's reaching out to us and asking her for help. Additional discussions have had need to happen after tonight, but they can start tonight with the residents. That's essential. And that's the reason why they're in put. The results will not be successful. However, the residents need to understand that the developers are part of the solution. They're not the problem. Similarly, we need discussions with developers as paramount. But their investments need to be blended with the values of the residents. They need to keep in mind that the residents will be the guardians of their investments. Final words. The young's real church treat neighborhood is not unique. I live in one almost exactly like in Karen Crow. Right next to my house is a trailer, a very dilapidated trailer, and then a shack that's probably 10 by 20 that someone used to live in until it was condemned. I see the same neighborhoods in Scott, in Brobridge, in Broussard, and folks, it's across