mr. Held to fill the vacancy on the civil service board hall and favor congratulations mr. Held congratulations and mr. Held I know this won't be the last time we see you continue to stay active in the community and we sincerely appreciate you putting yourself up uh to serve and uh certainly other opportunities will present themselves and uh if it's okay with you we'll keep your name top of mind for other opportunities on committees as they come available so thank you so much sir all right mr. Held to join the item 7.3 mr. Wayne brusard is requesting a rear setback variance to encroach the 10-foot setback easement outline in section 105 33 for an accessory building located at 113 Philcress Parkway um let's see I know mr. brusard is here right yes sir mr. brusard um council what's your pleasure I mean I'm happy to handle it as however you see fit so mr. amera mayor I know I don't know about the other three council members that myself and miss kree did go out and visit it with mr. brusard the other night uh from my understanding and what I'll bring back what I found out was essentially uh ask contractor whose license everything rated on angios lists very high to come out contractor said I'll go ahead and put the permit in for you mr. Wayne came home from work for some reason uh I guess he had a good feeling it sounds like or spiritual moment that he should have been home in uh concrete's port and curing already uh sounds like from what uh Garrett said in the permitting department it's a two-foot variance that we're asking for on the setback uh if you don't know where this property is it is on the side of earnest gallette uh floodway waterway I think behind them where we can't develop anything in that property after the drive when you're looking at an earnest gallette yeah so uh it's an older neighborhood neighborhood too so you have a lot of homes that have a lot of concrete in the backyard as well but uh the good thing is I will say this most residents don't know they have to get a permit I know we talked about that as much as you'll put it out they just don't know but he did have the common sense and uh making sure he's doing the right thing and made them stop doing anything further so there's no building there yet and uh he has been working with k-line Garrett and I think he's just at an impasse right now but I don't know anybody else has seen anything yeah uh Matt I'll concur with what you said I had a chance to speak to Mr. Wayne earlier this morning uh he sent me some photos and whatever everything and kind of ran me through the process and what exactly happened um I know that our ordinance