is that how they're going to put it or will be notified when they're doing it. No so the topography I mean that that can just be shot with like just the existing lid or that's on the the state's website or they can shoot it like a more updated topography with a drone. But yeah the topography that's just looking at how the properties is draining the survey maps that that's like a separate type of survey. Okay. Thank you sir. Sir anyone else that was just to address the council about Sugarmobon. I'm so using Rosewell. All right any final council comments or questions. All right thank you. We'll go ahead and move to the final one. 2.3 request for preliminary platter approval for a petition of lot one into lots one A and 1 B for say bond located in section 17 T 11 s r 5 E. This one's a little bit more simple or simpler division. Yeah Clint. Yes sir. So council this is just the owners of say ball is looking at subdividing their lot. Of course you guys know say ball is further down by a shim at park they they own the property from the shim and metter roadway all the way back to all my master. So what they're looking at doing is subdividing the property from one lot into two and taking that rear lot and they're looking at at putting some some storage units there as far as the other storage units council. I have not received anything from them prior to you guys passing that last ordinance for the storage units so they will be adhering to everything in that new ordinance. So a mayor I recommend the city of youngs will approve this plenary platter with the following comments detail at 10 foot utilities made with niches at the property lines along all my master road the setbacks to be noted on the platter 20 foot front 5 foot side 10 foot rear. Included vicinity map on the platter provide a utility legend on the platter detail of the legal description on the platter with the point of beginning and point of commencement include the data and geo on the platter for the platter conditions a a six foot perimeter sidewalk is required where development fronts of public roadway the developers is reminded that all new construction must be elevated 18 inches above the sit on the road or one foot above the bf e whichever is higher in the rest of the comments are our typical comments man. Yeah the unique one about this one is just what we know what's what's coming we did have some talk with the with the property owner initially they talked about doing other town homes or storage so we knew that it was out there there was just conceptual but clents right I mean they they reviewed they have some preliminary thoughts and design plans of what that would