would expect another governing body to have a myriad of priorities as well. So it's not, I don't have a criticism of how dollars are being spent largely as much as I do about I just need some direction as I seek from you when we prepare our budget. I think we all know what our priorities are because we've laid them out and we're moving forward and we're progressing with them together. The clarity I need is how much of a priority are we placing on fire protection services outside of our city limits because, you know, my heart tells me one thing, but my brain tells me something else. And I think with a little direction, I think we can bring clarity to how big of a priority should we be placing as a department on responding to areas that aren't directly paying in to the property tax, you know, that we are. And just, you know, for, you know, another step of clarity, point of context rather, we do have young, old property owners do pay a millage dedicated for fire protection. We have grown our fire department in excess of that dedicated millage and we're using sales tax funds to supplement, you know, that, that agency, it is the right thing to do. We voted on it. We've, the dirt deemed it a priority. We've approved it with hopes that eventually the property tax collection may catch up to offset how we're supplementing it with sales tax collection. But, you know, those sales tax dollars could be used for, you know, anything of which you decide to use them on because largely they're undeticated dollars. You know, there's not many dollars within your budget that can be used for any undeticated purpose. The dollars that were dedicating to the fire department in excess of the dedicated property tax can be used on any priority that you deem appropriate. Fire department has been an excellent benefactor of those dollars. But when you look at how those dollars are being spent, you know, as a department, that's what brings concern. And let me just be exceptionally clear, this is not a criticism or critique of our fire department. I'm so proud of the work that our fire department does and the, the, the work that they've done since they were incorporated, you know, in the 50s or 60s. You know, I take personal pride in it the last year and a half because that's when we've really dialed in more and increasing, you know, coming up with a pay plan, doing a staff in model and so forth. So, does that answer your question? I just want to chime in one, one clarity. Maybe for the residents that are, the residents that are asking, for those of you that may be more prepared, we're getting aggravated that we're paying a city, city tax dollars to fire in our fire department. The reason why we've continued to respond outside