throughout Lafayette. I don't want to see that happen, because that affects everybody that lives in our parish. I promise you, I'm going to bring open and transparent government. I don't know how many minutes I have. I hope I'm okay. I've been concerned with this administration. We've had no big contracts. I know that people are here, and I'm glad to see some people that have worked for us. But we've had the majority of our big construction projects done with nobeds. 96.7% of the large contracts last year were went to rigid constructors. Whether or not that was the right contractor, I don't know. But I'm not going to do that in my administration. We're going to have open, transparent government. We're going to have everything on the website, not just open checkbook, where you have to know who to look for before you find what was spent. But everybody, it's going to be much more transparent. But basically, I'm going to be open for business, for all people, whether they live in the city of Youngsville, the city of Lafayette, or in the unincorporated areas. I'm here to serve this community as a 42-year Republican. I registered when I was in law school. My family hadn't been active, but Reagan was in then. And that, for those of you that might remember, it was a time of immense pride. I've always been proud to be a Republican. But the main principles I'm proud of is fiscal conservatism. I'm not going to waste one dollar of money that could go to something. Let's say we have intergovernmental agreements with Youngsville. Let's spend those dollars wisely. Let's invest in our parks. Let's invest in our people. I thank you for your time. The election is coming up. I don't know if you said it, David, that the election is October 14th. It's less than a month away. But early voting is starting now by mail-in ballots. And you can go vote in person. And I think Youngsville has a place where people can conveniently vote starting September 30th. I hope you'll consider me. Please vote for me. And even more importantly, when I get elected, please know that I'm here to serve everyone. You'll be able to trust my open and honest government. Thank you for your time. Thank you, Ms. Swift. Best of luck to you. The gen item 3.3, Mr. Sandy Derees is here. Derees to announce his candidacy for Louisiana State Representative District 49. Welcome, Sandy. Good evening, guys. Welcome. Thank you so much for having me, Councilor and community. Great venue. You guys do a fantastic job to start off with. I feel I know most of you, so good to be here. First off, my name is Sandy Derees. Like I said, from Generat, Louisiana, Graduate in New York City, in New York City, in New York City, in New York City. And ultimately, I went on and became a paramedic for seven years.