to town. They're actually from Spain. Their training and methodology is considered one of the top in the world. They usually only come to large metropolitan areas. We were able to host them in Young's who in 2018. And they really enjoyed being here. The campers will come from far away to take part in their camp with over 150 campers. Recreation Center all pick-a-ball counts on aging classes. Free play continues. We're hosting the summer basketball camps in tournaments this month and next month. Biddy basketball summer league will begin in about two weeks. Especially events. We recently had the MMA event that took place on the World Day weekend. Which was the largest attended event. Yeah, they've had another one before this one. But this one was the most well attended. I heard it was sold out. Is that correct? Pretty much. Who was that? That's the MMA. The Young's in the Rotary of course, pick-a-ball and pints. We decided not to talk about it. Fourth of July event. We're continuing to plan for that. The Mustang World Series coming up towards end of July. The Asia Pacific Zone can travel again. So Japan will be part of the tournament this coming year. And girls World Series will be back in 24 and 25. Of course, the splash park we had substantial completion. So the fun day will be Saturday at 10 a.m. The Bubble Bus of Acadiana. MLR Magic, face painters and balloon artists. Kona Ice, Charlie's Ice Cream Truck and YC Concessions. Fun jumps from Bouncy Bounce. So that will take place this coming Saturday. And that's everything. All right. Any questions for Tim? It would be nice to have the full international pony tournament again this year. So thank you. Sarah. Sarah. Sarah is our civil engineer with domains. The wastewater treatment plan upgrade is in permitting with L.D.H. And L.D.Q. And we're awaiting the rate study. I believe they finally. Yes. We just received confirmation. The critical path was getting a rate study to make sure we're charging our appropriate rates. And we're there. We're waiting for the right study. We're waiting for the right study. We don't have a timeline yet, but at least a couple of months. That's a. That's a holding every day. The water plant is also awaiting the right study. Waterline interconnections. Awaiting the right study and it's in permitting. And the elevated storage tank is awaiting the right study. So once we have that. We'll be ready to. So yeah, as soon as I can. All right. Thank you. Appreciate the update. Any questions about anything from domains? We did. We told Susa that we did submit the streetscape project and pump station up. Pump station three. Land and work hard to submit that for us to be for the LMA. Louisiana Municipal Association Community Achievement Awards. This year, as you all know, last year we were. ISQUA God sodium George Monter at that time. We went further