to do that after the drainage is in. We have submitted to the contractor, JB Mutal, all the plans necessary with the exception of just the stage component of the amphitheater. So all the electrical, mechanical, plumbing, structural, all that's done. So they are now in the motion if you will, of going towards the guaranteed maximum price so that we can begin those conversations and see where we're at. So far, so good. We've had some good weather with exception. I was telling Terry and I were talking before. I promise you we didn't plan any grass on that berm but it's growing a lot of grass right now. So Terry thought we hydroceded it but we did. So I guess it's just seeds coming from where we took the grass at but it's looking good out there. So anyway, any questions? We'll start seeing more and more work. IDIM construction is out there. They are JB Mutal sub that's doing the water sewer, drainage, and dirt work. And they've been pushing hard. They've been working weekends, taking advantage. Jude is taking advantage before we start getting into, you know, rain. So anyway, any questions? Thanks. Thanks. Thank you. Thanks. Appreciate it. And Clint, you have anything? No, just an observation to put it to the council. I noticed it last week. We were talking about this. The private development reports on your desk. You can see, I mean, last in the year 2022, there was 298 total residential apartments issued for the year, for the calendar year. And then this year, year to date, we're already at 259. You know, just shy of like 87% of last year's entire total. The reason for that is in April 130 apartments were issued for the individual units for sweet water point, which is that the residential development that was approved down near, um, centred defense. But even if you take that one project out of those 130 apartments, we're still like, I mean, just shy of like 45% of last year's total. So, you know, we've been wondering like, what's happening with residential development? Spiking interest rates, things like that. It's been pretty quiet on the plat approval, you know, the preliminary plat approval. But as you all know, we still have thousands of home sites that are in various stages of development across the city. So, still encouraging to see that we're pacing really, you know, on par with where we were the previous year, just from private development. Sorry. Thank you. Chief, anything for the public or the council? So, schools out, uh, reminder, license drivers only, operating golf carts, no four wheelers on the roadways, no, uh, razors, just the golf carts that have been permitted through the city. I don't remember the date. Don't have a date for another permitting session in Sugar Mill. I don't, but we'll get, uh, we'll make sure that we find that out from dawn. And that way, we make sure