we already feel the open sergeant's position that was open from. Yes, sir. I'm actually. Tettle Vinny Landry was promoted a few weeks ago. Okay. I knew the promotion. That didn't correlate which position which where who wins or what. So I was just trying to ask. Mr. Romero. I think that's the point. Yeah, chief, I appreciate you taking the time to the press to talk. Absolutely. No, we talked at length. I think. And I wanted to express that. I understand the need. From your standpoint. But what concerns me is. A couple of things is that you know seven months for now we have an election. We don't know who our chief of police is going to be. I understand you're running. I understand there's probably three maybe four of the people running. One of the things that I recall from the sheriff's report is. The question in staffing. Not the people but the amount of. Positions and what's doing what. On top of that. I don't I think it's somewhat irresponsible of for myself. I'm not going to speak for the council to support this right now. And I got to be careful how I word this but I would almost suggest. I'm just. A tabling this till November when the election. Is finalized or December that away. Yourself or whoever. Is elected by the people of youngs will. Has that opportunity to decide if that's the staffing position they want. Or if they're maybe wanting something else. Because as you know as you stated it's civil service. So once that position is approved by us. Yes, it'll be a minimum amount for the next three months in this budget. Year but it's going to drastically go up and miss jump on. It averages about 25 to 30,000 above this pay. Get their own impers with everything else from what I've experienced over the last several years. So we're probably looking about 75 80,000 dollars after training. In the next budget year which. Not having everybody stack we can afford that but I think. If we're going to do this right I do think a newly elected chief of the people should have that opportunity to decide if it's what they want. Yourself whoever it might be. And that is no knock on yourself. I mean we appointed you to do a job that you're doing and. I just. I conflicts with a lot of things that we talked about over the last several months. Let me clarify on the training park. We have people within the department that are already trained in this. So they won't be sent any specialized training or anything over and above that. We pull them from our training budget or anything else. It'll just be a move into the position and transition to a supervisor position taken over. And splitting these multitude of duties that this one person is currently taking on. Miss champagne. I'm sorry I had another question.