two positive points in amenities for those, then I think it would, I think that's a fair thing to say. But if you don't want to require any, because of the variances, we're just I'm just asking for that clarification. But since the mayor asked, I think there should be a couple of positive points that they can do that, whether it's fence and tree or sign enhancements. I think those are easy win, it could be brick paths. You know, it could be in between the homes, instead of just having something that's just concrete. Maybe you brick it. Again, we allow that in our developments where you can just make a crosswalk brick or whatever and get past. So there's things that are not out, but they're all aesthetic related that I think. Five points. I mean, five points you can earn largely through greater green space. But I think what I think what I think. The purpose of the points was this basically to show investment into the development. Correct. And not just simply squeeze as much as you can. Sure. You know, I did not specifically look at land use relative to in the Royville district. We can look at it real quick. I mean, I don't want to do it. Because Royville, I think the way we wrote the land use ordinance was actually enabling there to be more density. I think if he's doing a fence it's going to take it's going to take care of that. Correct. You know, I just wanted to make sure that if he's doing a fence, but if he didn't have a fence or anything, that might be something that, again, could earn positive points, but I think could earn a lot of buy-in by those people who surround them. Yeah. I think you're right about that. I think the fencing on the two residential sides. Because you have a, I mean, which would be the north in the west, no north in the east side. Because you already have it on the park side. Oh, you have what a 10 foot trailer. Well, I think it's already a fence. Yeah. There's no fence over that. I have no problem with that. But say it's something about particularly lost or something like that. If you do have a loft and you have windows, you know, our town on it's obviously requires the Bermuda. I mean, are you going to, are you going to try to keep windows away from it? Yeah, we would try to position it to us not even looking down on the other. I mean, look, we're dealing with residents who've been there probably multi-generations. Sure. So I'm trying to take that into consideration myself. And I know the rest of the council probably will too. I do have a question regarding the park. Is, I think there is Vincent already on the park. There is. Is that something do y'all prefer that buffer there