get off of the floats. We've had incidents or accidents have happened several years back. There was a young lady who got off at one of the stops and the float rolled over her foot. So every every change we make, we realize that there may be another chain like an unintended consequence of it. But one of the things we did as well, we recognize that having the we're so proud to have 10 in CAA teams here that weekend. I mean, I don't think many communities of our size can say that it's 75,000 people in a 12 square mile area of a daytime pop of a normal population of like 18,000 people here and host an NCAA college tournament that you put in a parade. But one of the challenges for us with them was to get them back in time to start. They kind of take off and that creates a gap. So we were able to ride together as one and I can go on and on because there's so many things that every decision that was made of moving the chess piece was in response to feedback that we've learned from and debriefed in previous years. It wasn't the intention wasn't just shoot from the hip and let's see what happens. It was all really strategic moves that takes months worth of planning. So Miss Boris. I was just curious. It had been years since I've ridden in the parade. So I hadn't been on the route to see how crowded it was in different areas. Shema mattering around the roundabout community first bank. Tads. It was very, very crowded. I'm curious. All the changes that were made to the parade this year did it affect the crowds that we've had in the past. It was there of the size of the size of the crowd. So the end result. The parade length was exactly the same. And look, I was still to this day will share with you that that initial route left a little bit to be desired because if you if you were around my office or city hall just larger. We had probably 10 route versions. And it started getting really confusing. I'm just probably over sharing. But so I agree it left a lot to be desired because the intention was never to shorten the route. That's why we were so I was so quick to change it because I wasn't really completely sold on it to begin with. So ultimately what we landed on was the same length four miles, I believe it was four miles. So we took one mile off the end and added one mile to the beginning. And the idea behind it was for years the law enforcement person we count on we have you know without getting into strategy too much. We have I think 32 post certified officers that work for the city full time. That day we have I think we