much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So first off, thank you so much for allowing me to speak and present this to you. We partnered up with crew lobby. Do this year. We wanted to do something a little different, a little unique. And that was two things. So one partying up with two more of our crews that hasn't been done before. In addition to that, what we did, it's, you know, a hamburger cookoff. We have a lot of cookoffs and we have a lot of great food over here. And we always hear, you know, who's got the good burger? Who's got the good burger? So I said, hey, we'll try to figure it out. So that's that was the idea behind everything. So we've got a great, great lineup. We have about 20 different teams coming. We have some musicians coming. Obviously, we have, it's a family event. So we're going to have kids corner games, face painting. Excuse me. I'm petting zoo. I'm going to say pet cemetery. So yeah. But so we have a lot of things for the kids to do. Out of vendors. We're going to have Mr. Chris Loden from Planner Radio, one of six point seven. Mr. Weatherall videoing everything for us. TV3 is going to be out over there filming everything for us as well. So it's going to be a fun event. And we're hoping to grow on it, kind of expand on it, maybe even make it into a festival. But it'd be something fun, something new. And we're really looking forward to having the sound here. So any questions or anything? Could provide clarification for you guys? Well, Charles, we appreciate y'all creating another Marty Rock crew. And we're excited to have had your crew participate in the Marty Rock parade as well. And wish you nothing but success this weekend. See you in here that you're supporting the local fire departments too. So we appreciate it. And let me clarify that. And so also we invited the fire departments. Once again, Youngsville leading the way quickly jumped on said, hey, listen, we're going to, you know, we'd love to be there. Milton also is going to come take part. Great. And research has some festivities in the morning, but hopefully they'll be able to come take part afterwards. So once again, you know, thank you for that. It's going to be great for them, you know, for us to honor our, you know, first responders fire departments. So it's a good little cost for us. Sounds like a lot of fun. So we appreciate it. Thank you. And look forward to look forward to passing by myself and saying hello. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you. All right, did you know that I'm 4.1. I'd like to open it up for any public comment on the Youngsville Marty Groupp parade. We would invite your feedback at this time. If you do