survival, swimming, wearing Coast Guard approved life vests, and also learning CPR. Now, therefore, I, Ken Ritter-Mayor for the City of Youngsville, do you hear about issues this proclamation to recognize Maisie as water safety month in the City of Youngsville and witness where I've caught. I have here and to set my hand and cause the seal of the City of Youngsville to be a fixed this 13th day of April 2023. Miss Broussard, if you'd like to maybe come up to the podium, you can talk to the Educate the Council perhaps a little bit more about Maisie's mission. And then we have one other surprise or initiative rather for you. So Miss Broussard. Yes, thank you so much, Mayor and Council, just for this opportunity to be here tonight. With our parents and this is our oldest son, Watson, who was born in Youngsville and we're not from here. So I have to say, you know, I'm from North Louisiana, he's from New Orleans initially. And when we moved here for his job, we chose Youngsville to reside and that was back in 2011, the year that our son was born. And just I have to say this community was the perfect place to start our family. And we are just so proud of the community of the growth that we've seen since we have lived here. It has just been such a joy and a privilege and just to see how the leadership has taken on this city and just the growth and just welcoming residents like ours with open arms has just been so wonderful. We were living at a home in Youngsville at the time of our tragedy in 2020. And sorry, it's very surreal to be here tonight. One of the first things we realized, you know, was that there does need to be significant education and awareness surrounding water safety. So many things we didn't know as residents. But hearing from other families with small children, there's just so much work that needs to be done, not just here in this community, but throughout our state. One thing we learned immediately too was that in 2020, that was one of the years that Louisiana had a significant increase in the number of drownings, about 60% as far as children who drowned from 17 to 2020. Louisiana was in the top four nationwide as far as the number of drownings in small children one to four. And that's obviously not something that we're proud of. But an area that we do need to just take steps as far as education and awareness to do whatever is possible to change that. We're surrounded by water, of course, in Louisiana. A lot of people installed pools in those years with COVID people being home. We've talked to pool companies and there was an influx of installation. But there's so much more than that. Of course, we're surrounded by by use and lakes and coolies. Of