patrol out as normal paying attention to these things, trying to make sure we're catching them before they happen. But in addition to that, UPS FedEx. Every year contracts a lot of employees out. So you're probably seeing people in unmarked vehicles. You look at have vest and some kind of identification of business delivering packages, especially in bigger subdivisions. So that's a very common thing that you're going to see. The last thing I have is scams are on the rise. All year long with special nowadays, they typically target elderly people. Remember, I put this on our Facebook before I continue to share it. No law enforcement local or otherwise will contact you for money to ask you to get gift cards, to ask you to get anything of value to provide to them over the phone. If you have any warrants, anything like that law enforcement will contact you with the subpoena at your residence. It's not going to be over the phone. So just keep that stuff in mind so we can stop getting people scammed out of money. All right, thank you Chief. Are there any council announcements? All right. It's in this councilman Barraz. I just want to wish all of our military a happy veterans day for Saturday, V11. I also want to congratulate the Youngsville Lions Club. They won second place at the VFW Gumbelchibit Gouff this past Saturday. And I want to wish my son Jonah a happy birthday, 26th birthday, and a happy anniversary to my husband, 34 years. Where'd he go? I know he was here earlier. He's celebrating. Miss Champagne. Yes, thank you. Yes, I also want to just thank all our military for their service. Without their service to our communities in our state, you wouldn't see three women sitting on this podium tonight. So I'd like to thank them. And I'd also like to congratulate Miss Barraz and Miss Crete again tonight. Thank you. Yes. Thank you both. Thank you, Miss Champagne. I can't remember where Marra. Yeah, echo. Shannon, congratulations on winning your seat. Great victory. You worked hard for it. Congrats, Jamie. The only appointment. Welcome. And I know he's not here, but congratulations to our former colleague. Staying in his very, with his monster of a win. Hopefully he comes back and visits it's a couple of times. I don't know. But the only other thing is, if you don't have anything going on Friday night and you want to see a good playoff game, Southside High School is hosting. Unfortunately, we still play at St. Martinville High School out of the parish and all that good stuff. But if you want to come out and see some good football, they're playing some great ball Friday night seven. Playoffs every year. Every year since they started. How about that? How about that? All right. And Mr. Doyle-Budrow is also here representing Mayor President Gilley. So Doyle, thank you for what you're doing. I've