on social media, on the news or in this world that can stand here in front of me today and tell me they are a perfect person and that they feel that if they made one mistake in their life, it should completely overshadow all the great things that they have done and accomplished or that they should let one mistake define who they are as a person or what they stand for. Everyone makes mistakes and yes, we should be held accountable for them when it is appropriate. I watched the video, I saw disrespectful things, I believe an apology was owed and it was given. That's hard, it's hard to apologize. I've gone years without getting apologies from people and I can tell you Kayla will go years without getting apologies for the hateful things people have said to her recently and the death threats as she's receiving. But the type of person that she is is one who will still forgive those people and love them. I do not see that a life was lost or anyone was physically harmed. I don't see anything warranting someone losing a career, their good name or credit for the countless years of giving to a community that turned their back on her in one second. I end with this, John 8.7 says, but Jesus stooped down with his finger, wrote on the ground as though he heard them not. So when they continued asking him, he lifted himself up and said into them, he that is without sin among you, let him cast first stone at her. I ask you today all his human beings. Remember, God sent his only son to die on the cross to forgive you for your sins. Are you better than him not to offer that same forgiveness to others? Thank you. Thank you, Miss Smith. James Anthony. Thank you, sir. It's Deborah Duga. Deborah Duga. James Sevelle. How's it going, guys? My name is James Sevelle. Everybody knows me as Bobba. Bobba Sevelle. I wanted to come tonight because I had some few questions for you. Let me see. Is this better? All right. My question is to a few of you council members and the questions are this. Has anyone on the council received any outside council other than a city attorney about this conversations that we're having tonight? Has anyone hired anybody or spoken to any outside council about tonight's activities? Mr. Sevelle, we're going to take all the comments tonight. They'll be taken under advisement that there won't be a back and forth session. I thought so as not we can't ask questions. It's public comment. It's not public question. All of you need to be fired. Every single one of and I mean that. Thank you for your feedback. Brooker Amos. Brooker Amos. Good evening. I have a question based upon really what information has the council received that led to this particular point in time? You know we I