the ordinance number is in 2014 because that's how long it's been in place. We passed what we, we passed what we did at the time because that was the only way I could secure a third. I was a council member. That was the only way I could secure a third vote to get favorable passage because the chief at the time and we had two hard-nosed on the council. You know, have have we evolved? I mean, we're building, you know, those houses that are being built with, you know, golf cart garages and things. So I think I, I share your agreement that it's when I read in the neighborhood pages, it's kids that are being disrespectful to, you know, the stop signs and all these things. You know, but, you know, go by El Paso or, you know, what was poor, things like that. I mean, you see how people are using them. So, you know, I'm open to any, you know, changes, you know, on it. I mean, with the only thing that we, the only thing that we were presenting to you for discussion was really relative to the, to the permitting cost. But it can all be, it can certainly all be looked at. I mean, you can, you have a couple of things you can do. You can, you can pass it with a smaller registration fee. So at least, you know, we can continue our process from the administration of permitting at whatever new rate it is. Or you can, you know, you can certainly table this and decide to take a deeper look if you want to adjust other components, you know, of it. If you, if you pass it to adopt it tonight, any change, any further changes to it would have to come back for introduction and then lay it over for adoption again. We can still do that. I mean, it's, it's really, it's up for your, however, whatever you'd like to see or do in it. Oh, doing okay. I'm sorry. I forgot already. Is there any public comment? Ms. Shumpan? I was just going to make a comment. I think that we do need to lower the permit cost tonight. We introduced it last month. So I think we need to take care of that tonight and do a deeper dive into the golf court ordinance. We may take us a few months. Yeah. You know, look at everything that's going on now and, and all of the stipulations that we can come back at a different time. But I would, I would recommend that we just lower the cost tonight and then look, take a deeper dive into the complete ordinance. So fun later date. What is the pleasure of the cost? Because we never agreed on a cost. I will make, I will make a motion. Do you want to keep it at 50 for two years? I'll lower it to the cost