draw my line in the sand right here. And being honest, it's like, I would love for y'all, even I'll try to help you adapt some type of, of mobile truck. You know, I mean, ordinance, I'm fine with it to even help y'all. But I mean, if I run the generator, just to say, if I run the generator in the front of the parking lot, that has more noise ordinance regulated to it than me hooked to clean power, just being honest, right? My truck that we pay for, which we love our truck. It's $20,000 and it's for the health approved legit. I have a stamp, everything else that Ms. Dawn has checked. So we, it's nothing, you mean, we're doing nothing wrong. And if it's just me being unneverly, I'm at the point of asking, where does that line stop? I mean, I mean, I don't want to be rude. I really don't. But like, if I move the truck off, they still want my bar. They won't want my bar there. I think that's why I'm also, I'm glad to meet y'all. I hope we survive. I really don't think the complaints are going to stop. I think it brings up a couple of valid points. Not to say that I'm trying to, uh, first way to assert an direction, but if we all recall, when a other particular business was trying to establish in here, they created a lot of riff. Not with just that one, but quite a few. I think that the difference is because the policies and the ordinances we put in place since that building was built and established has changed and anything that goes in there that will cause any type of disruption, visually or audibly will create some sort of riff. Just from a personal stamp point ordinance aside, I don't have an issue with being on the side. If we enact an eye that it has to be in the front and that's where it's going to be. But if we continue to get the phone calls and the emails and the harassment about it, the noise issue, I mean, what, what are y'all doing? Because I mean, we can only like, with the paper around so much, the residents going to continue to live there and they're going to continue to call. And it's, it's going to, it's harassment on them to have them have decimal readings drawn on their bar or they're put their pub continuously day in and day out. It's a burden on them and it's a burden on us. So what is, what is this passing going to do for us in the sense of what do you want to do? I guess the thessish is my, that's my, my, my thought. If you, even if it's parking the side and he moves it daily to the front or if we're saying that we're mandating it, the order has to be parked