in P1 through capital outlay. At this point really just waiting for it to go through the bond commission. So just from my experience and I mean maybe others may know better some own you can maybe enlighten us but I think the bond commission typically starts authorizing new projects later in the fall typically. So that will be that getting that funded through our authorized through bond commission is really our critical path right now to putting that out to bid. So that's what I that's what I need. And then besides that the other things we'll need to get through the bond commission are going to be the additional dollars for young so highway so that we can just continue that project seamlessly. Relative to Shimon Agriabh with Pam is referring to we're looking at different concepts Terry and I we've all been meeting about it. I think what I would really what I'm going to recommend is that we do that in phases similar to how we've done with Larivier as an example you know we we bonan was one to Larivier you know that road was so gone we did a temporary you know overlay to get to the main event and the main events going out to bid. At the end of this year and that's going to be the reason it widen widening at six feet closed drainage sidewalk everything Shimon Agriabh I believe everybody it's obvious to everybody it's kind of deteriorating in my opinion pretty rapidly so. So initial we do have some money available from last year's capital outlay plus our match I'd like to see how far we can get with just doing a mill and overlay of at least you know maybe giat to as far as we can get and then maybe dates on as far as we can get we can do the whole road with the curve wonderful and then we're going to look at that middle section as kind of our next phase where where there's the hard 90 degree you know turns there. We don't know that we can wait you know for full design I think we need to do something probably temporary just to get us through there. So all right Susan want to give us an update on your water and sewer projects please. So the wastewater plant we are both finishing up those plans and working on getting the DEQ permit or DEQ approval. So in the station four we just just awarded pump station three we're opening biz August 13th. The water plant we're executing the contracts and sugar mill pond we're getting ready to start serving the first main route. So great progress on our on our sewer I mean in this year's budget pump stations three four and 14 are scheduled for a rehabilitation up sizing and the second one's already going out to bid. What's out to bid now for opening bids before the August meeting