speak since you've since you've been appointed. I've met you on your campuses. Well, actually before and when you were the intern and then also most recently. I know where your heart is. Your hearts with the kids and education and it's been a pleasure to develop our relationship. And I know that it'll only get stronger. So thank you for what you're doing to serve. The life of our school system that is a 30,000 students that are in your care and all the facilities. But we appreciate it. And I can tell you I know that we have a partner in education with you as a superintendent. So thank you for coming to to to be to open the dialogue even broader than you and I have done so far. So thank you. Mr. Ramirez. Yeah, Superintendent. I'll say this might be the first time a superintendent has been in front of us in the 10 years I've served. It takes a lot to come up and take the licks for prior administration and prior. But I think it ended the day. The fact that you are more than willing to work with your board, but you're more willing to work with the other elected officials and leaders within communities is huge. It doesn't matter how we get to finish line. The fact that you're getting us toward that finish line is phenomenal. I've heard nothing but good things. Kudos to yourself, Jeremy. The other board members who've pushed this. I talked to a couple of them today and it's much appreciated. So thank you. All right. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Councilman Shampa. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. I'd like to thank you all so superintendent to shit. I've known you for quite a few years prior to you being superintendent. I've been superintendents when you were with the Department of Education as well as principals. And you always he always means what he says and he does what he says. So I want to thank you for being here tonight. We know our children are in good hands and our parish and welcome to the city of youngsville and our parish. We look forward to seeing more of you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm John Ponder. All right. It's in the item 4.1. It's approval of January 11, 2024 regular meeting minutes. Motion by Mr. Romero and a second by Mr. Volgiano. Any council comment? Any public comment? Right. The schedule. Please call the vote. All in favor. Motion approved. Thank you, Council. 5.1 approval of the December 2023 finance report. Motion by Mr. Volgiano and a second by Mr. Romero and a council comment. Any public comment? Yes sir, please come on. Yes, I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. So you have a comment first. Yeah, just comparing from December to January. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr. Romero. I'm sorry, Mr.