that. I agree with the safety side. And I think we're going to, and I know the chief will and the officers, the enforcement, I think it's a big issue that we need to make sure happens. And at some point in time, we can't allow the golf courts on the street that aren't registered. So I think we need to give enough time to register them and then start enforcing the law. So yeah, with safety at the motion. Yes, ma'am. Mr. Ramirez. What, uh, I don't have the complete ordinance of probably $200 up to $200 is what the, it is to what's the secondary? Isn't it something like dirt is towing it and impounding or I'm going to pull it up for it. Oh, okay. Because I don't have it only. This is dead. So the first, I think it's, is it said at $200? I believe I think it's, I think it's set 200 for the first offense. It's three offenses, if not mistaken, right? I mean, it was last month. I'll tell you. Let's see. I mean, I look at, I, Linda, I agree with you. Like, I think, and so I know the, once the enforcement does start occurring, where the mouth's going to get around, uh, I do think the fee should be shocking when you get it, because I mean, when you get a speeding ticket over 10 miles an hour, it's 334 or whatever, it goes to 37. So that's a little shocking and a hit to the pocket book for anybody. Uh, yeah, I, I, I, again, enforcement's going to be the big thing on this. It says any permit of operation may be revoked by the chief of police or their design. If there is any evidence of material misrepresentation made in the permit application, if liability insurance has been revoked, suspended expired or is no longer an effect, or if there's any evidence that the permitted cannot safely operate a golf cart and slow moving vehicle, a permit shall be revoked by the chief of police or his design if it is found that the operator or any person at the operator allows to operate said vehicle driver's license has been suspended revoked or expired. The chief of police or his design, he shall issue a notice of revocation and the event that a permit is revoked and shall hand delivered said revocation notice to the permit holder or the chief of police may send said notice by certify mail to the address of the applicant. Uh, shall be effective immediately upon hand delivery or three days after. Um, it says any person who violates any section or part of this article or fails to comply with the section of part of this article shall be responsible for an infraction shall be required to pay a penalty in the amount of $200. Yeah, there's no right. Yeah, okay. I mean the biggest issue, I think we all can