a car system and to curb and gutter this extension for this road. I'm sure it's probably a little bit additional cost, but I think with the foot traffic right now, there's more than two, three dozen kids that walk for sugar rich to go for a gas station on countless times. So eventually, when those are the lots of sold for whether the commercial, whatever they're going to be, I'm sure they're going to connect. And the other question I just thought of is, are we going to consider possibly looking at doing a turning lane from shim in onto this road? At some point in the future, whatever that may be, just because the traffic is going to exit that super roundabout and then immediately have to come to a halt to turn right on the Velasco. Yeah, yeah, a right hand turning right in. Yes, I'm sorry. Unless you think that a left hand turn off a shim is going to require there, but you could also just make the roundabout and then make another turn. Yeah. I think that's a good question. Correct. Because of the roundabout. Yeah. We do have an open wall that roundabout is under designed for reconstruction. What we're title in that project is shim in materie widening. I mean, a bulk of it is going to be widened in that roundabout intersection with two circulating lanes. Money permitting. I mean, our goal was to do perhaps look at a turning lane into Mayor Lucas Denyze at south side, but we can also look at doing one here with a short queue, a drop lane. I mean, it would take a partly part of the bike lane. If I could, what I would recommend is that the council moves forward with this allows the opportunity to move forward the land acquisition and we can look at those differences of cost and come back because even if we've even if I mean in a perfect world, even if this project starts, we still have opportunity to look at the drainage in the next move. All right. Any other comments from the council? Any public comments related to amending the budget to include this project? All right. If there's no public comment, Ms. Giger, please call the vote. Ms. Chombai? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansberry? Yes. All right. Thank you, council. I'm just waiting on a final plat. And then as soon as we have that, I think Wade's ready for the act of donation on one in the land acquisition from the second property owner, we'll move forward. 7.4 is to consider amending the 2022-2023 Youngsville Police Department budget and in their amount up to $40,000 for the purchase of a vehicle equipment within state contract Deputy Chief Thompson. Good. Nice to see you. Hi, y'all doing this evening. I'm coming before you to ask to amend the budget simply because one of our detectives, you know, it's one of the unmarked