card and a simple $10 CC gift card which I remind you is well below the amount that is allowed to be given and accepted. She gave this as an apology only and only as an apology and not a bribe. The article would also have you believe that they refuse the cards and I intervened and forced them to take the cards. That is a blatant lie. They were told to do what they wished with the card but she only did this as an apology not a bribe. Now I would like to bring attention to actions of the four council members minus the attendance of councilman Shampon. On this past Tuesday evening where each of you clearly violated the state's sunshine law by all of you meeting together with the mayor and discussing city business specifically this matter in private and not in an open meeting which the law clearly states. I think an investigation is warranted for the police department then it is certainly warranted with a clear violation by all of you of the state's open meetings sunshine law for your actions on that night as all of you try to sit there in judgment of me and councilman Rale and have insisted on her resignation and not to my face but sneaking behind my back have stated behind closed doors you all will not be satisfied until you get my resignation. I say good luck that will not happen. I did nothing wrong criminally morally or ethically and I say to you to you loudly and proudly I refuse to resign and remind you again you do not have the power to make that decision. Miss Megan why you have shown that you are a trash reporter on numerous occasions but for you to even have to to a new low when you choose to bring my son. No I'm not going to stop. I'm going to stop. I'm gone. Address the article that does not need to be. All right. That does not need to be person. For the article the stoop is low as you true true choose to bring my son as well as family members of Miss Rale and to this how dare you subject them to the nonstop harassment that myself and Miss Rale have received. You should be leave here and shame but you won't enjoy but you won't. You enjoy inflicting damage to hardworking families. They they didn't deserve this. My son is his own man and walks his own path in life. Your trash. The only decision making power you the council have is on the budget of this department in my salary. If you vote down my budget poses you are not hurting me but instead are jeopardizing the safety of very citizen of this community. As far as the salary issue you the council has severely underpaid to marry myself since the beginning and I've expected no less. We both have employees that make