million. So from twenty one to twenty three, you had about an increase of two million dollars of operation expenditure increases here in the sports complex. Some of the ones that jump out to me just worth pointing out the reason for the roughly nine hundred thousand dollar increase, we could just start at the top salaries. You can see that's up a little over a hundred thousand from six or three to seven. And we'll call it two or three down from there advertising was minimal in two thousand twenty two or two thousand, but jumped up to fifty thousand here in the current year. Couple down from there, you get to contract labor for seventy one last year of about two hundred and ten thousand and six hundred eighty two thousand below that depreciation expense up about two hundred and forty thousand. Then five or six down from depreciation, you get to repairs and maintenance. That's up roughly a hundred from three fifty two to four fifty five. Two below repairs and maintenance is sponsorship fees up from once sixty four last year two hundred twenty five this year. And then a few down from sponsorship is tournament fees three seventy one up fifty thousand to about four hundred and twenty. So again, you have a lot of expenses listed here, but I kind of want to point out some of the drivers behind the nine hundred thousand dollar increase year over year. Then we get to the non operating revenues or expenditures. You did have some grant revenues last year. You don't have that this year, so that's the big reason for the change. Two hundred and eight thousand net of revenues last year, eight thousand dollars net of revenues in the current year. And then the loss after it's all said and done three million dollars loss last year versus four point one. You do transferring quite a bit of money from the sales tax is dedicated for the park. You transfer it in five point five million approximately in two thousand twenty three. And that sales tax brings in roughly four point seven million. So you can't continue to transfer in five point five million every year because you're only bringing four point seven. So I would say just a general comment here is take a look at the expenditures and maybe try to level those off, stabilize those because two million dollar increase over two year phases is tough that I just it's a lot. Any questions on page pay seventy two. I'm there. Just assuming a lot of this because I know Tim tightens his belt on all these budgets. Two million is probably considerable not not a considerable increase considering what we're doing with the expansion. Yeah. New staffing that you had to hire equipment, retarfin fields last year, all the baseball fields. Yes. Yes. I mean we're pretty much you know pretty much going from you know seventy five, seventy five