more than both of us. I've worked hard with my team to build this department up to today's standards and make this city the second safest city in the state. I did not do this alone. The dedicated law people of this department and myself have all worked together tirelessly to accomplish this task. I will be damned if I allow you to tear down what we have built without a fight. With that said I will give you all much more respect than any of you have given me by saying what I have to say to your faces to each and every one of you. Good luck removing me from office. It will be the voters that make that decision by either a recall or an election. When I leave the office it will be on my own terms certainly not any of yours. Good luck. Any additional public comment. Yes sir. It's everything. I'm going to start with you. I'm Michael Landry. How you doing? I'm just going to say I moved here about 25 years ago and when Ricky ran for office I didn't vote for one. But I see the changes that he made and I know for a fact that he's helped a lot of people up here in this council and a lot of you on this council have, how do you say it, skeletons in your closet too. Okay so where do we go from here? The city is being run by a businessman. I can give him credit for that. But when you're going to come here and judge one man for one action and try to make him the scapegoat here. I don't know if you're going to get the backing of everybody in this town. Moving forward I can see some things should have been done different with that situation. As I can see with some of the intentions of some of the council members up here right on the side of me because I've heard them all speak. I have respect for them for having the balls to run and get up there and do what they're doing. But you're not going to come here and down great one councilman that wanted to be up there all her life because she comes from a family like that and then allow the rest of them to be up here with different intentions. I even heard one of them say I ain't got with a couple more years and I can retire on this. What the shit? You came on here to get a retirement. So anyway if you're going to get the FBI to come in here and investigate who trusts the FBI? Who in the hell is going to trust the FBI nowadays? Who's going to trust anything with the state? So I think wrongdoing was done. I don't know the politics of it that's going on right now but I just came in here to support him