to execute any and all documents. All right. Motion by Miss Reo, second by Mr. Bullgiano. Any comments or questions or thoughts about how we're approaching this? I did have a quick question about this. I was at a HOA meeting. I guess we don't supply Wi-Fi or... Next door. Well we do. It was, we've had a few ups and downs basically, can disconnect the utilities and bring them over here. We do have internet back on next door because we're... Yeah. Yeah. We have internet service restored next door because we're about to launch the kiosk for utility and citation payments in the... I call it the drive through of the annex building. So we had to reconnect internet and if it's not on as Wi-Fi, all we have to do is probably put a router Wi-Fi is on. Okay. Short answer. It was just a couple HOAs and they were talking about it. I was at one meeting. They couldn't bring up something. They were trying to do it off their phone. Yeah. So I think that we were able to extend LUS-5 or to that facility as well. So we were able to disconnect what we had, reestablish it with LUS-5 or so. Yeah, it should be a better experience. Okay. For the future. Mr. Man. If I may. I know we have to call it a vote. But my wife has personal involvement with this society. So I will abstain from this, but I fully support this move. I know we've talked about it. Just to be on the up and up, I don't want to have it back. I hope you can work a great agreement out with that group. I think they've made tremendous strides in short amount of time. That's a ton of work. All right. Thank you. Any other comments? Any public feedback or comments related to at least negotiation with the Young's World Historic Society at 307 I agree. Okay. If there's no public comment, Ms. G. Drupes, call the vote. Ms. Shombai. Yes. Ms. Nisrael. Yes. Ms. Volgiano. Yes. Ms. Dulemello. Upsain. Mr. Stanger. Yes. All right. Thank you, Council. And individually, guys, if you all have any feedback after tonight, you know, I'll keep you all abreast. But I'm a welcome any any feedback that you may have to take into consideration. 5.4 Resolution 2023 of 7 Resolution Authorizing the Mayor of City of Young's World and negotiate at least agreement with the Young's World Chamber of Commerce for the least of city property located 305 Iberia Street and to execute any and all documents. Move to except resolution number 2023 dashes. All right. Thank you. Second. Mayor Protum. Romero. Second by Councilman Volgiano. You know, very similar here. I think they're I think the chamber's excited about it. What we're envisioning right now is kind of paint a broader picture of some possibilities is the mayor's old office will be for the chamber director. You have the