Oh, okay, good. You didn't see it. No. It's behind me. So this is an example. Look, this is new. This is relatively new. So again, it's not, it's not, you know, I'm not, we're here because we all love young, not, not passing judgment. But when there's demand for our product, we really said, hey, you know, this is, this is okay. But it's not really what we want to see more of. And for me, it wasn't because we didn't want to have townhouse development. We recognize that not everybody again needs a three bedroom, two bath DSL, D house, you know, because some people are empty nesters, their retirees, their, they travel for work, different generation may not want to have the maintenance. So what's changed from this that why this wouldn't be allowed today is that long straight plane, you know, that, that to see a concrete. No garage, you know, there's not really a lot of architectural element, you know, my opinion to this one. So this couldn't happen today with our existing, with our existing ordinance. The next one, I'm going to show you another example of that. This wouldn't be able to happen today for two reasons. One, because it's one I bearish street, which is designated as a, a major arterial and on our major arterial is the 200 foot depth. So from the road 200 feet is reserved for commercial property. And that basically is an effort. So that way we're not just a city of neighborhoods that there's some commercial development happening here. The second reasons I've really already touched on here, you know, this one doesn't have, you know, the garage is so forth like that here. So what happened after this, I'm going to call it phase. This is, those are two examples of we saw interest in town homes. So as we've done historically, we've said, let's strengthen what we have in the spirit of the land use, not by telling a developer know, but basically raising the bar. And that's when you saw us having, that's when you saw Avenue A town homes come by. That's when you saw a development that's going to be going at Foster, Foster Park at Fort Street. That's when you see the townhouses that are going up at the end of first street adjacent to Foster Park. Those, and I'm sorry, I don't have pictures of those today because I think you'll, you know which ones you live in the neighborhood, you know which ones I'm talking about. Those if you notice there's a difference to them Avenue A town homes wouldn't happen today as you see them. So the simple reason of it, it's from corner to corner. So our current ordinance we wouldn't wouldn't be allowed. The current ordinance allows 10 to 12 per acre just to kind of give you a footprint. And I don't know the density of the ones that Avenue A. Now I think