right now. So anyway, with that being said, in the applicants that are here being acknowledged, it's open for nominations for the council. All right, Mr. Romero has a nomination, yes sir. Nominate, Ms. Jamie Cree. All right, Mr. Romero nominates Ms. Cree. Let's see, is there any other nominations at this time? All right, Mr. Romero, any comments regarding the nomination for Ms. Cree? I'm just going to echo kind of what you said. Never in my nine years on the council, I thought we'd do five different appointments, one including the chief of police, four council members. I think this is obviously a different situation where we had a council member who wanted a higher office. It's great for us, like you said, but it's a difficult decision for not on myself, but I know my fellow colleagues in the mayor if needed. And every applicant, it was great talking to y'all, getting to know you better. I don't think it's the last that we've seen of a lot of y'all, so I appreciate y'all putting your name in the hat. All right, thank you, Mr. Romero. Ms. Barra's was in the comments. All right, any other council comments? Okay, it's open for public comment, at this time for anyone who wishes to address the council. All right, if there's no woman that wishes to address the council, this is Gidry, please call the vote on the nomination. All in favor, motion approved. Congratulations, Ms. Cree. For all of you guys, I sincerely thank you. I hope this isn't the last that we see or hear from you, and I don't believe that it is, because there was a lot of common denominators in the resumes that I looked through, and I think it's fair to say that everyone loves this community. I'm happy to be part of it, so I appreciate all the contributions and the desire to put yourself in your families up for public service. So thank you all sincerely. All right, the second item on the agenda, our clerk report, Louis Paret, unfortunately is under the weather and unable to attend this evening, so our city attorney, Mr. Wade Traum, is gonna swear in, not only Ms. Cree, but then also Ms. Barra's. Ms. Barra's, we had a private swearing in ceremony, a councilman barra's, we had a private swearing in ceremony since she was elected to fill a previous interim appointment. We had a private ceremony here. It was open to the public, but it was private, just because it was kind of short notice, and I wanted her to be able to do it again with, you know, just in a more formal setting. So, all right, Mr. Traum, Ms. Cree. Ms. Cree. Yeah, we can. Ms. Cree, you're freezing right here. You have to be by taking free practice to solving the square report for the state of emergency. That I will support the Constitution and laws of the United States