of some sort. They did have to meet the facade ordinance. So we didn't, they, because they didn't want to meet the facade ordinance because the facade ordinance came into place after they had ordered, but before they ever brought it and before they ever brought plans. But the council took the position of you still have to meet the facade ordinance. That's the new ones. So they weren't able to, and one of their reasons they didn't think so is they were like, well, there's trailers all over. And that didn't, the council said, no, it doesn't matter if there's trailers all over you stuff to meet our new ordinance. So that, that is what occurred with regards to that one. And so we made them do things that they had to do. Otherwise, they were just planning a, I hate to say plug and play, but just bring that one on board and we did make them do some upgrades. That's, that was pre-COVID. That's been a lot. Yeah, Champagne said, satisfy your question. So it was a business manufacturer. I mean, even though it was a business, like the point I was making was they were saying we might be a business, but it's trailer by trailer by trailer. And the council said, even though it's trailer by trailer, what we're saying is you still no matter what, they wouldn't grandfather them in for not having to do a different ordinance. And the answer and what I'm going to say is while it's a business, grandfathering wasn't allowed to be able to get them a variance because they asked for a variance from meeting that because of the fact that everything around there was trailers. So why did it matter if it had a facade? If it had, that was my. Mr. Mayor, it was Monica. 30 feet is what city asked for. What are you asking for? Do you know with your parents? What are you trying to get down to? I really, whenever I have an issue, so I really have no, you haven't gotten that point to measure it off like it's 20 would work or 25. No, because I didn't realize it was an issue until this came up. But when the charity was there part of that, my husband might like how many maybe 10 feet, 12 feet is not much before it gets to Elton. Yeah. I mean, that's on the setback. But again, Elton, right? You're talking about more bonds property? Yes. It touches my property on the rear. Yeah, yeah. I think that's the southern southern. 23 years we never had any issue. Have you talked to. Can you be in them? No, I mean, no, because I needed to come to y'all first. Yeah, no, no, I totally get it. I totally get it. I mean, that knowing what our setback variant, what our setback requirement is and then what kind of variant you're asking for can play