an even better place to live, work, start a business and raise a family. I look forward to meeting with the citizens in district 3 and being your voice. Ask for your prayers and support in this journey. Please follow my social media page as we begin to ramp up our campaign and push more information out. I appreciate the time that you have given me and it's time to continue the progress. Thank you. It has, or it is a privilege to serve with you. You know, you were elected to serve as a council member the same time I was elected to serve as mayor. Our success in Young Zill is a shared success that everyone here deserves on our staff, on our council. I think it has been a team effort and I'm excited that you are taking your leadership to extend it to serve us even greater in Lapia Parish. You know, since we have had the privilege of now serving some of us on our third term in this seat, we have seen the ups and downs of ups and downs and different levels of engagement from those that are elected to serve us at the parish level. And if anything is clear to me is that we have to have the right partner in the right level of commitment, the right level of leadership because population wise, Young Zill is the second largest municipality out of six out of Lapia Parish and we can achieve the things that we need to do just from inside these four walls of this room. So your leadership has prepared you well for this seat. I've always admired your ability to balance your civic obligations, your business, your family, your service to your country. And it's truly been admirable to watch from this seat and I look forward to helping you in any way that I can to excel in your new role once elected as parish council member. So best of luck to you. You have my full support and I'm excited to watch you being that next journey and continue fighting not only for Young Zill, but for district three and Lapia Parish. So thank you for stepping up to service. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you. Any other announcements? All right. We'll go ahead and get started. 3.1 approval of February 9th, 2023 minutes. Motion to accept. All right. Thank you, Mr. Boljana. Second by Ms. Reo. Any comments or questions about the finance report? Are the minutes, excuse me. The minutes of February 9th. Okay. No comments. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Reo. Yes. Mr. Boljana. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Sainsbury. Yes. Mr. Shamplan. Yes. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you. Council 4.1 approval of the January 2023 finance report. So moved. Mr. Romero's Councilman Sainsbury. I didn't bring it downstairs with me, but I can tell you we're about eight months consumed into the fiscal year. You may have a