the custodian of the evidence because that's kind of how we want up in the position we were in. I was just saying that that might you know it was stated anywhere. Yeah no and I agree with that I mean that you have conflicts when you have an evidence person over evidence and then a detective I completely agree with that are those people sergeants. What people the ones the detectives are detectives are not sergeant but understand because we talk about segregation duties so what I'm trying to get at is. Well to Lindy's point he's saying you have to segregate such as evidence people with evidence I agree with that you don't have a detective over the evidence but we talk about a sergeant right now that's in charge of multiple people they are but this is the dynamics of our department. We are a small department we're not like a large agency like the LPSO that has everybody delegated to every different section so the way we're set up in our department we have two detectives and we have a sergeant with detectives but because there's only two of them they have to be on call. Knights they take calls throughout the week every day someone is on call so that detective sergeant also rotates call with these two detectives so that way they're not on call 24-7 between just the two of them which puts him in a position where times he may have to work cases also or he may get something or both of them are tied up on on the case that they're working viewing hours of footage for a burglary he may have to jump in and do something which is where the conflict comes in as him being an evidence because so even possibly having to collect it to pick up to assist them. How many active cases are they working on right now? I don't know exactly what you do have about it. Every day we're taking reports and they're taking in more cases so it varies on a daily basis what they close what they have opened some are suspended for the time being and may not be suspended tomorrow if we get a new tip or something else to run on. So that varies on a daily basis. Okay. Thank you very much. Yes, ma'am. I'll make a motion to amend the police budget for these sergeant's position. Motion on the floor of Mr. Bulljiano to amend the budget for the YPD has requested is there a second? There's no second on the motion so fails for lack of a second. All right. Now I can do 7.8. Right, a genitum 7.8. Dan Hart to request a variance to allow a reduction in the garage setback from 25 feet to 20 feet for a lot 36 of sable south subdivision. Council, thank you for the for expanding the item on the agenda. I know we always try