thanks. Our sports YC baseball and softball, our league practices will begin on Monday, March 18th. The Bitty Basketball National Tournament finished this past Tuesday. Southside soccer and crew rush continue their practice and games on the weekends. Our spring adult beach league will begin next week. We just closed registration and we'll have roughly about 156 teams in the spring league. F and A football will start on March 25th. They have roughly 656 players there. This weekend, Cajun Elite will be having their indoor volleyball tournament Saturday and Sunday. With our partnership with Oshars and Lafayette General, Dr. Andrews spoke last week at the Rec Center on youth sports and youth sports injuries. And then the South East and Beach slam tournament. Women's volleyball tournament will start tomorrow morning at 9. The teams will practice in today from 1 to 6. It will be streamed by varsity sports now. But it is free to the public to attend. The schedule is on the sports complex Facebook page and online at youngsoatscomplex.com. Just quickly the 10 teams are South East and from Hammond, who's the host school, University of South Carolina, from South Carolina, Boise State, from Boise, Idaho, Houston, Christian University from Houston, Texas. We saw the Houston Christian bus going around the roundabout earlier. So the third collegiate tournament so far this year with two more scheduled in the next six weeks I believe. So very good stuff. So thank you Tim. Terry anything from anything else from the administration? All right any council announcements? I'm just going to couple of things. A couple of thank yous. First off Mr. Jacob Held appreciate you putting yourself up at the civil service board. Appreciate that and looking forward to working with you. I want to thank you for our current home builders here in youngsoat. We appreciate the investment. We know that's all your time and money and we appreciate you putting that back in the youngsoat and helping us grow our community to be the best today we can be. Want to commend our PD fire and public works for another successful mortgage operate. Terry has greeted a phenomenal job. I found that the placement put down a barricades this year before I had to fray was flawless. Not that it ever was but it was even better than it was last year. Not to mention the cleanup. I found that the instance this year handed with PD and the fire department were exceptional. Communication was great and was proud to have a successful one of the parade with our residents attending. Also I want to thank our commercial development or developers and businesses. We're not exactly the most economic incline and things are expensive with inflation. I know costs of new business these days is not cheap and easy but we greatly appreciate everyone investing in youngsoat so that our residents can enjoy the quality of life here. And lastly our chamber banquet is on April