things that I do believe the council has heard enough where they want answers for the constituents that we represent. I just think that I would ask you guys just to consider letting a declaratory judgment be part of that process because I disagree with asking our new, or not new, but I disagree with asking the current Attorney General for his opinion, because ultimately what does it matter? It's an opinion. And opinions in the past may have been enough coupled with political pressure and all the other things to back off and just keep walk in the other way because it's opinions. It's opinions, it's pressure. I would encourage you to get the facts and take this conversation to somebody that matters that can actually make a judgment. So yes, sir. Let me allude a little bit to this. The declaratory action. Some of you may not know. It will be styled as a petition for declaratory judgment. And what is provided for our Code of Civil Procedure with regards to this action is if a party pursuant to a contract and ordinance of statute is unclear of his or her rights. This type of action is typically brought and asked of the court, tell me what my rights are. That's exactly what we're doing here. We may even consider filing it jointly. In other words, Mr. McGee's here. We've talked about filing it jointly and having the court define what parameters my, I envision in my discussions with Mr. McGee that we would file it jointly, make sure we have the issues defined and then ask the Court for status conference so that we could get this thing on a fast track. Don't see that there's any witnesses that would be needed like a typical court case. And so we could get this matter resolved or this issue put to rest one way or the other expeditiously and without the significant expense involved before we proceed with the investigation, assuming that the judge rules in our favor. This is an appeable judgment. So any any side agreed by the judge's decision has a right to take an appeal on it. But I think this is the most prudent route that you as a council can do to effect your weight of determination. And as the mayor said, quit relying on other people's opinions. As some of you know with regards to attorney general's opinions, we had one reversed a year ago. Evidently, some of the facts that were brought out involving the fire department were incorrect. The attorney general's office issued an opinion based on those incorrect facts. We met with the attorney general. We presented the facts. The opinion was recalled. So again, an attorney general's opinion is advisory only. It has no binding effect. All right. Thank you, Mr. Traum. Any other comment desired by the council? I'm like, I'm like one or a quick. After the after the last council meeting, I had had