covered his car and it covered his insurance. I think that's what it is. And at some point in time he had to pay like every third gas tank or something like that. You're familiar with any of that? You sure you're not? It's just a valid. That's not correct. That's not correct at all. You want to hear it at the time. No, but I did get a grab of the meeting on September the 9th, 2016. And I did listen to the audio of that meeting on September the 9th, 2016. Chief Buldro asked for a thousand dollar allowance. He was granted that. He then made the comment and I. You're familiar with the public records request send me a request for that audio tape. I'll be glad to send it to you. He indicated to this council that he would turn in every other every other. Gas receipt then attorney, then city attorney George Knox responded. No. Can't do it. You either have the one thousand dollars allocated or you turn in reimbursement. You cannot have both. At that point in time, councilman stands, Barry, addressed Chief Buldro and said. Chief, are you okay with that? And he applied in the reply in the affirmative. So there is no misunderstanding of what the chief was going to get from this point forward. And I invite you, sir, to send me another public records request as you have. And I will gladly provide that audio for you. Those are the succinct and undisputed facts. Okay, that's good. And thank you for that. But it wasn't there another meeting that you might have been in and you were in that you'll discuss some of that stuff. I didn't ask not you him. Not that I'm aware of. No, okay. I don't recall. Not that I'm aware of and I'm not a recall that does not mean as the yes or no. The answer is no. Okay. Okay. Good. Thank you. Now I know this is going to now you're going to get me here. Now we have to replace our chief. Right. The problem that we have is I hear that you guys are trying to go with an outside source possibly someone through the Sheriff's Department as an intern to be an outside source on this and come in and help us. Is that correct? Mr. Sevelle, this is not related to a financial question. I know. I know. But it's something that we probably need to talk about because in the past, we know that you guys basically come pre-plan to the meetings. Are these special hearings that you have and we're not able to do any of that. We need to stick to the agenda. So at the end of the day, I ask and I beg that you don't bring somebody in from the outside source because we, the citizens, 100% every single one of our officers. We respect each and every one of them.