to more vans, a letter from them or something stating, you know, hey, they'd be okay with this. Or whatever it might be, that always helps. But there's a lot of unknowns right now. Right. And we did have like 20 feet. What you would say to the contrary. From the end of the trade to the contrary, you could pass two cars. So we could always move it up if need be. There's room to move a trailer if we have to move it up a little bit. But I just need to know, can is this feasible or not before I even go further with this. I think I think the challenge or miss champ on it, you do you want to say something? Well, I agree with that. I think if we had a little, if we knew a little more about what that exact variance would be, it would help us make a decision. But we can't know that until you know that. And the other thing is my question to the mayor or someone on stage. I'll try my best. Have we granted any variances for the mobile home ordinance since it came into place? The 30-foot setbacks that you'll be able to. I think there was one on cane Derek several years ago. Do we know what the footage was with the variance? I think the challenge here is that it's speculative too. We don't know if it's even something that the property owner, the new property owner would want at that location. So what you would be doing is really granting a variance on a circumstance that may not happen. And is there an expiration to it or what's the, it would just be attached to the property. And this morning I'd hate to say, hey, let's do a variance for 10 feet, but they need 11 feet. You know, we don't quite give you what you, you know, if what we might think is working, you got to come back anyways. Or we grant 10, but really they only need five. So should I, if somebody comes up with the same scenario, should I figure out the. I mean, you probably get the recorded plot of the property itself and know exactly how many foot footage you're going to have from the setbacks door you know off the bat. That way when you're however you're going to word that they'll know exactly what size trailer can go there from the jump before that I guess before you have to even come to us. You might not even need a variance if you're. If the setbacks, I guess wherever the properties recorded at is if you would need like a 20 foot setback versus if it's a five, you would know that before you would come to us. You could tell them exactly what would link the trailer they would need you maybe just move it forward more without having an comfort variance.