Like he said, the low-speed vehicles get a little more freedom as far as crossing in certain areas, but it's all dictated in the statute. And it's very clear and concise on everything. And then the golf courts, again, is an actual vehicle that is not meant for the road that is actually prohibited in the state statute from being a road unless, in that statute, a municipality creates an ordinance such as you guys did. OK. Thank you, Chief. Mr. Ameri. And you might not have the answer now, but do we have an idea how many slow-moving vehicles we have registered in Young'sville? I know not all golf courts and slow-moving vehicles are registered, but I don't know. But I'll look into it tomorrow. I don't know if there's an easy way for us to pull that. I'm sure Dawn can probably go through her reports. I don't know if there's a way. I don't know her tracking of them. I can see how piggyback Rookwood could also take those low-speed vehicles who were going through in the top process of registering like a vehicle, get a inspection sticker, to not have to get an additional fee of a... Just trying to separate those. And the only reason I asked is I'm curious because now that we're potentially going to separate the two after about six months seeing how that happens with these vehicles crossing in certain areas, because the one area I've always envisioned allowing any golf cart is where Sherwin Williams goes to T-Mobile, I guess. Is that right across? Verizon, sorry, Verizon. Yeah, right there. Speed limit being reduced, crosswalk, now this is going to give us a little eye-opening, seeing the slow-moving vehicles that are similar to golf carts. And being allowed to do it, just in my vision of looking in the city, since I've lived here, I think it's mostly the golf courts and not I'd even see a ton of slow-moving vehicles. I think it's very hard to see. And I think the state law dictates that you can't just cross a road. I think you have to cross it in intersection. At an intersection? Yeah, and that is an intersection. That's a street there. This is not an intersection. That's not an intersection. That's a cross in the middle of a median. It's not an actual roadway intersection. Right, it's specific in the statute. As has to be at an intersection, I'll give you a quarter of a mile, I believe, to travel in that. So yeah, that's not considered an intersection. That's just considered a crossover on the medium. So they still couldn't cross that. That's the statute. Speed also. Yeah, speed of the roadway. I'll support it probably. I'll know. I'll reduce in that speed. Yeah, that's right. You can't be. I think I understand your point, though. It's that perhaps there's other potential, other modifications. I haven't become, I haven't familiarized myself with newer rules on golf