projected increase of 3% in ad ballorum taxes for the 2024 fiscal year, which is again conservative. The increase in our police department is for additional patrol and one additional SRO for the, I think this is the charter school. The equipment items listed in the capital outlay as well as a 1.85% increase in the impers, which is the retirement system, going from 32.5% to 34.35%. I mean this is mandated, and you're going to have to just pay it. So it is factored in. It says the far-deportment staffing and expenditure allocation remains flat with the exception of 257,000 in additional debt payment by the city for the three previously approved fire trucks. Under capital outlay, and you have an extensive list of capital items, but it says the budget includes the capital outlay request of numerous items listed on pages five and six of the budget document totaling a 743 million, it says 743 here, should say 74.3 million, not 743 million. The capital outlay request includes approximately 42.2 million of roadway and drainage improvements, which would be financed from the bond proceeds in 22. The sales tax revenues, various federal and state grants and state capital outlay funds. A lot of that 74 million is financed, quite a bit of it is financed, I say, or paid for by grants, either federal monies, state monies, and some LCG monies. Approximately 14 million of expansion to parks and rec will be made to the parks, a young drill sports complex, which will be paid from the 14 million dollars of recreation, sales tax bonds, and 1% recreation sales tax funds. See details on page six of the capital outlay budget request. We continue to enhance and improve our water and sue utility operations with capital improvements of 15 million, which are projected to be funded by the utility funds 1999 sales tax revenues and LDH and DEQ revolving loan slash grants. A portion is alone, a portion is a grant. Utility fund on page three says the 630 24 budget revenues include growth for the water and sewer departments based upon the CPI index. During the 24 fiscal year, the city is expecting an increase of approximately 350 customers. And so this is written, of course, by Ben and Catherine, and this is kind of some summary items which are you required to present as part of the budget. Any questions on some of this? We're going to get into some of the details here. Okay, let's go to a page is five and six. And again, there's a laundry list of 49 items listed here of capital outlay items. And I'm going to go by the different sections of the different funds as is identified. It basically, and it shows on the fall right, the method of paying for these items. It says method of financing. Under the general fund here, you have $494,000. The biggest item, of course, is the fire truck, the debt service