All right, good evening everyone. We welcome you to Youngsville City Hall, regular meeting of the Youngsville City Council today's Thursday, July 13th. If you'd like to invite our invocation this evening to be led by Pastor Joe Cormier, and then this evening our pledge will be led by Council Member Romero. So thanks again for being here. Pastor Nicene, again. Thank you so much Mayor and Council for inviting me to come and pray. I want to read Psalm 127 just in the first verse it says, unless the Lord builds the house, they labor and vain who build it, unless the Lord guards the city, the watchman stays awake and vain. Let's go to the Lord. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this Council, we thank you for this city, for this opportunity that we have to come together today to build a place. Lord, for our citizens to live, for our children to play, Lord, for our business people to do business. Lord, we thank you for that. But Lord, we dedicate this meeting to you, and because we know that if we just try to build it ourselves, we build and vain. So, Lord, we thank you for this opportunity that we have to just acknowledge you through prayer in this meeting. And we give you thanks for it. And we give you the glory, Lord, for everything that you've done in Young'sville and everything that you're doing in our lives. So we pray just your prosperity upon our city, Lord, peace. And we thank you for that in Jesus' precious name. Amen. Amen. Congratulations. To the supply of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, the individual with liberty and justice for all. All right. Good evening, everyone. Again, we'll go right into the meeting this evening. Minutes, a genitim 2.1 is approval of the meeting minutes for June 8, 2023. So moved. All right. Thank you. Have motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Mr. Lennoux. Is there any comments or questions? Okay. Here are none. Ms. Gaydry, please call for the vote. Mr. Lennoux. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Ms. Schaunplein. Yes. All right. Thanks, Council. Genitim 2.2 approval of minutes June 29, 2023. Motion to approve. Second. All right. With a motion by Mr. Stansberry. Second by Ms. Schaunplein. The administration is asking for a clarification on the recipients for a 3% cost of living increase within the police department. I believe it was stated at the last and our budget meeting that was for the employees of the police department. At least the intent. Okay. There was some internal question with our finance department with regards to there's a 3% cost of living increase that's been provided across everyone in the city, including the chief of police. So that's what we were seeking clarification on. Mayor, due to the circumstances, it was a council's intention unanimously to