block of Varro school road. Ms. Maurey here in the Mr. Edwards. How are you, sir? Just fine. Mayor members of the council. Thank you for your time. My name is Glenn Edwards. I represent Nancy Maurey. She is unfortunately quarantined this evening due to family illness. So she contacted me and asked me to appear on her behalf. Very briefly. This involves request involves. Unplated property. At the entrance to South Lake Plantations subdivision on the corner of. My glasses on Barrett school road and. Heron Boulevard. There are two unplated lots on on either side of the entrance to the neighborhood. We have received interest from a local developer in acquiring that area to build. The townhouses. Okay. At that intersection. I would just point out for the council's consideration that if you look at the area in general. Everything to the south of these two particular pieces of unplated property are already. Residentially developed up to Varro school road. The commercial development to the north. The first commercial development that fronts on Barrett for quite a distance from the south. Moving to the north. So really to have townhouses here would be consistent use with everything to the south of these two lots. And along Barrett school road is residential. So actually that probably would not present a poor transition to the commercial development immediately to the north. So that is the request. If you have any particular questions about the proposed development. The developer is here are the possible developer. We don't have a. I don't have a purchase agreement. I don't have a purchase agreement yet or anything like that. But we just wanted to make this request before we. You know, import further in the process. So that's where we are. I thank you for your time. If you have any questions. I have Miss Marry's daughter here and the developer. Hopefully I can get your questions answered. Thank you Miss Edwards and sustainable. Yeah. I just have a question about are y'all aware of the ordinance that governs the town homes. Yes, yes, yes. Or the developer. Yeah. from my perspective just as the lawyer, you know, any development, if we was approved for townhome development, it would certainly have to be in accordance with the townhome ordinance, it would have to be permitted, platted, all that kind of stuff. We're not asking at this point for, you know, any of that to be waived. Obviously if the developer is looking for any sort of variances or waivers in that regard, that would be something that would come later. So, Clint, you had anything you wanted to chime in on it? Yeah, I just wanted to note, Mayor, that the packet that council had received, these are the day-thread townhomes down the street here on my various streets, based off of the ordinance that we passed after these were built, these would not be allowed because they would have enclosed garage. And we