to look at the very beginning. In the last days, the VMA definition, the national system, rueford aptly spelled their names at the end of the year.ary school screen and six social restraints were very there. We thought that schools were always snug to disseminate those server little insider works that soccer court members can learn. But it's as though, I hope that we could pass through many of them. And I think we could put something in that for gradually its improvement over the possible, by buying pets, hybrid, lifting their back, people of the public talk and distributed. This space can come in stores to color spin materialos. We could also shape future models for small free modeling. All right. So on our Dessentia Ponds first, Bayley Grove, we had one already online, which was pod five at 1010. We're hoping by the end of this month, pod one would be online. If we wouldn't have had a lot of rain, we probably would be by next week. But our goal is to have two online at the end of this month, two additional online at the end of July with the remaining one in August. So our hopes are by August, we would have all five ponds. They only have pond three left to dig. All of the ponds have been the excavation portion of the projects have been complete on Bayley Grove on Cooley, LaSalle. They should have at least one work in by the end of July with the second one in August. And they are about 80% complete on their excavation efforts. 2022 roadway improvements, we are currently working on the Foster Park connector with Fairfield Fairfax, whatever phase it is right now, three Fairhaven. It's one of the fares. Correct me all the time. Well, it started out as one name, ended up with another name, but and then had another one. So they're doing, they're working on that right now. And so we that got pushed before coming back to North La Rivier since the contractor was in that area working on the subdivision, they're working on that right now. And we're working on quantities and design with the contract on the Velasco crossing. On South La Rivier, we turned in 95% preliminary plans to the state on Tuesday. And we are working on the core of engineer permit that we need to replace the bridge. And so, Cooley, we're still waiting on the state to be able to give us the notice to proceed. I know you guys fought sign the cooperative endeavor agreement, but we haven't heard back from them. Most importantly, fortune extension roundabout. So we have been working real close. Again, this is what the whole C-MAR process is with the contractor, his sub's, his whole team. And we've probably made about $225,000 worth of modifications, bringing the price down and just working with them based on certain materials availability and structures. So the process is working to