on, maybe with the rate here, depending, but administration is well aware of this and has a plan to deal with it going forward. Any questions on the sanitation department? Okay, if there's none, let's go back to page 26 and bring all the departments together and see how did the utility fund do as a whole? You have a pretty good idea with the revenues increasing, expenditures were with, they were, we'll have a pretty good story here. So on page 26, total revenues for the utility fund came in a shade under 7.7 million, 7,000, 6,81 to be exact. Nice healthy increase for the various reasons that we just talked about for fiscal year 24. Revenues come in a shade over 8.5 million. So about 825,000 dollar increase year over year from 23 to 24, and then roughly a million dollar increase in revenues to almost, or over 9.5 million for fiscal 25. So nice healthy increases in the revenues as we saw in the various departments. Expenditures all listed out and they begin here on 26 and they continue on to page 27, where toward that top third of the page we get a total expenditure number and looking at 23 comes in at 7.2 million. Roughly a million dollar increase from 23 to 24 at 8.2 million and then right at 8.9 million in fiscal 25. As we saw in most of the departments with the exception of sanitation, operating incomes all three years, 442,023, by the quarter-million we'll call it for fiscal year 24 and then 623,000 for fiscal year 25. So extremely healthy, very, very strong. When you go into the non-operating, you can see the state grants that we talked about, nothing in 2023, the 54,000 we saw in 24 and then up to 2.5 million in fiscal 25. Transfer is in and out is what it is. That's not much to say about that. A lot of numbers on the page. I went through that fairly quickly. Any questions about it? Overall, it's a very healthy utility fund that's what you want to see operating incomes all three years, you're funding the expenditures with good sources of revenues. They're increasing but not an alarming rate. To make a good situation. Any questions from the council? Hearing none, I'll turn it over to my dad. He'll go over capital outlay and the operations of the city as a whole. Thank you. Okay, as Brad indicated, this document is quite lengthy and it's got the 10 funds that the city has, including the general fund, he went over the utility operations and I'm going to go through the 36 pages here. I was going to go over the consolidated budget and also the capital outlay request which is included in here. So let's begin with the on page six and seven which is a laundry list of capital projects and also indicates the method of financing or funding these projects. So starting on page