so that the homeowner can proceed with his construction plans. We have another variance for that same neighborhood on the agenda this evening. So a mischievous please call the vote for the expansion. All in favor, explain to approve. All right, thank you, council. We'll add that to other business. As well. So all right, to begin the meeting, we'll go ahead and advance to agenda item 3.2. Chief Louvierre is recognizing youngs will police officers this evening. So chief, I'll turn the floor over to you, sir. Coming into this department in August, I had two main focuses. One of them was to strengthen our leadership and the other was not only staff our department, but the staff it would quality candidates. Anybody can hire people. But to get quality people that share the same values as your leadership is a difficult thing these days. That being said, I started with the department that was five short. Anybody who's ever worked in law enforcement or a first responder department knows that that's tough. It's tough to be that short on patrol on the streets and dealing with the things we deal with. Happy to say we're down to two shortages now with pending applications. We're doing well. We've hired three quality. With that being said, I wanted to recognize some of the current quality employees that we already had that have just been doing great things for our community. The first letter of accommodation after night is for Sergeant Louis and Andrew and officer J. Bruce, who was unable to be with us tonight. On January 2nd, 2024, the Youngsville Police Department responded to a report of a burglary at the red dot storage facility on Youngsville highway. Hunter, our officer found that numerous storage units had been burglarized with several items stolen within less than 40 hours. Sergeant Louis and Andrew and Detective J. Bruce are able to locate evidence and develop four suspects for the burglaries soon after two of the suspects were located and arrested on several counts of simple burglary. The other two suspects were listed in the rest of the room and the rest of the room was placed for their arrest. These detectives swift work and keen attention to detail that afforded them rap results in this case. The Youngsville Police Department is proud to have employees of this caliber working in our city and assisting our residents. Our city safety and that of our citizens is always paramount in the forefront of our mission. Sergeant Landry, you mind coming up? Thank you. Thank you. Congratulations, Sergeant. And Chief, thank you for the updates, sir. All right, a gin item 3.3. We do have an- Oh, I'm sorry. Yes. Please go right ahead. Officer Hardy can't be with this tonight. You're just getting on conflicts, but I'm going to read this one too. For those of you that know, Officer Joseph Hardy is a school resource officer at Youngsville Middle School. I read