for the concession structure. You'll start seeing some of your tall features like your, your light pole features, though there is, there will be a sequence of things. That, especially a lot of lessons we learn on the original sports complex. So you want to go with your high features first. That's when you're going to start people will start seeing nothing really different than what the existing facility is. When we build an existing facility, that was that, that was pretty interesting because that's, that's when we started seeing, you know, tall of features and all that. So everybody's seen the amphitheat and we've talked about it. There is more dirt to go in an amphitheat, by the way, not in height, but in. I saw somebody put a picture on social media set called it angel wings or whatever, but. There's more dirt to close it in. So they'll be dirt that's going to be placed on the backside of the stage to close it in. Not completely because we will, we are the stages designed to be able to bring in a truck to be able to offload like band equipment, etc. But we will close it off as much as we can to minimize the sound. The sound where we want to try to make it go forward that there is some more dirt to be put in the front of the amphitheat to close it off towards the concession building structure. So you got to see it in the master plan to get a respect for how it's going to look. But what you see out there is a rough in amphitheat. It's, you know, so anyway, also, thanks for sharing that. Thank you. And the amphitheat, keep in mind too, like one of the things, if you've seen that aerial shot, I mean, we're still. Come in like with the steps to, I mean, eventually, right, it's settling, but they're still going to be, you know, the steps, the rain, you know, I mean, there's still a lot more. There's still a lot more. Another point of note from a design standpoint, it was always a component to let that dirt sit for about five months. So we're in that settling period because we predict as much as, as much as 12 inches up, eight to 12 inches of settlement. So, you know, that's another thing too. We're purposely staying off of it to let it do its thing. That's a lot of dirt and a lot of weight. So we want to make sure that settles before we start building these concrete seat walls because if we build it too soon, it's all going to cry. So there is an art to that process. So, but you'll see it. I would say the bulk, when we're really going to get hot and heavy, it's going to be the fall, probably about another two, three months. There's a lot of product being purchased back