you Allen. All right. We welcome you to the Youngso Municipal Complex. Tonight is the regular schedule meeting of the Youngso City Council. This evening I'd like to ask for Pastor Andy Tribe from Youngso Community Church to please lead us in the invocation. Hello Pastor, welcome sir. And then if you remain standing, our pledge this evening is going to be led by Councilwoman Shannon Barres. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, what a wonderful thing it is to come to a City Council meeting and be free to pray Father. We thank you for the mayor and the opportunity to do this Father and the Council members today Father. God be pray for protection of our civil servants, police and Father today God and other serving in this community Father. It's an awesome thing to be part of a growing and thriving community for those in the faith Father to have so many healthy churches in this community God. Just lead God and direct this Council tonight Father. I just pray that each one seek your will and the decisions they'll make tonight Father. We lift this whole city up to you. We pray this in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. I pledge to apply the United States to the Republic for which it stands for nation under God, individual with liberty and justice for all. Thank you again Pastor. Miss, Miss Skidry, please call the roll. Ms. Baris, Mr. Bajiano, Mr. Emerald, Ms. Creve, Ms. Champagne, here. All right. Thank you, Nicole. Council, there are a couple of adjustments to the agenda tonight. There are several items that are being tabled starting with a gen item 3.1. The presentation of the 2024 Young Zoolmardi Girl Awards. We are tabling that presentation and recognition to the April meeting. We'll be held the second Thursday in April at the same time. And as promised during the Mardi Gras route discussions, we are going to be facilitating a public hearing at that same council meeting for any feedback relative to the 2024 Mardi Gras route or any feedback that the administration and council should take into consideration for a Mardi Gras 2025 and beyond. And also being tabled this evening is a gen item 7.2, Claire Morley requesting a variance that's being requested to be moved to April at the requesters request, I guess. I don't know if that sounds right. And then I think I just have those two modifications this evening. Mayor Lachemig. I want to make a motion to expand the agenda for item 7.8 for Dan Hart's request of variance to allow a reduction in the garage setback from 25 foot to 20 foot for a lot of 36 of sable south subdivision. Okay, we have a motion to amend the agenda in a second by council member Romero. Agenda expansions must be voted on by the members of the city council prior to the expansion of the agenda. The purpose of this expansion is for a setback reduction