Yes. Mr. Reo. Yes. All right. Thank you. Council will move right into staff reports. Let's see. How about we do this. Chris, you good? Yeah. We have Chris from the C.H. Vince to make her see her as well as Stewart, B.O. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. We have a lot of people who are in the city of Youngsville. I know people who are in the city of Young Design package number one was a construction plan for the initial amphitheater work Those plans were completed on February 1st. The permit was received by the city engineer Finns to maker Established server control on site and the contractor began mobilizing last week and started moving dirt this week So we have moving dirt Design package number two was water and sewer on the site Those plans were completed on February 9th And were submitted to DHH on that day as well We had a pre-bid meeting with JB Bhutan on February 17th to discuss any options our questions they might have had Actually this morning we received our DHH approval Construction is anticipated to start on or about March 27th later this month I believe JB Muton has also received bids recently on those suddenly they were reviewing them gearing up for that Design package number three is the next big milestone that we have As of when we wrote this report last week we're about 90% complete with our Our hope to finish those this week that's gonna get pushed back the next week We are dotting the eyes and crossing the teeth spoke to Stuart he said he'd rather not have anything's changed and he moving any dirt anymore times and necessary So we want to make sure we have everything done properly. I've been contacted the city engineer to discuss this That it was broken up into multiple pieces. We are doing work currently on a few ball fields and the amphitheater But we're gonna get the drainage approved for the entire site that way we don't have to do the drainage report twice That way when it is time to build fields that other two fields and other parking lots we can roll right into construction Design package number