Yeah. You did. Yeah. All right. Any other clarification or comments? Excuse me in the schedule. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Miss Reo. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you, Mr. Dagle. So, okay. Right. It's great to see you. Excuse me. All right. 7.3 requests for preliminary platter approval of the Saban lot one until lots 1a and 1b. I'm like a motion to approve a preliminary platter approval for a partition of a lot one until lots 1 and a and 1b for Saban. I'm sorry. Thank you, Mr. Volgiano. Miss Stansberry. Any council comment? Okay. There's no council comment. Miss Gidritches. Call the Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Reo. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Motion approved. Resolutions 8.1s resolution 2020-01 resolution of the City of Youngsoil authorized in signatures for bank authorization cards and any other financial matters. Motion to approve mayor. All right. Thank you, Miss Champagne. Is there a second? Second. There's no council comment or discussion. Any public comment? This is just procedural at the beginning of the term updating the authorized signers on all the city's bank accounts. Miss Gidritches, please call the vote. Miss Champagne. Yes. Mr. Reo. Yes. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. Motion approved. Right a point to resolution 2020 to resolution of the city of young'sville mayor and city council in support of the construction of an athletic stadium at Southside high school I'd like to ask Mayor pro Tim or mayor. Oh, if you'd like to address this no he and councilman shampine have been working on this and Yeah, I'll be the creep and I possibly would be turned over to the booster club president mr. David I think we've all had these conversations. I know several y'all have either been a game or talked about It's time. It's time and another mayor's studies had an email draft sitting there waiting to write out and I think it was just it's all about timing the booster club meeting had a great meeting their leadership with the LPSS leadership mr. Ross Clare and some others I attended that it went well It's I can say best baby steps the Booster club meeting didn't have their own meeting a misschomp on was there, which is great She gave a lot of advice and her background from literally side and I have to I just think it's gonna show a good unity of faith That this community and his leadership Understands there is a gap at our high school. There's a hole in Needs to be filled when it's the only five-day school I can think of in the state that does not have a stadium and they're successful as they are Now where does this go from here? Hopefully it continues a discussion I'll give maybe mr. David the opportunity to say if he needs to say anything and Hopefully everybody can consider this resolution Miss