back to Louisiana to be both in the life here at Correctional Center. And we're not gonna stop that. We're gonna keep it going. We've updated policy. We've increased our transparency, brought in more accountability and increased professionalism in the department. And I think that's all very important, especially in the times that we are in law and law enforcement these days. I am the only candidate in this race with not only patrol experience, but experience and patrol supervision, experience and disseminating patrol resources to address crime trends. I did this for years at the chair of the office as a sergeant and as an lieutenant and a plan on continuing doing good things in Elmsville. And also of course, experience as a chief administrator of a police department where I've sat for this past year. Pride myself in accountability to our residents, accessibility to our residents and our council and our business owners. There's not an email that was sent. A phone call that was made that wasn't addressed by myself. It may have been passed along to one of my team members to handle the issue at hand, but when they needed a conversation and they needed to be heard, I was there to hear them and I will always be. Public services is in my heart. It has been for the last 22 years. And with all that being said, I'm respectfully asking for your consideration and voting the upcoming election. So we can keep progressing our city. I promise to always keep the safety of our citizens, our children and our businesses as my number one priority in this city. Thank you for your time. Thank you, Chief. And I want to commend the Youngsville Police Department, the detectives that were working on the recent case that you just mentioned, because I think that's going to be, it should provide some comfort to the community once they read the details of their success with that. So thank you, Terry. You good? Tim? For our sports programs, Sugar Beach volleyball, the fall lead continues. On Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights, girls' indoor volleyball are under the season tournament. We'll finish this weekend and then all story evaluations and teams being selected. We'll be the next step. This outside soccer will finish with their yearly Halloween habit tournament on November 1st, weekend. F&A football fall lead continues with games on Monday and Friday's. Our adult football league continues on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights. All tennis programming continues. Under the rex center of the pickleball league, council and aging classes, free play, all continue. This past weekend, well, we were able to open the expansion, the amphitheater, with the hosting the rotary patch at the park. It was a great event. Had a great turnout. Think just under 6,000 people maybe attended. You know, with Jamie, Matt, Jennifer, did a fantastic job letting us partner with y'all for the event, opening the dedication of the Lions Club