so much. We'll see y'all next year. All right. Appreciate it. All right. I don't have the day of Marty Graugh for 2024, but I don't think we'll need to announce it, because I think it's just going to handle itself with the popularity. All right. A gin item 2.2. I'm pleased to welcome Mr. Jacob Landry, who's here this evening to announce his candidacy for the Louisiana State Representative, C. District 49. Mr. Landry, if you'd like to come up and address the council, you'll welcome him. Welcome, sir. Thank you. Good evening. Thank you, Mayor Ritter and esteemed members of the City Council. I'm Jacob Landry, and I'm running to be the next state representative from District 49. District 49 has changed this year in this election cycle. It used to stop at the million parish, whereas now it takes in Young's Hill up to Fortune Road from West Barat, North Fortune, and it comes down in Young's Hill highway, and then it meanders kind of behind the church. It's down 90. It takes in some Iberian to Lydia, Marshall, and for those of you that may know where Marshall is at, and it comes in there for a million. It takes in E-Rath, Woodlawn, and comes back to Lafayette parish line. So I was born and raised in E-Rath, Louisiana, where I attended E-Rath High School, and later went on to USL, which is now University of Louisiana at Lafayette. I studied industrial technology. And then in 2004, I married my high school sweetheart, who's here with me in the audience, Hanifalgu Landry. From there we moved to Young's Hill, Louisiana, where we started our family. I'm a self-made family man. I built series of businesses in this district and invested and been very blessed with some of the best people in this district that I supported us and helped us build these businesses, and still today reside in this district and work for these businesses. I did that along with my family, which includes my mother, my father, my sister, my brother, and other family members. We built this business in the All in Gas business, where I will only stand up for All in Gas, because I feel All in Gas plays a vital part in our district and in our state. I think it's been here, and it's helped build this state, and I hope it continues to build this state. But with that being said, I will continue fighting for all industry and businesses in the state of Louisiana, because I feel that is the root of continuing to push Louisiana forward and becoming a top tier state in the United States. I could have moved to Texas. I could have moved to North Dakota, West Virginia, but through the great people of Louisiana and in this district, I chose to, with my family, stay in ERA, Louisiana, where we have our main headquarters. Is that because of District 49? I believe in