sidewalk. And people are also allowed to park their cars. Now that doesn't concern the developers and what we're talking about. But if the city is so interested in beautifying the earth. The people the how do you say the y'all y'all are interested y'all want our feedback. Why aren't you interested in cleaning the ditches are putting concrete. Coverts where they're needed in the city and and mowing the grass and not leaving it all over the sidewalks that you can't even walk on it. I agree with with some areas need to be cleaned up. I totally agree with that but there's more to it than that inside of our town inside of the city limits the old city old town let's say. We are the last ones to get our garbage picked up on pick on pick up days and if they don't pick it up on Friday due to the weather or the whatever. We get picked up the next week why it seems like the neglect is more and more in the inner city what we're talking about the old part of town yet you're interested in bringing in new stuff. I know they're growing pains growing pains are just that pains when you're growing I understand that. But what you can take care of it doesn't seem like it y'all are tape I say y'all you know what I mean I don't I'm not accusing anyone particular person right here but it needs to be addressed more than it has been addressed and that's mainly my concern. You know like I said growing pains are just that pains when you're growing this is going to happen. And I think that we can work on that in an amicable way you listening to us we listening to you I need I know people want to build they want to upgrade they want to make young's will look better but work on what you have instead of trying to work on what's going to come in the future so much and I think that that would be a great thing for this town. That's all. Thank you. Thank you. My name is Sandra I just have a question what is the like the new land use I need to know like what is the time frame for that you know what is that going to be put into play because I know you'll say this is the hit y'all trying to get something like the historic district into the land use and I just wanted to know what is what I said how long would it be before something like that goes into effect. Well I think we're trying to just gather feedback about what actions if any need to be taken that's what I do have something to say that a lot that you were showing I was born and raised there that's where my house used to be with the one on the street