few. Is that all? Okay. I think that's all right. Personally, after eight and a half years of looking at these budgets and meeting with Ben, Burleigh or St. George R. Now or CFO, I've come accustomed and experienced with our budget process month to month. Typically what I do is I review it once our packet comes out via email and I inquire any questions to Ben. So that's the budget, right? That's what that monthly. That's my process. I don't know like anybody else. Yeah, you have something. No. No. Question I have is I'm glad you spoke up. How is it that in the past we've just had a special audit and we found misappropriate perps y'all misappropriation of funds. And you've had 84 months and you've looked at these types of things. How did that get past us? Well, the process on that which we spoke about at that meeting where we brought up was approved by the head of that department. Our accounting department costs a check because that's approved by them. It's not a split off line on them. It's bulked into the budget. So we're not going to see those specifics. So what did we say? What are we setting if you don't mind? If you don't mind. Well, I want to cut you know, I was only have a few minutes. You know, I want to comment. So I'm trying to give you what I'm getting at is at the end of the day. We've just had a situation where everything's been approved. And we have no accountability and by my math. By my math, we're probably about 34, $38,000 in the whole. And that's basically to $10,000 that y'all that has been spent on doing the audit is something like 10 grand. I don't even know all those numbers. But at the end of the day, it's a lot of money. And as I see it, you guys are the peers are the people that are supposed to control our money. That's the way that I look at it all the way across the board and y'all failed. That's. Huh? You should have ran for the seat. You just missed qualifying. Is that what it's all about? It's about it's about running for the seat. It's about that. Well, you are elected. We asked you to do it. So do your job. It's just about we didn't start it. I'd first of all, I didn't ask you a question. All right. This isn't a rant where you get to come up here and just to berate everyone. And you're up. What? How am I? How am I doing that? You guys are the one that basically lost $38,000 of our money. We found where 28,000. You didn't find anything. You can twist it the way that you want. Okay. This is not where you. This is not the platform to come up here and shout out. If you have any questions