bill relative to this this session, perhaps to give us some more alternatives for having an official journal. As luck has it, we had to make the decision to approve it for the 12 years now, but I'm glad they're having that discussion to hopefully give us some more options in the future. So is there any public comment? All right, wait a moment, second. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right, thank you, Council, agenda item 5.3. Council, as you know, part of the 1-104 development code required in a low and multi-density developments to come before you. So that's what we have here for you tonight. There's two addresses, it's the same developer, Mr. Michael Shapell, and he's gonna present his, I'm sorry, Mr. Shapell here. Yes, sir, how are you? Good, thank you. So he's here, and we're gonna be talking about the request that he has here. If we can, I'll start off with number one, which is 100 Eugene Street. And for the public's benefit, in case you aren't familiar with this property, this is the corner property at Eugene, and I guess that's Avenue B, the corner property. And is it, am I right about that? And let's see, I took a couple of notes here. So the ordinance has its written council, even if everything was within line with the current ordinance, it would still be here for you. And for the public's knowledge, the reason we do that is really just to make sure, are the council at the time when they adopted the ordinance was to make certain that the ordinance was really working right as they intended. They wanted to make sure that it was appropriate, it wasn't overly written, and that the restrictions were adequate for what they felt at the time. The current ordinance for town homes, what we call low density developments, 10 is the maximum units that you can put per acre. So if you have a half acre, you could put five. You can go up two more to do 12 per acre, which would be six per half acre, and if you can scale it. So if it's quarter of an acre, it would just be scaled accordingly. You can do two more per acre provided that there's some additional steps that are taken on that property. That particular system has worked well for us for neighborhood development. There's minimum lot whists that are required in our neighborhood development. You can go a little bit smaller on the minimum lot whists provided that there's other amenities added into the development. That was the spirit that the council had when they drafted this ordinance, when they started seeing a lot of low density, low and multi-density developments coming to play. So the first ask is to, for this particular parcel, is to allow there to be 11 units per acre instead of 10 units per acre. Just for you