Louisiana 89 G out round about to add that second circulating lane and then also the East Milton Avenue corridor. Both of those job areas are heavy utilities so they're within the room of error to where they're really the exercises called pot hole and where they're actually opening the ground and making sure that they're visually seeing the utilities before they finalize their design. So that's what's happening with the two Neil Shay for projects. 10 many updates for the council sir. Yes under the sports programs right now the YC endure girls volleyball jamboree was this past weekend. They'll be practicing during the week and playing games on Saturday and Sundays about 580 girls leading up to that our indoor camps for indoor girls volleyball we had about 400 girls attending those camps. Adult softball games have started on Tuesday Wednesday and Thursdays a winded up with 92 teams sugar beach adult volleyball the summer league is ended and will begin the fall league starting next week with around 148 teams. FNA flag football practice is currently going on their games will be played on Monday and Friday starting September 22nd and we have about 759 players in FNA football. Sock of practice has started and they started their games on the weekends. Sock of practice is over the rec soccer now and L.A. crew rush is over the select side of soccer. All tennis programming continues the rec center all pickleball council and aging and free play continues under some special events coming the special Olympics state horseshoe tournament will be this Saturday at Foster Park from 9 to 12. There will be about 150 players competing and the regional tournament will be at Foster Park also on October 7th with about 80 players competing in it. Out of the darkness suicide walk will be September 30th at Foster Park. UL men's tennis tournament will be this Friday Saturday and Sunday at the Raising Cain's tennis center. The matches will be Friday from 1 to 8 Saturday 9 to 3 and Sunday 8 to 2 and the teams competing will be UL Nichols Lamar and Tyler junior college. And admission will be free to get in to see those matches. We have a big caterpillar rental company family fund a softball tournament which will take place Saturday September 23rd and they'll roughly have probably 800 to 1000 people participating in that event. Capitoli projects veterans part of course I think is going to come on board on on veterans day. This starting the brick campaign also and the board pork sign is up and final plans are taking place for possible late fall. Thank you. Thank you Timber exciting another collegiate tournament here at our sports complex for this weekend so free admission. It's going to be a great opportunity to see some tennis play from various colleges so thank you very much. I think the Mississippi. Oh, I need to wait a minute. I'm still learning.