Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You're winged. Okay. Ready, Nicole? All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome. We'll call this meeting to order. Today is Thursday, June 29, 2023. It's a special meeting of the Youngsoil City Council. We welcome you to the Youngsoil Municipal Complex. This evening, I'd like to invite Councillor Matt Romero to lead us in the invocation. If you remain standing for the Pledge of Allegiance this evening. And I'm Father Sunholy, spirit and I'm in. Dear Lord, please look upon us as we make decisions tonight for our next fiscal year that we don't take anything lightly and that we continue to work as a group throughout the city for the betterment of the City of Youngsoil. We also pray for all of our families, officers, firefighters and first responders out there that you keep them safe during these summer months. Amen. Come in. Pledge of Allegiance to the flag of the United States of America. The senator of public, for which it stands, one nation under God in this global liberty and justice for all. All right. Thank you, sir. And good evening again and welcome. Several items on the agenda tonight largely related to the adopting the amended budget for the fiscal year that ends June 30th and adopting our new fiscal year budget. A couple of other items of business starting with resolutions, resolution. Item 2.1 is resolution 202319, a resolution of the city of Youngsoil, authorizing the mayor to accept the donation of a movable property, a 1.07 acre commercial lot for Metery Place incorporated. So moved. Right. Motion by Romero. Second by Stan's Berry. Is there any council comment or any public comment on this item? For the public benefit, this is a new residential development, new residential neighborhood called Metery Place that's located the corner of Shim and Metery and VLA road at the roundabout there. We've had their final walkthrough punch list and we just recorded their final plat for that development. The generosity of the developer and I'd like to think the persuasive negotiation of myself. So the developer agreed to donate 1.7 acres of a lot which is directly on the roundabout for the betterment of city facilities or resources. So internally our team is looking at evaluating that space for potentially a fire department in the future or for another positive cause for the city. I appreciate Mr. Gidry's generosity and his working with us to continue growing our city together as he's developing a residential development. So. Did I ask there was motion second? Mr. Gidry please call the roll. Mr. Linneu. Yes. Mr. Ojano. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stan's Berry. Yes. Miss Champagne. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you. All right. agenda item 3.1. Two ordinances for final adoption. Budget amendment ordinance 484-2023 in ordinance amending the annual operating budget of revenues and expenditures for the city of Youngsville, Louisiana for the fiscal year 2022-2023. I'm motion to adopt budget amendment ordinance