This is the new ladder of 63 that we just took ownership of Uh, this is kind of a cool display at night of how it'll look up when it's set up Um, it'll go on service in the next few weeks. It's uh, we're taking a lot of pride in this uh, the truck gets replacing it's two decades old So the um pierced manufacturing will be coming to do in a in service training on it Believe next Wednesday. I want to say Uh, because obviously technology has increased substantially in two decades um Next thing is guns at hoses. Please come out. It's a good way also way to meet your first responders locally other than uh, national national not out um We've had a phenomenal attendance the last two two years has been great. So looking forward to seeing everybody there um The parish pro clean up we had the saturday after the mardi grperade was a phenomenal turnout Philicate grows every year. I was proud to see a lot of our students from our schools and civic organizations there Uh, in residence as well Brothers long-haired services a phenomenal job of picking up after mardi grol so While we still have things to pick up it was very minimal, which is really great to see um Next uh, parish fire protection we passed the resolution last uh last meeting Uh, trying to bring civil awareness our parish council Was very disappointing to hear that only one of our parish council members replied to the email Uh, and that was Kevin Nakam uh for own district being Josh Carlson's extremely disappointing. We still have a hurt a single thing from him Uh, and the funding still lacks From parish. We haven't received the check from them since last august So if you live in the parish or in the city of time to speak up and time to bring some awareness to that Um, and lastly, I want to send our deepest condolences Uh, thoughts and prayers to sentient high school uh, the students the uh the parents I never buy the new coach ceilie. Oh, we're sorry to see her that she's passed away Um, and we hate to lose someone apart by community so thoughts and prayers to them Thank you councilmember. Full of shine on miss raya Yes, so uh april 15 crew love you do will be hosting the garripe Williams um memorial cookoff. It's gonna be jambalaya pasta laia Um, that's gonna be held at the sports complex April 15th, which is Opening day for baseball, softball, t-ball, all the funds Jeff um, so we hope to see you know everybody out there um, and it is in memory of uh council member of garripe Williams So it's gonna be a little bit exciting to raise some money and get back to the our charity that we're gonna be um picking this year um, just uh best of luck to jake