another scenario across town where where it's, you know, not in my backyard. That's a real thing. Yeah. You know, and that's that's some of what our challenges are, you know, when it relates to, you know, that these, this, this group has the governing body. Clint, if you, if you want mine, just maybe do a, do a, do a measurement from the, from the fence line to like that front park install. So I can, so I can answer Miss Reo's question, you know, fairly. Know the one that's all the way to the, you know, you go right there. It doesn't, well, to the edge of it, if you don't mind, what is it? 170. 170. Yeah, 170. So, so that answers your question. That's where the 150 came from because that would be an acceptable spot with permission from Lewis, which, which Mr. Casey has. You know, the, the, I didn't, not that you all, I didn't know that the 50 feet thing because Yoke is also. Yeah. Right here. It is. They actually absolutely love us. By the way, Yoke, Yoke, I mean, we, we go back and forth. If they need something, we, we give them something we've had a really, really good relationship. Yoke is in that back right corner. Yeah. And their house, another house is pretty much the same distance as the household that we deal with. Yeah. So, Council, the challenge, the challenge here is, you know, we can conversations with Mr. Friend, you know, their preferences to have the food truck parked on the side of the, on the side of the building. Clint, if you show, just with, with the cursor, if you don't mind, just side of the building there or in the rear of the building. As I said, I want to, I think we all, let me, you know, correct, y'all, correct, meteor comments of y'all, and we all want to see, you know, a business succeed here. You know, this, this building in particular is grand-pildered in with our current land use ordinance because of the, when the building was built, or else, there would be a greater buffer between, you know, that back alleyway there. So, and you know, all of you are those you that were with me last time know that we started this process of, and I asked you guys, y'all want to look at food trucks, y'all, y'all, should we, y'all want to, are we ready for it? And we all basically said, you know, hey, get the framework together, Nicole Spence, quite a bit of time on getting some framework together. I think Matt, you might have cleverized some input. But we all largely said, let's wait, let's monitor it, let's wait and see. I'm just bringing it to you now at this point because I need some direction because I've taken it as far as I can in this particular scenario. I want to see the business