we'll allow for discussion. And then that can of course still be your directive. What a similar motion is failed. I'd like to make a motion to comment on item 8.1 resolution number 2023-09. All right. Is there a second? No second. All right. I'm Mr. Romero and a second. I'm Mr. Stansberry to open for discussion. But as before, I begin with public comment. Is there any council comment prior to the public comment? I'll come back to you if you'd like. I would just say that I appreciate Wade reaching out to us and letting us know, obviously we didn't take an account in the Easter holidays. A lot of these law firms needing to absorb all the information. Wade's schedule as well. So I think it's prudent upon us to wait until we have all information and all firms as possible in front of us for any decisions considered. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. First speaker, George, Mr. Knox, were you wishing to speak on this item, sir? You're welcome to it. And what's the pleasure of that council? Are we going to do a would you like for me to enforce a time rule or I think? Sir, three minutes. All right. Miss Gidry, three minutes if possible. I got you. All right. Good evening. Mayor and council, good evening. I last appeared before you at the special meeting when the idea was being considered about whether or not the mayor and the council have the authority to order an investigation. I'm going to let the chief of police. At that time, I quoted exclusively from the Laws and Act. And the Laws and Act is where the state legislature has set forth as the powers of the mayor and the powers of the council. And I specifically read from the section that addresses the mayor's additional powers, dues and responsibilities. And it says number one, to supervise and direct the administration and operation of all departments, offices and agencies, other than a police department with an elected chief of police and conformity with the ordinances of law. Your mind interpretation of that was that it was fairly straightforward. It made an exception that the mayor has supervisors of the authority over the administration and operation of all departments, other than a police department with an elected chief of police, which is everyone is aware in the Steve Youngsville. We have an elected chief of police with our police department. Subsequent to that, I look to see if the Attorney General of Louisiana has ever issued an opinion concerning the right of a council and a mayor to order an investigation of a elected police chief and Youngsville police department. And it's my understanding that Chief Brugel has provided you with a copy of this opinion, but I brought additional copies so that everybody can take home and read it since you're not going to be making the decision tonight. You're just a long