on that corner would be most fair to the businesses. We had a couple of other options where we could place some smaller signs. There are tree obstructions, not quite the same view opportunities from traffic. So that's why we kind of settle on this space. Any other questions in the council? Yeah, I got one more. So we know a lot about big construction projects here, and we know that they usually last a year and a million dollars more than we anticipate. So you're asking for 18 months, what happens if you're not done in 18 months? Well, I think actually initially, we said, I think we wanted to request 18 to 24, no longer than 24. The way we actually thought about doing this is because the spaces will be purchased over time. We know that we're not gonna fill up one sign all at one time. So the plan is to construct one, and then when that one fills up, we'll construct a second and fill that one up. But whatever the council decides as far as the timeframe, we will abide to. So if you say 18 months, then the information that we distribute to the businesses, we'll tell them 18 months, and then when that time spans, we'll take the signs down. So Deacon Bustani, so just one sign initially, until you've got you. Okay. Deacon, personally, I hadn't had a chance to talk to Father Rousseau, I did see him at National Day Prayer. I think which are doing, and the quickness of where y'all've gotten to, y'all've flown out the gate, and I know whether it's big bins says, or parishioners or whatnot, but I think it's an asset which are doing with everything we've done. Personally, though, I would rather move this to another month, or whenever, talk to Father Rousseau, maybe come up with a different game plan, just because of the monasticity of what these signs will be. I have no problem with something being there myself. I don't know about the other four, but I would personally like to see it definitely downsides drastically. Before we made a variance of such magnitude. Okay. Yeah, we can, I feel the same way. I think we want to do something. I think we need a little bit more discussion, and maybe work with y'all on maybe the sizing of it. I mean, 80 feet right there is quite large. So we're not saying no at this point, but we're going to, I'd like to make a motion to table this in kind of a, I'd like to make a motion to prove actually. Okay. Okay. All right. Which I guess we can entertain if there's a second on the approval at this time. All right. I'm not hearing any seconds to approve at this time. So Councilman Stansbury, we can go back to your motion if you'd like to consider that for table. Make a motion to table it till