that sure, mo, it's sure, mo ponds where we were starting. Yes. So, we're basically a year from last year, we set out an initiative to make sure that everyone that operates a golf cart in the city, that registration is improved, ease of registration through our website and that we have community events in the neighborhoods. Don, I think, has done a phenomenal job of that. And now, since we're on the year anniversary of that, she's wanting to get back and kind of do that again. So, we'll make sure that the neighborhoods fully aware of when that is. And we'll get those schedules coordinated. That just the July 3rd fireworks being at the support complex issue. Yeah. Yeah. So, make plans accordingly. Yeah. Excited about that. We've been meeting a lot about the July 30 event. It's very similar in nature. Same organizers as previous years. But I think you will agree that we've just really outgrown the footprint of Sugar Mill pond development. Some of the areas that we're parking previously are now being developed. If you're on Savoy or Shimmy Metery or really from any viewpoint, I bury you can see new houses being developed in the newest phases, kind of to the south of Waterview apartments. So really, Sugar Mill pond is growing to a but to the sports complex. So, I think this will be a transitional year for us. We're moving the fireworks display to the sports complex in hopes that next year we'll be able to have it near the amphitheater on the expansion site. But we have a lot of great things planned for anyone that's, this is a good move. There'll be more parking this time next year. Sugar Mill pond sports complex, sports complex expansion. Next to the heart of our city, it's really exactly where we plan to be. It's not as far away as it once seemed when you see where the houses are currently being built in Sugar Mill pond. I mean, that was just a field. So, good reminder about that. Thank you, Chief Terry. Just a couple of things. A couple of things on the dog park. They started planning trees out there, running irrigation. We're going to be working on the drainage in the front along with the parking area. And then on the veterans park, the parking area has been poured to include access from the roadway so that there is some work in there. So, that's coming off pretty good. Just want to take the opportunity to congratulate Alex Madderow. He just received all fours across the board for water, treatment and all that. And then also, that's in his level three. It's good. It's very exciting. We were very proud. Alex is our new, well, he's been an associate. He's been a colleague of ours for several years. But when we saw it out for a water superintendent, we did a public search and our best applicant was right