first when we have done a considerable and reinvestment and a new fleet? Do you have an expectation of needing new fleet in the new budget year for any other vehicles at this time? Well, if we were to do that, yes, absolutely. We still have not replaced any of the SROs you've had yet. And we, like I said, we have those and I think we still have two officers assigned to a patrol division, most to operate in the older black and whites. Three. Okay, well, we'll have those discussions starting the budget because the SROs are also probably using them less on the road, but we'll cross that I guess in the during the budget process. All right, any other public comment, I should say if there's no council discussion on this. Any public comment? Okay, so we have a motion to amend the budget for $40,000 to purchase a vehicle and equipment within the parameters of the state contract. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? No. Mr. Sanbury? Yes. Miss Sean Pine? No. Motion tied. Okay, as presiding officer, there's two and two I vote affirmative for the purchase. Motion agreed. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Our eight resolutions, 8.1 resolution, 2020-309, a resolution authorized in the city attorney to obtain a law firm for an independent investigation of the Youngsville chief of police on behalf of the city of Youngsville. It's a pleasure, the council. Mayor, if possible, I had a discussion with our legal council. I'd like him to let us know how many legal firms in this discussion. We're happy to. I solicited six firms received one package, but I know there are two others that are interested and have committed to meet a sin something. I guess I was a little too ambitious at the last meeting given the Easter holiday and the in the break. So I have only received one, but I anticipate two or three more coming and would like to move the disclosure of those or the decision on those till the next regular schedule council meeting. Mayor, if nobody objects, I'd like to table the item to the May council meeting. Before I, before there's a second, I just want to share with you since, as you know, items that are tabled would not allow discussion. I'm fine if that's the direction of the council. There are a couple of people that did sign in wishing to speak on this. It's certainly up to you guys on how you wish to handle it. But before you make a second, I'd also like to, for you guys just to consider, should you desire to comment, you'll miss that opportunity as soon as there's a second to table. I'd like to hear with you. Yeah, let's consider some tap to say. Okay. Well, then I would recommend that you make a motion to have a discussion on the item, followed by a second, and