So their biggest competition is the Chinese government. This project has been negotiated for about eight months. One of the issues was holding out for the federal administration to agree to the definition of US sourced. Did it mean China could bring its products here and put it together? Or did it mean we would build those products here in the United States? And that's where they weren't going to build this plant unless the feds agreed to the definition of US sourced being made in manufacture in the United States. So this plant is going to be over 700 high-end jobs. Not only will it increase the number of residents you have in youngsville, their suppliers are coming. Soon as this amount announcement was made, their suppliers come with their own plants. There will be several more announcements to follow and searches. They will begin that search process now. So what I'm saying to you is be ready for that. This is the kind of thing we need in Louisiana to get our kids home. It's something where they can make good money, do exciting things, advance manufacturing. You don't have hands touch the project from the beginning today. It starts on the process and it goes all the way through electronically. And so it's really engineering design, creative jobs. And so anyway, that's the kind of work I do. Work across today, parish lines, want to bring that home to Lafayette and make Lafayette that place for our kids. Not to just raise their kids, but to come and live and thrive and have a good life. And so that's it. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you so much. And best of luck to you. Thank you. We acknowledge you today at the ribbon cutting for the drainage projects for the work at the APC. All right. The gentleman 3.4 is Justin Santani. And it's his candidacy for Lafayette parish assessor. Welcome back to Youngsoal Justin. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Council for having me this evening. I'm going to speak to you tonight about what's quite possible, the dorkiest job in Lafayette parish. It's very difficult to make it interesting. It's very difficult to really, really hit home with it. What I like to start off with is me and my family 12 years ago when we bought what we hope is our forever home, the home where our children, when they have children will tell their, tell my grandchildren about the memories that they made in that home. And when we bought it, I like a lot of families in Lafayette parish, it was an older home. And so there was a lot of renovation that had to be done. I spent more hours than I care to admit pulling Shadcarpening off the floor and pulling tax strips up with a little pry bar. And as I was doing that, I would add a lot of time to think and I would think to myself,