those alleys in those areas where the houses front on parks that you want me to have so that's not an issue. That's all the comments and waiver requests. So I'll comment outside of this if you pull up the amenity layout. Scroll down to the second page. So you know what one of the important things about T&Ds is that the T&D have an amenity package or amenity packages. This has been designed by Bill Reichs office. I know Bill's doing some work for y'all and this is what's going to get billed. What you're looking at is about $800,000 worth of improvements. It's a small zero entry pool area, a pickleball court. There's a children playground there, a pavilion there and then we have a dock out into the lake behind it. What's not shown here is we actually have a walk and trail that runs along the large lake that connects back into the development. We have a significant amount of open space and so I think you know we've gone out of our way to make sure that we're staying true to what T&D should be about from a quality of life standpoint and we're certainly going to make that financial commitment to do that. Any questions? Any questions from the council? Thank you. All right, thank you Mr. Dave. Any public comment Mr. Trayon? Are you good sir? All right. I'd like to comment. Yes sir, please you're welcome to address the council. If you would mind sharing your name with us please. My name is Mike Newton and I own the property that borders to the south of this development. Yes sir, welcome. Mike, my concerns are with all these alleyways dead ending at my property. Will there be a fence there? What's going to be bordering the property line? So if a fence is not required there council but yet so it would just be an open alley. I mean I owned all that along the whole you know I have all these little streets. There's nothing but a sugar cane field there you know. But another thing is the drainage. There was a ditch dug there by a farmer and it started off on the property line. On the east side but by the time it got to the west side of this property it was all on my property. So I was wondering what's going to happen with that ditch. You know it wasn't a surveyed another one of the dug it was just dug by eye. Right. And when they put the power lines in that's when I could tell that well he did it straight so that's you know another concern I have. Yes so as far as that ditch there the the surveyor is going to pick that up. The civil engineer is going to do an existing site topo and he'll show all the existing drainage on the site and when he gives me here proposed contours