nothing to do with those three positions. I guess and like not knowing everything gave concern was that if said here, if that hearing is ruled in favor of that officer that he automatically does come back to YPD. Yes, so we wanted to make sure at least temporarily the position was held till because it sounds like that litigation or that's about to be resolved within the month or less is the hearing is on the 13 or 14. It is new water for us. So yes, but that position has nothing to do with those three vacancies. I just want to make sure you understood that it has nothing to do with him coming back or not. So if if he were to come back, his salary is baked into the current budget as is without the three like that is correct. I don't use you have the poor chart. I guess the way it was just fine with the org chart and what we saw. I'm glad you're yeah, let's get on the same page. Yes, you know, yeah, because of course, you know, right right away, we you I don't know if we don't know if you have officers ready to go or not whether you do or not that you all's you know in decision, we want to make sure three weren't filled and all of a sudden we had a fourth one and no, okay. Yeah, if you maybe don't mind or if maybe you want to look at all that. Okay, the deputy chief that the yellow ones what we understand to be the vacant positions. Right. And the yellow one would be where we on a night shift, we are short one officer already. And then we want the other yellow one would add that additional officer back in the traffic because we once at one time we did have two there before. But and the CID SRO sergeant, that's the position that's kind of in limbo, but again, those positions already in the budget, I'm saying so the three vacancies that we have now are from last year's budget that we're just trying to fill now. Yeah. So I'm confused. So then the budget, we wouldn't have we wouldn't have an increase in the budget this year if that's a position. Absolutely not. So then why don't I guess if this officer is reinstated. No, but he's saying that the officer's nothing to do with the three positions. That has nothing to do with the position. Yeah, because no decision has been made. I've been advised not to say his name. Right. Now I don't want to do that. Right. I don't see him on the org chart. So that's what made us think it was one of the vacant positions on this org chart. And his name, because again, all purposes, he's no longer employed by the youngs of the police department. So he's not a part of this roster