had quite a bit of residence contact with Velasco Crossing concerns about as well as the 89 guillot roundabout expansion. The hopes and goals is to have Velasco Crossing completed before we start that project by expanding and widening the roundabout. I think it's going to be a much safer intersection by widening that and also the intersection of Velasco Crossing extension is going to be really superior for us for sugar ridge. I say us myself because I live in there, but creating that many homes exiting one of the same state highway is a nightmare in the morning. So I think allowing traffic to divert in two different directions is going to be phenomenal. Second thing, I want to, I guess, just kind of, I'm going to bring this up. My friend Alex Borca passed away a year ago due to an uncurable cancer unfortunately. And today marks a year of his death. So I just want to acknowledge him and his life and make awareness for him. We've done two golf tournaments to raise awareness and to continue to raise funds and we'll continue to do so for the following years as long as I'm alive that I'll continue to be a part of that. So I want to get some more information. I'll share that with everyone who wants to be a part of that. And then I'll mimic Mr. Monshampal and wish to have him Mother's Day. It's all the mothers out there, especially my wife Shaina, my mother Amy, mother Latina, and then Jenae Alex's wife. All right, thank you, sir. I'm still landing. Yeah, so I'm also very proud of the Rotary Club and everything we've been doing. One of the projects I'm heading, it seems like I'm going to be spending the entire weekend at the sports complex in early June. Also on Saturday, June 10th at the sports complex, we will be having a glow-in-the-dark pickleball tournament called Pickle and Pints. It's one of our fundraisers that funds our scholarships, our grants, and things like that. So $100 for Mixed Double Team, a lot of fun, alcohol, music. It's all going to be black, light, glow-in-the-dark, the lines are going to dark, the nets go in the dark, the balls go in the dark. So it's definitely not a competitive tournament, I would say. So if you're intro to Pickleball, this is kind of it. But we're just looking to have a good time and raise some money. All right, thank you very much. I didn't touch on Neil Schafer's report, but I appreciate Lindy doing so. Neil Schafer's the design engineer for two major projects in the city of Youngso, one that he just touched on, which is the track around about. Around about it go fresh, guillot, and shimmy medirees we've reported before. That intersection needs to be reconstructed now. They ask false deteriorating on that roundabout. But we also are having just an explosive amount of growth on