of the denefied that some serious issues along with that report was that the same individual in charge of the investigative crime itself was also in charge of the evidence. So I do think it's responsible in ourself to kind of maybe reflect back on some of that and note that we need to have a separate do you are someone separately in charge of both of those where we're not. I thought really protocol and other agencies in the area. And the second thing is that we approved a police department budget and this currently fits within his budget. So for me if that's what he wants to fulfill the position with use the money for that so be it. And if he wants to have officers in the future and that's going to cost for money well he knows that now and then that'll have to come back to us in the future but it currently fits within his budget. So I'm not going to I personally'm not going to book the system if he feels that it's needed now. And if it's within his budget that so be it and then we'll we'll address the addition of the the salaries of future sellers in the future. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Volgiano. Yes, I do understand where you coming from, Mindy. I think that we have to be very proven with all departments within our city. I think the most important thing that we can do right now is make sure that you have the patrol that you need. Which you do in one food job of trying to hire really have a big concern about promoting people within the department or even bringing them in from outside right now. And at this at this time because we know we need those patrol officers and I'd hate to say I hate to see people having a lot more work a burden than what they have. But did I want to access this question did the audit tell you you needed to have more people to segregate those jobs. The Lindy had mentioned that we needed segregation really basically what he's saying is we need to segregate the duties right. You need to have a sergeant over so so so what he's doing so did the audit say you had to segregate the legislative our audit our internal audit that we do every year you know they give us recommendations for our departments. Was that one I want to segregate you do this last year. No and I wasn't a plan that was set in there I was just saying that that's just not really protocol in other agencies. That'd be like the mayor being the same person who cuts the checks as well as the plan you can't have the same person approving right. I was just I was just implying that it's not really customary to have the same person investigating the crime and then also