right way and we fund them the right way and potentially maybe other projects So uh, I feel blessed to be up here and continue to serve everybody but uh You know teamwork which was about Congratulations to you as well. I'm Lindy too Sister Ann's very Yeah kind of echo everything. I mean some great comments that have been said Mayor you know going through all those projects. I mean you're our leader You know you're at the you're the tip of the spear as we call in our military world and uh you Don't know if I'm a job. I appreciate no balancing at all. You know, we have a great team around us But we still need a great leader. So thank you. Thank you for juggling everything and keep it a song try I appreciate it. Yep I um I thought of one other project and I want to know it's another project Miss Ray's here Thank you for your patience with well number nine I know that we've had some road closures there. I've been aware of them. They've kept me abreast of them So I'm sorry I didn't want to be able to speak to you directly about it And we will still be doing the nice front fence there as if I live there We're also correctly fixing across strain. I think in that area Eonies Parkwood Whether somebody rog in on the road in the curve. I think right by Byron and where it crosses our property So we're not we're not done with the area All right, I'm sorry Miss champagne welcome. I'm sorry. I'm welcoming you at the end of the meeting Thank you mayor I'd like to reiterate also what our council members said I look forward to working with the mayor and the council. It's a great team and I'll stay up as beyond Anyone's expectations and I sincerely want to thank the residents of young civil having the confidence in me to be able to join this great team So I'd like to thank them and I also don't want to leave tonight without shame Thanking our interim councilwoman miss Shannon borrows And as we can see miss Shannon borrows is in charge of the gumbo chili cookoff So but she did a tremendous job is serving an interim and I look forward to see and hearing and learning more from her on her leadership in our city All right, thank you miss champagne. She Should be on oh all right First congratulations to all of you. It's honored to serve with you I will say Carbureaucer is on the rise, but I'm not going to save my comment Then I'll say I'll just let it sit there with that in my drop I do ask the The residents to understand we cannot be everywhere all the time But you do have officers that are out there 24-7 They miss holidays with their families they miss anniversaries