just my two cents unfortunately these are typically always passed without any discussion. It's pretty cut and dry stuff but tonight it wasn't. All right let's move on agenda item 9.1 no excuse me 8.3 resolution 2024 16 a resolution authorizing the mayor to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement with the parish of Lafayette regarding funding from the state of Louisiana governor's office of homeland security and emergency preparedness offset eligible costs incurred in connection with severe storms and tornadoes from May 20 to through June 9th subject to executive order JML 2472 is there a motion. So moved. All right thank you mr. Romero and is there a second Ms. Boris seconds thank you ma'am. Council with this does uh back in in May as you know we had some unnamed an unnamed storm they produced significant amount of damage uh Vincent Pierre's here by the way I want to just acknowledge him from the mayor president's office as our as our liaison Vincent thanks for being here sir. So this is this is an opportunity for us to get some of our expenses from that time we did have we did have a debris pick up over two weeks during this time period so this gives us the opportunity to do the process of getting reimbursement on those expenses because of the efforts made at the parish level in conjunction with the state's declaration so is there any comment or any public comment relative to this okay if there's no comment Ms. Gidry please call the vote. Ms. Boris yes mr. Volgiano yeah mr. Romero yes mr. Creed yes Michelle fine yes motion approved all right thank you agenda item 9.1 is ordinance for introduction 495 2024 in ordinance of the city of young zool Louisiana authorize in the city of young zool to sell certain immovable surplus property located at 3014th street young zool Louisiana which is not needed for public purposes is there a motion okay motion by michelle pund second by mr. boljano through any council discussion or any public comment if you if you're following along and realize we did introduce this previously I decided to hold it because we were having a public hearing relative to downtown young zool since this property was located in downtown young zool I realized I mean we we missed the advertisement window to move it to final so I'm bringing it back to you for introduction I wanted to wait till after that public hearing took place okay if there's no public comment misgidred please call the vote. Ms. Derbosiano yes mr. Romero yes Miss Creed yes Michelle fine yes yes motion approved okay ordinances for final adoption 10.1 ordinance 375.2 2024 in ordinance amending ordinance number 375 2014 regulating the permitting of golf carts and slow moving vehicles there's a motion by michelle pund in a second by mr. Creed is there any council discussion okay if there's no mayor if you don't mind I'd like