I mean, they have a beautiful shelf. I mean, they are really just done top notch, but there's a lot of areas. These pictures for give me there about a week old, but there's areas along here that still need to be seeded, you know, and so forth. I think I think miss champagne which you're referring to is largely the 50 foot access road. You know, that access road was really we were able to negotiate that with the landowner who I'm proud to say was there today. Because this was a property that was well, all of our properties were amicably acquired. I was proud to sell it, but it was amically acquired. I was proud to see the landowner that we purchased the property was there today. And he asked to take a picture with me that that was pretty cool. You know, just as we said, you kept your promise. And at any rate, the 50 foot construction access road to which comes out on side of Yoke, which goes to this property. That road has to be put back. I think it was top soil pam and I looked at there's a there was a some top soil that was scraped that was mounted up that grass has grown on it. We need to level that off and basically clean that up. We have an obligation to that property owner on the north property to restore his property back to the condition that he had it. And we also agreed with him to put a fence from just north of that first up out street to his property. So that has to be done as well. I don't know Pam, I mean from the contractor standpoint, I mean, is there anything else that I'm that off the top of mind for that particular. I mean, they have to demobilize their equipment and things, but sure. So he still have a month and a half left in their contract for them to go back and do the punch list items that you're talking about. But yes, we do have to restore the property and do a bunch of what we would call cleanup. And we're going to do a walk through with them. Our goal was to. We were hoping that that would all that have been done by today and it just didn't happen, you know, because we got all the other projects. We're trying to move dirt as quickly as possible with the with the weather, the great weather. But yes, we're going to take care of all of that. And on their punch list, I'm not quite sure about a road that was too high. She said there's one house and I can work with you to provide the address. The resident indicated that she felt she was holding some more water. So I don't know, perhaps in the creation of the road, there might have been a little filled that was, you