of not having it downtown, there was too many negatives to continue that at this time. I do think that Councilman Baires and Bulljohn have brought up about the amount of floats. I think what it did was I heard it and I felt it. When you were finished with the parade, the parade was done. The prior two years, we were log jam for hours. Most people that were on the route, they were like, it's here. It's actually done. There were years where it's like, oh, no, there's another 20 floats. There's a big gap. I think we're all landed on that number that was a good number. Hopefully that's continues to be the case. For floats, this year we had 75. Hopefully this will be 80, 80, 80. What did you think about the length of the parade? It was good. I liked the route that it was. I did. My only thinking is making a link from the local business. I understand what's more about it. It's also watching me with the little antique shop. Along with the traditional buildings, people, you know, it is a change for them. I understand some will be upset about it. But I was by the name of Alan and Alan Arendt. Yes, ma'am. That brings residents to all those businesses. But watching the kids on those little barriers, I was thinking about that. I don't know how it was near the complex. It's what I saw right there. Yeah. It was very scary. The kids just don't listen to their parents or the parents are off. You know, visiting and nothing attention. It was just something to look at. Yes, ma'am. If you're having an emergency, if there's a lot of water, you can get in there. I think we can get in there. This year, I didn't hear of it. I was able to get to fantastic feedback from my daughter who was an EMT for Katie Namelens, who said long force, long force, where she could get her in and out rapidly to get to where they need to get to. So it was a success in that fashion all the way around. I was thinking, I want to bring up points that I understand. There's no matter what decision you make, it's never going to work. This round of written in the EMT will probably be about 10 years now. At the end of the break, we have. Years past, it was challenging because we started in one sub-town, we ended up in the other sub-town, and we have a float with 40 cents of people on it and try to make it back. We would spend hours in traffic on it for trying to get back. Or got forbidding, we actually did get back trying to get out of town. And then if you got out of town, you have to wait to try to come back in the town for anything. So it was