a minute and 27 seconds. I'm going to stand. I also have the right to say that you're. You can address after, please. Okay. Thank you. I just want to get a bearing based off of last month and future months coming up if you plan on helping anybody. I have no attention on that. No one. Well, I've had to take it. I'm going to take it. I haven't talked about it. What would you do that? Well, you've been told three times to stay on a agenda item and you deviated every time. Whether this chief helps anybody in the future is not a budgetary item. On this budget that you're holding, sir. It isn't. No, it isn't. Oh, wait, your wayoff is. No. Your wayoff, Mr. Seville. No. I think it's time for us to have a blue flute because you guys at the end of the day, you're not getting what you need in our officers are still struggling? still struggling. Okay, it's time for you to step up and help us. All right, our officers need help. All right, $16.16 an hour. You're recruiting people in and then plus some other stuff. Come on, dude, you need to fight these guys. You need to fight them. If you want to run and win, better start helping your people. So any other public comment. All right, Ms. Kidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right, other business 5.1. Mr. MacGulaz here, this evening to request a variance to section 1104, design standards and incentives, subsection 2B2A, B4B9B, and B19B for a future multi-family development, low density located 307 fourth street. Before I invite Mr. Gulab, let me just, I guess, provide a little bit of context here. You know, Council, you'll recall that you passed an ordinance related to low density and high density developments. Really just relative to, you know, what do you want those to look like and have in the future. And I think it was really, if my memory serves in right, it was really designed to, we were getting a large amount of those increase in development. So I think it was an opportunity for you just to really kind of help understand like, hey, you know, what's the need? What's the demand? What is it going to look like? Not just today, but in beyond. So it's part of that, as part of that ordinance, one of the, I guess, fail saves that you enacted as part of it was to hear any low density development that would potentially come before you, before the developer gets too far into the design process. Reason being is, I think you really wanted to see is the ordinance working as you intended it to be. So that's what's happening today. As you know, I mean, generally, the process for any type of residential development, if it's being subdivided, if the property is being subdivided, as you know, it comes