to be very careful about when we do this. This one has no fiscal impact and out of respect for the person that has submitted the house plans. I thought it made sense to hear it at the same time so that he can move forward with his new construction as well. I don't see Mr. Hart. I know he, oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Hart. Yes, sir. So Mr. Hart's here available and it's up for your decision tonight. Mr. Sean Hart. Yes, I have a question for Mr. Hart, please. If you don't mind. Thank you for investing in Young'sville. Is this going to be your personal home? Yes, ma'am. So you are billed to the right, your contractor. I've built a house in that subdivision. Not in that neighborhood. I recently lived in state of Palms, Phase 2, but I do build in Youngville. I'm building in Mosher, yes, of now. You don't anticipate coming before us for any other setback restrictions or requirements other than this one. And I'm okay with this one. I just granted one, I think, you know, when the plot was set, they went by the other ordinance. So I'm okay with this one. I just want to remind all my colleagues that we did adopt a room, a, I'll call it a council room, that we would not hear any of variances the night of a meeting. We'd have to have two days prior notice. In this case, we were already hearing one, but I just want to remind them that we do have that rule in place. That someone, anyone that wants a variance has to submit all the paperwork two days prior to the meeting so that we can look at it and evaluate it. So in saying that, I'll motion to move forward, Mr. Mayor. Thank you, Mr. Champagne and Mr. Romero seconds. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment or just, okay, if there's no public comment, please give me a schedule. Please call the vote to allow the reduction of the front setback from 25 to 20. I'll embave our motion approved. Mr. Hard, thank you. I think we may have did Kayla was going to give you a call. She's had maybe a question or two about the pool, but she's I spoke with her. Okay, I'm not told I'll scrap the pool. I'm worried about the house. Well, we're about the pool later. Yeah, we certainly want you to have a pool. I think she was just trying to compartmentalize it because we were anxious. We were trying to get the max of what we could this far back yard, absolutely. And all that. It looks like it's it's a great plan and we're happy to see you invest and move to young. So so thank you and build many more. We hope so appreciated. So we'll make sure we communicate to Kayla and I'm sure she'll get you what she need in short