personally just preference for us. We didn't love how the parking lot lays out. It's not an our opinion the most functional because as you're backing out, you're almost going into the right of way of your adjacent neighbor. And we thought it would be more ideal actually to have a lot enough driveway kind of almost matching each individual building where you can have two cars parked in the driveway and plenty of room to come in and out. Now as we say that, that's our preference. If it feels like it's important for us to do that paved many lot if you will, I don't think that'd be a big deal to us. And what are you all going to do about drainage? Because NMA, I have to ask, I don't know if Jeremy can maybe help us out here. When we do a subdivision, which is a division of a actual subdivision, this is a division of property. Correct? I think it's what I'm seeing. It would be in this case, yes, if they're wanting to sell them. Right. So normally we require a drainage study on that property. Have you all done that? No, no. Because I mean, these houses are going to be tight. Y'all want them to be very tight. So, so what is your projection of how you're going to handle drainage from those three homes on that small piece of property? To be candid with you, we haven't quite gotten that far. We'd be happy to go down that route. You know, and our we kind of talked a couple of other guys and they didn't necessarily know if it would be needed on just doing three particular lots. But if it is needed, then we'd be happy to explore what's what's needed. We certainly want what's best for the end buyer. What is the least amount of width of a lot that we have granted? Is it like 40 something feet? Frontage? I think what well outside of a T&D problem. Outside of a T&D? Yes. I think we can look at well as landing. That's probably about 40. But I'll look at 40. So we are just going to do these at 28 almost. Of what we have historically done. And many of the most home lots have to be a minimum of like 7,000 square footage. You know, for the extra for the lot itself. So what are you going to do about green space? I mean, you know, put families in them. So, you know, naturally, we want families to have space, you know, for their kids and the green space. So what are you going to do about that? Yeah, we think that actually the lot depth is actually pretty. We've got some room in the backyard for a family. What's the depth? We actually initially started off with 63 feet and length and actually we kind of did a look at the floor plan. We actually