and then there's case law and perhaps next time a Larsen Act City Council wants to make a decision on pursuing an investigation of a Larsen Act elected chief of police. You don't have to worry about opinion because you have judgment and decisions and cases precedent whatever it's called in the judicial system. Our council has heard enough outcry to feel that this is the appropriate step to move forward in. The decision tonight was to select a law firm to move forward in. I think even if we had a perspective from five different law firms for this council to choose from, I do think that the decision before you is the manner in which you want to move forward and is it simultaneous of requesting a declaratory action? Is it requesting a declaratory action before you embark on an investigation? I think that there's still questions there that procedurally you'll have to consider and address before this item is eventually taken up. I think that we all have a concern and have a fiduciary responsibility of course for what budget are we setting for this and so forth. And I know that those are things that you'll take under consideration because that's what you do. You're good stewards of the taxpayer dollars. I personally believe that regardless of how you choose to move forward, I do think that until enough of the opinions, I think it's time that we get some facts. And I would encourage you to as part of you do diligence moving forward. I've had conversations with the chief. I believe that Mr. Tron has had conversations with the chief's council. What is the relationship between a large-synact city council and a large-synact appointed chief? And I don't know what that answer may come back as. I mean, depends on the judge that it goes before. We don't know, but guess what? That is the opinion that matters. And so I think that we need to be thinking along those lines because ultimately, let's say hypothetically in this conversation, it comes back and says, no, a large-synact city council does not have the opportunity to do this. That doesn't mean the conversations over necessarily. It just means that the conversation may shift and that conversation may shift to be that, you know, perhaps a large-synact, maybe large-synact we've outgrown. Maybe we've outgrown, have an a large-synact elected chief of police. I don't know, but I think that there's other things that that judgment may open the conversation about. I also am cognizant of, you know, we're here because we were elected and there's other, there's there are other mechanisms. No one needs to have an invite to come in and do an investigation. If they're smoking guns, there's investigators that can come in. I hope they don't come to my office, you know, but they're welcome to come in. There's also recalls. If there's public outrage, I mean, where's the recall? So there are