All right. Good evening, everyone. This meeting is called to order Thursday, February 9, 2023. We welcome to the young's Immunenceful Complex this evening. We'd like to call upon Pastor Travis Minick from first Assembly Young's Vodalita Center in vacation. And if you please remain standing our pledge this evening will be led by our new mayor, Pro Tem, Mr. Matt Romero. For being a God who is not absent, a God that is involved in every part of our life. Lord, tonight we pray for your wisdom, your guidance and your support. As we discuss what, what is happening in your city, Lord, just continue to guide our community or give us wisdom, give us unity, Lord, and just give us, give us your total wisdom and guidance, Lord. Well, we thank you. We pray this and your blessed holy name. Amen. Pledge of allegiance to the flag of the United States of America. And to the Republic, what was your stance? One nation under God, and individual with liberty and justice for all. All right. Good evening, everyone. Again, we'll go ahead and move right into the meeting. A gen item 2.1 is approval of the council meeting minutes, January 12, 2023. All right. Motion by Mr. Stansbury, second by Mr. Romero. Any council comments or discussion? In the skidry, please call the vote on the January minutes. Miss Rayo, Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, Mr. Stansbury, Mr. Schumper. All right. Thank you, Council Finance Report 3.1, approval of the December 2022 Finance Report. All right. Thank you. Motion by Miss Champagne, second by Mr. Romero. Any council comments or discussion? All right. Well, I would like to take the opportunity to welcome Miss Catherine Greg to the city of Youngsville. She's been hired to be our deputy chief financial officer. Council members, I've shared with you guys already that Mr. Barley has indicated his intent to retire within the next future. The time period to be determined could be the end of the year or into next year, but with the rapidly growing city and all the accounts and all the projects, we've thought it was a good time to bring Miss Craig on board. So we welcome you to the city of Youngsville. She is a Youngsville resident and brings a lot of accounting experience to the table. So we're looking forward to sharing her. We're getting to learn from her experience as we continue to move the city forward. So welcome Catherine. Thank you. And also, I think I'm sorry, I didn't bring downstairs, but we have our sales tax report five months into the fiscal year. We are about, I think it was just shy of 10% of year of a year. Is that right? Yes, yes. All right, about 10% of year of a year for the public and the councils benefit. We were about six. We budgeted six percent up in sales tax growth. So we're exceeding that projection. So all right, Miss