to increase the capacity of our wastewater treatment plant. We've been progressively taking steps on that project. Over the years, this is the next phase of that. The water treatment plant, if you've been on Iberia Street, which we all have, you can see the progress happening on that job. That contractor is NCMC. And if you saw some areas of the job this week and a delayed like maybe three days to do anything with them, and you can already see the difference of the work if you passed just today. Some of the wastewater sewer pump stations, pump station four, the notice to proceed has been issued as Susan told us last week, our last meeting, pump station four is also at the horse arena. So it's a different contractor than it was awarded the water storage, the water treatment facility. So we gave them a notice to proceed to be at the beginning of December, because that way, they wouldn't be in each other's way there. Pump station three on Young Street, that has been awarded to Southern constructors and contracts are being executed on that. We have some other sewer pump station upgrades that are in progress too, but nothing that's really urgent on those. So any concerns or questions with any of the utilities that we have happening? All right, if there's none, Chief, are you interested in doing your report? Thank you. Good evening, thank you. Before I take my chief of police hat off, I want to thank everybody for coming to our national night out that we had. It was very successful. Thanks to all of our sponsors. It was great outpouring the family, friends having a great time and learning what law enforcement's all about in our fire department and what we do every day to keep our city safe. As I take that hat off, I wanted to just already not see my candidacy, but just further that to say, I took over this department last August when the position came up, I jumped at it. Not many people can say that they have an opportunity and I don't really serve their city, but serve it in the capacity of a chief of police where they are making a huge impact on the citizens, the families and the businesses. And I took that, put my heart and soul into stabilizing the department, advancing the department in several ways, up to and including several technological advances, implemented a lot of different things in the department that made our department more efficient, our officers more efficient, save the city money. Some of those didn't even cost. We're piloting the program that's not costing the city anything but increasing efficiency as it goes. We saw several high priority crimes in my time here. Recently we've been tracked to suspect which will have a press release that's coming to the week out to Indiana that committed crime in our city. He's currently being extradited