All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome. This is the regular council meeting for the month of May. It's May 9th, 2024. We welcome everybody to the young zool municipal complex. And let's see how to see our pastor come in this evening to see here. Pastor Chris Williams. No, do I have any do we would anyone like to lead us in an invocation? I'll have never had this happen before. Well, oh, sure, please. If you don't, if you don't mind. Yeah, come on up. And yeah, maybe introduce yourself just so we have the opportunity to say hello to you. I am Cole, Luzby, I'll listen to where to prayer. All right. Thank you. Cool. Welcome. Heaven the Father. We love you. Thank you for tonight. We pray God that you guide us lead us and bless our discussion. And Lord, ultimately, we trusted you to the same pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you so much. And our pledge to see me will be led by Councilman Volgiana. I want to be used to like the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God, indivisible with liberty and justice for all. All right. Welcome again, everyone. Nicole, please call the role. Ms. Barra here. Mr. Volgiano here. Mr. Romero here. Ms. Crea here. Miss Shampon here. All right. We have a quorum. Thank you. A gin item 3.1 is approval of the April 11, 2024 meeting minutes. Have a motion by Councilman Romero and seconded by Councilwoman Barra's. Is there any council discussion? Any public feedback? All right. If there's no public feedback, mischiedry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council. A gin item 4.1 is approval of the March 2024 finance report. All right. The motion by Mr. Volgiano, seconded by Ms. Crea. Is there any council comment? Any public comment? Okay. No public comment. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council. A gin item 5.1 this evening we have a variance request for a setback variance. Actually, Mr. Cole, Mr. Cole, lesbian, Marcus Traha, or here to request a setback variance for development and the division of 608 Avenue B into three lots. So, gentlemen, you're welcome to come up to the podium. Council on your packet. I think you have a copy of the proposal here. And just for your reminder, you passed a density ordinance. I'm sorry, I don't recall when referring to when we do properties that have like low density or more than single family homes. I know you put a lot of time into that ordinance, but in order to ensure that you were getting it right in order to test it a few times as part of the ordinance, you did ask that these type of developments, even if they meet all of the requirements come back before you. So, right now, low density, I think it's