my house. Now that they're building back there, there's more vehicles coming back there. Well, they come in and they can't turn around because the road is too narrow. So they just park. They go back there, do their work. Next day, there's water all over the street because they parked their vehicle on the road. And the road can't handle the weight. It's breaking the water lines. I've called on three separate occasions since they started working on those condos. Our roads aren't meant for all of this. And my question is, what are we going to do about all that? I mean, as far as the roads, we can definitely put that into our master plan for roads and infrastructure. But as far as the traffic, I mean, I don't want to, I don't want to cessation laws or be over dramatic about it. But I travel these roads daily. I put a fire truck that's still with these roads on them seven days a week. Traffic is going to be a problem for the end of time. The world will continue to evolve as far as the downtown area. I mean, it would be no different than what we did, I believe, with a drainage where we had annexation through appropriation. I mean, we could make it a traffic crisis. And then we would just start annexing people's property to make roads. But I don't feel like that's right. No, it's not. Right. So I just, I guess you said traffic. I mean, I guess I don't, I don't see like the LA freeway coming through youngs as well. I do see how it's a, it is. There's car line goes through all of the intersection of town. I know. I'll wait 40 minutes to get out of Sugar Ridge every morning because the traffic backs from the roundabout all the way to Vermillion Parish. Yes. I'm all aware. Yes. And the traffic and then the cars over there, they, they just park on the road. I have families waving me down because I can't get to the child who can't breathe because the cars are blocking the road. There are things that are just beyond our control. I can only do so much. Our police department can only do so much with what we have available. So I guess. But why invite more traffic? We're not, I'm not, look, I don't have a, I don't have a, I don't have a poster of the road going, come build here. No, I know. I understand that. We're not, we're not doing that. But as far as the developers, it gets to a point where a constant arrive where I'm saying, you can and can't do with your money. What if next month you're like, I'm going to build there? Then I have to dictate to you. It's like it gets to a point where we are, we're governed within ourselves, within, you know, civic and constitutional rights.