Where can we, what are our boundaries? I don't, none of us want to over manage anything. Miss Penny, I do, I do think that relative to the development at the end of your street, they're at the tail end of it. So I think, I think it's going to get a little bit better there now because there's a lot of been a lot of contractors. So I think it's, I'm not against progress. I just want everybody to understand that. And I'm also not against affordable housing. Okay, I think we, you know, we've got a lot of development all over Youngsville. I just, I, we have a lot of property in Youngsville and it's like, I think that they could put all of these condos a little further back. And maybe there's another solution for downtown because we have too much congestion as it is. You know, that's, that's how I feel. Let's see if there was something else. Miss Penny. And I know they were talking about walking to work. They were talking about walking around. I told my family that the day I don't, I work close by to my house. And I said, you know what, I think I might walk to work. They're like, don't you dare. We're not going to bury you because traffic is that bad. I would have to cross two roundabouts to get where I got to go. Okay. So walking, you know, we used to be able to do that when we were younger. We can't do that anymore. It's, it's, we can't. And the developer also asked, what do you want to see happen? I'd like to be able to back out of my driveway or pull into my driveway without getting horned at somebody and an SUV thinking that they have to be wherever it is in two seconds. That's what I want. Sorry. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. One thing I just wanted to share with you that may be beneficial for you. Regardless of how young so highway widens, you're correct. It does taper down. Yes. I've been a very, very careful coach curves through one project that I do believe will have benefit for you is that South of the Riviera is going to be widened, raise wide and completely rebuilt from highway 92 from the flashing red light to Shimon Metry. So I envision more people coming down, young so highway, then going down 92 and then taking La Riviera, if you're going to Shimon Metry or South of Shimon Metry as an opportunity to bypass. You know, the. Yes. The heart of the city. The Riviera. I mean, you've all been here a long time. I mean, the Riviera, you know there's areas that go underwater historically. Yes. Well, all that's going to be fixed and we will have a pretty solid north south artery as an opportunity to dilute some of the traffic because I understand what you're saying.