to make sure to point that out. Everything else is our typical language. All right, please, ma'am. Thanks, ma'am. Are there any questions from the members of the council? Is there anybody here representing the development or Jimmy's handling? Okay. Jimmy's the rickshaw's the professional engineer. If you have anything, Jimmy, if not, okay, sure. Please come on up. With regards to the access that Pam mentioned, one full drive is proposed at the median crossing. The developer would like to place cross-access within the property to connect lots one through four. And on the north side, which is the right-hand side of what we're looking at, we would propose a right-in, right-out drive on top of that. It's an existing ramp for to access the drainage servitude there. So there's already a drainage structure in place. So we would propose a right-in, right-out at that location, and a drive connecting the lots internally. So there'll be no other access to shaman metery. Okay. One thing we would like to request, not a waiver to any detention requirements, but we would like each lot to construct their own detention within the site and connect to the outfall on the west side, which is the top of the plot. On the first thing you're asking for with the right-in, right-out. So you're talking about several feet from the current access to the detention. It's within the property, but there's an existing access there already. Yeah, the high school driveway. Or the driveway. I believe it's a maintenance channel for that maintenance ramp for that channel. It's aggregate. Currently aggregate. The gray area is a driver, right? Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why, why so close? That shaman metery is, I mean, if you go out there at 7.30 in the morning, it's brutal. Okay, sorry. Okay, so, Okay, so, I'm not going to be worried about too many cars. You already have an entrance right there that's right out. Does the ordinance have a driveway spacing that we could refer to to? We can in the pack. We don't have necessarily an ordinance. What we've been recommending is at least 75 feet between a driveway. Okay. Is there a way for, I guess there's no way for your development to use that current access. Or exit. Yeah, it's a large channel. Okay, it's a major outfall. Okay, so you'd have, okay, yeah. You'd have enclosed somewhere to commit to that. Yeah, I think the 75 feet would not be an issue. So how far down would that move that? I guess, because you said it's 25 feet right there? Is that about, well, the, about halfway through the lot house. The lot line is in the middle of the, the lot line is in the middle of the channel. I believe there's probably 20 feet from the center line to the top bank. So, so we're probably. 25 feet to the property line before we get to the drive