quite some time to digest what exactly had just happened after speaking with several residents and hearing the the concerns from the pros and the cons and everyone. I just wanted to be known that it's not as if your city council that you will let it hear today is up here with torches and pitch forks riding against the chief. We're still trying to work aimlessly together on putting our best foot forward with the city of Youngsville and striving for excellence every single day. I had a long discussion with the chief today. We still want to strive to have a working relationship together through this entire process. It's not like we're up here trying to have the animosity and I'm surely not going to be the one to fuel any kind of negative publicity with that being on social media, the media or anything else. We're not up here trying to portray anything that's not true and what's false. I want nothing more than to continue to have a great working relationship with the chief of police. But why we are here, why this investigation is taking place is because of the concerns that have brought to us and the motto that I ran on for this office at an election two elections ago was it was our city and your voice and I still stand by that today. This is our community but you're the voice that I'm just up here speaking for you and so I'm not up here to point full odds at Chief Boudreau to state that there are anything that anything that I'm saying is factual. They're all speculation and just basically ruined opinions at this point until they're proven to be factual. That's all they are, it's just rumors. So we're just up here trying to to make the best collective decision to find some validity of these opinions if they are true or not. But I just felt that that was owed to the public. I felt like there's a really nasty perception of us and the relationship that we have working up here is if it's, you know, some days it may look great, some days it may be bad and we all don't have to agree on what things 100% of the time but what we do start to do is I have a great working relationship in which we will continue to do in serving you. All right thank you councillor. So there's a there was only a motion on the floor for discussion is there any action that's desired by the council to move to the next agenda item. Still need a table. You still want to merit this time we'd like to make a motion to table item 8.1 resolution number 2023-09 to the May City Council meeting. Okay motion by council member Romero to table. Second second by council member Stan Sparry. Miss Gidry please call the vote to table. Mr Romero. Yes. Mr