second. Not just for everybody. Okay. I think that the mayor I thought the way he explained it was very clear. But right now there's very few restrictions on what can be developed in the area of downtown. Right. The council the mayor. We're trying to get the residents. A lot of you that I've known for a long time involved in this conversation to see what do we need to do to tweak the ordinance as is. Do we need to do any other restrictions? Are you okay with some things? We're trying to find out because the last thing we want to do is have 10, 15 lots with three story, two story town homes apartments. And you're here two years from now wondering why did you let that happen. So so getting so getting you all involved in this conversation is very important. Because I hear from many of y'all don't forget about old youngsville. Don't forget about old youngsville. We're here tonight because we're not forgetting about old youngsville. Mr. Gulaz here because he does own multiple properties down there. He has developed stuff because we wanted to quote unquote test that see how it looked down there. I think they've been a good job where they had, but we recently stopped the development because we were concerned. We were led to councilwoman Shampine and councilman Varas to get this tonight to happen. Right. So this is more about there's nothing on the agenda to vote on. There's no ordinance out there right now to vote on. It's to find out what can we do to work with y'all to move forward. Well a lot of us don't know what the ordinance exactly is except by what we're being told a little bit tonight. Yeah, and that's what we need to just review the ordinance of the city before being able to really give opinions. But as far as opinions right now and some people don't care to get a parent speak for whatever reason. Thank you, Mr. Montgomery. There's also by allowing the relevant right here. A couple of right people saying to speak great. Well, I'm glad because this lady's been here way longer. Hi, my name is Rose do y'all. And I have a question that might might not be quite as pertinent as you might expect. I'm not going to say it anyway because it's my concern. A lot of the public property that belongs to the city right away. I'm going to give you an example right next to Jackie Longland's house. There's a lot she lives the house beyond the corner of right across from the old police station. That corner on the on the end there on the corner of fourth and avenue B belongs to the city. That lot is hardly ever moved unless somebody really raises cane. I walk every morning. I see that on the corner of that lot there you can't even walk on the