proper and no great strides have been made over the past few years and we're going to be able to do that. And that leaves us with really the regional detention component where today seven ponds were opened. All the intake structures are in place. The irony that it's in the middle of a drought today I think was the 10th day of over a hundred degree weather where no rainfall but regardless. As soon as it does begin to rain you never know in these high intense rain events come up. So we're going to be able to do that. We are in the best position that we have been before. The purpose of talking with you tonight is really just to provide an update to the community on now as we turn the page on drainage drainage is something that we're not stopping. But we feel like we have done a considerable amount of heavy lifting. And now we as a team have really made a lot of discussions about how can we best incorporate recreational elements into these into these spaces. And not just the seven H&G ponds that we talked about today but there were public private partnerships. There was properties that we purchased with cash. There was properties that were donated to us. So we just kind of wanted to go through those. And please ask any questions you want. I want public feedback on any of these items because what we're talking about now. And I'm happy to meet with anybody later about how they actually work from a drainage standpoint. But really now what we're doing is forward looking in how can we layer in recreational components into those spaces. The first one is the Fortune Hills Regional Detention site. That property is one of five H&G ponds that's along the Bayou Park Purdue drain for our city and drain 65% of our community. Today where we met at the Fortune Hills Regional Detention site. I have a picture of here for those of you that weren't here at our event. So what we're looking at here in the back is about 18.19 acres. This is the excavated area in this street area back here. But you can see the intake structure, the outfall structure. There's a lot of storage capability here on upper bayou park Purdue. 100% paid for by the feds. We were out there today. Great day. What I want to share with you today though is really what happens and where do we go from here at this point. I've had quite a few conversations with residents in Fortune Hills neighborhood. Hopefully there may be somebody here today from Fortune. Okay, perfect. Oh, great. I'm happy to see that. The main event was getting through the main event. And the main event was related to the drainage component here. As you guys know, our Parks and Recreation Director Tim is on vacation this week. I regret he couldn't be