but 23 hours of generation of cash and nothing that's needs that. Still very healthy. If I see that garbage part, I'm going to get a hole, which I think we're going to take care of that this evening. Any questions or comments on utility fund, anything I talked about? I think there's, I mean, there's one comment. I was just going to just don't a little bit of math. I mean, for water as an example, just for the public benefit. Water customers, I mean, from the same time June 30th of 2023, compared to the previous 12 months, I mean, we're servicing 256 more water customers, 284 more sewer customers. And if I look at water, I'm going to dive into a little, I'm sorry, garbage, I'm going to dive into a little bit more, like, I guess, behind the scenes, because I don't have it here. I mean, you look at like the year of a year, I'm looking at page 73, by the way. When you look at like the year of a year, customer count, it's increased, by like, 669. So that might be, I'm not sure that might be factoring in, I know we do have like 400 and something extra can. So, anyway, so just to kind of put it in perspective, I mean, the size of the operation, when you look at the second page of the handout on the four year comparison, water alone from 2020 to 2023 is 798 customers, you know, just to tell me something you already know, just about the amount of, you know, more residents that were servicing and how we've really had to become more, you know, disciplined in our approach about how we're running our utility system. You know, they are servicing, you know, nearly 800 more customers, you know, for water alone. So I'm proud of the results that are there in the utility fund. And I'm not sure if the government is going to be able to do that. So I'm going to go through the, I'm going to go through everything here, similar, I'm going to take a similar approach, we look at utility fund kind of hit the high spots. And total revenue, as you can see, very little change. I mean, a million, three, twenty one in revenues last year, a million, three, thirteen, three, about eight thousand dollars change in the revenue. So not much really to speak of there, more really to talk about as far as in the expenditures. You know, you have them all listed out here. I'm going to hit the total and they kind of work my way back up. But total operating expenditures last year, four point five million in the current year, five point four million, you talk about an increase of roughly nine hundred thousand dollars. For frame of reference, it's not in this report here, but in two thousand twenty one, this same line item was three point four