our friends. That's who we are. We're a tight knit community that loves everyone. That's how it should be. But we are here tonight to do our job and make no mistake. We will do our job. No matter what. I feel we have heard y'all loud and clear. I am ready to make a vote unless anyone else has anything to say. Or did other comments? Yes, yes, sir. If I see my little upset, if I see my little angry, I will say this. Just like this rail. I have received the same threats. So much of the fact that I'm raising three children on my own. And I had to send them to another location to spend the night because I did not feel that it was safe for them. Any of those that have called and made that threat. I still stay at my house. I say come. Please. Because anybody that stoops to that level and becomes a keyboard coward won't have the guts to come do it like they do. So yes, I'm very angry. And I've worked hard to build. Not only the department, but my life and my reputation. And I will not sit down and take it. I will fight to the bitter end. All right, thank you, Chief. There is before before we call for the vote, I just want to make one clarification on the existing resolution on the last line. There's a reference to the word independent. I'm sorry, internal. That's a type of based on the council's direction. This will be in when I want to clarify for you guys, this will be a independent investigation that I will assist in facilitating. I won't be participating in the internal investigation internal internal. I think is directing or is referencing internal of the police department internal of the police department, but independent. So it's not I'm not going to be the one conducting it. I will assist your request to help facilitate. All right, thank you. Council, any final questions? Mayor, we'd like to call the vote. All right, Mr. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stansberry. Yes. The Shelf High. Yes. Motion approved. All right, motion to adjourn. Motion to adjourn. All right, second. All in favor. Hi. Meeting adjourn. Thank you all. Thank you.