day. I make mistakes like every person above. Every one of us have made a mistake. If you feel I did wrong, I apologize. I did not go there with the intentions. And the video clearly shows I barely spoke to the officers. I barely said 15 words through the whole video. And when Kayla was acting out of character, I was the one that told her to stop. I stood up for her. Ma'am, I apologize to you. I did walk up to talk to you, and then I did not get the opportunity. I got sidetracked, but all intentions were to speak to you. And I knew you were trying to get back to Texas. I was gonna even offer you a ride because that was gonna give me a chance to go visit my family over there that I don't ever get to see, because I've tried to take days off here. And I don't get many. It was a simple mistake on her part in an accident. It was probably a bad judgment call on mine to respond, but I respond to anything and anytime somebody calls. And you say you learn from your mistakes. I truly don't feel that that's a mistake for doing that. Maybe it gave a bad impression, and I'll accept that. But I'm not gonna stop. That's what's got me elected is because I will respond, and I will be there in your time of need. If you choose not to believe that, ask some of the people around you that have had interactions with me. Thank you. I do have a question, Mr. Wade. Mr. Wade, there was brought up about the, um, the gallery of this motion and this action. Can you speak to that, please? Yeah, I can. The Lawson Act allows for two forms of chiefs elected and appointed. We have obviously an elected chief. The Council in the mayor cannot exercise any supervisor reauthority over the operations of the police department. That's clear in the Lawson Act. This is not in any way an action on the part of this council in my opinion that impedes in affairs or inhibits or directs the mayor in how to run or operate that police department. So it is my opinion that this council can, and I will double check that just in short, because Mr. Knox brings up a good point. We're about to spend a lot of money on this. That we are on all. Didn't Bruce or did this? Bruce or did he have that? That's an awful same thing. Not that long ago. Okay. So basically we're doing the same thing that Bruce or did. Okay, that's good. Thank you. Want this required? I do. I 100% am ready for them to come in and do their investigation. What chief, I mean, this was about what a lot of these residents had talked about. I mean, some are here, some are not here. We've gotten