mothers out here tonight, as well as in the city of Youngsoe, a happy Mother's Day. And the other thing I'd like to wish is congratulations to all of our graduates. Graduation is in a couple weeks. So I wish them all best of luck on their future endeavors and congratulations. Thank you, Miss Champagne. I forgot to mention Stewart, you've been very patient. I got so caught up on bar on $14 million. I forgot to. Nicole's not here. So Stewart with JB Moodtongue. Thank you all for having me, DAX asked for me to combine and just kind of share where we were with the sports complex. So today we had an early release package to contour the dirt for the amp with theater. And that's been completed. It has to sit for five months before we could work on it. So it was important that we got that going early. Separate from that, we're under contract now for the water sewer, storm drainage and earthwork for the remaining part. And we're mobilizing this week and we've started some of that work right now. So that you'll see a lot of that coming up over the next couple months. And simultaneously to all of that, DAX is wrapping up the drawings this month and will be final price and all that getting a competitive prices on subs and getting final price. And for that last package to y'all. And then we'll keep moving forward with construction. Perfect. Now we're excited so the construction fences up the trailers there. So it happens feeling like a job site. So yeah, any questions? Well, saw it. Yep. Well, thank you all. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thanks, sir. Appreciate it, Stewart. Mr. Stanzberry. I'm tempted, but I'm not going to still look in so. Oh, dude, if you wanted to. No. No, it was a great project that he's working on. He'll tell you about it in a minute. Really, really proud of the Rotary Club in Young'sville. We just recently gave out $3,000 for scholarships to three students, incredible students from Southside High. And coming up, we're going to be giving 7,000. We've already selected who's getting it, community grants. So super excited about it. It's because of some fundraising ideas and events that we're having that Logan will talk about. And also the pumpkin patch that's coming up in October. So be on the lookout. Thank you. Mr. Stanzberry, Mr. Ramirez. Yeah, I'll just say, government never moves fast. Government is very slow. I appreciate, I think we all appreciate everyone's patience while we wait through some difficult times. But I just wanted to thank the public for having faith in everybody that's elected, including the chief and, you know, having feedback good or bad. That's what we're here for. I thank the public for entrusted us in that and giving us the time. Thank you, Mr. Ramirez. Mr. Volgionne. I'll start off with the Velasco Crossing. I've