wanted to grow a family in that home. The only reason that I bought that home with that much square footage was simply because of the price point that it was being sold out to be built was just that low. So I jumped on the opportunity. But looking at it today, we decided to grow a family and sort of found me today. I would be moving into one of these just because of the price point. I wouldn't need that much square footage. And there's just nothing out there available. My same home today, even built by DSLD, is 2.5 times the cost. I paid, I think, $2.39 was the base price. And I think that home today is about $4.20, something around there. I mean, it's astronomical. So I think that what they're bringing is a much more feasible option for families to really get in there and then to really enhance the downtown area versus it being a vacant lot. They're creating a space where people who live today that are all here giving us the feedback, those people will be here in 50 years doing the same thing you're doing here today. It may look a little bit different, but we have to start somewhere. The LMA conference that we attend, we've spoken with several mayors, some other areas, there's one in particular, their population decreased. This exact thing happened then, and they were butled against it, and their population decreased, because no one was acceptable to change. They fought at hardcore, and then it just died. The community died, the population went down, and it became very rural. There was nothing enhancing the community, and it just is still fizzling away, at least in my knowledge. But we're here, we want to work with everyone. We want to create a happy medium. And I appreciate you coming and explaining your development. I'm hoping, hopefully, I'm excited that his hotel is fruition in the near future. I think that's going to be a very vibrant area. But as far as I think to relate to your answer a little bit about the commercial, the zoning map does outline it as clear as day, as it was back then. I don't see us putting a coffee shop smack dab in the center of Avenue B. But as far as the outskirts of the wood is designed today, I think that's, it fits exactly as it was designed before my time, as we see it today. So hope that kind of answers a little bit of. Mr. Comrade. In the town, the interest in low density developments like town homes isn't just in this particular neighborhood. I mean, your father's property would already be developed if we allowed what everyone that came before your buyer wanted to do. So it's throughout. I mean, it's not really just unique to this area. What's unique to this area is that I think what we heard Mr. Gidry say is