guys okay. It's as possible though. Thank you. Okay is there any other comment? All right Ms. Skidry please open the vote. Yes I apologize did you have a question sir? Thanks. You know $1,000 and you guys aren't going to pay for the gas? I'm not going to pay for any maintenance. You're not going to pay for anything. You'll be using that as going on our locations if we have accidents or or any type of emergency will you be driving that vehicle to it? Yes sir and you will not be using any fuel from the city. Do not take that deal. Absolutely don't take that deal that is hideous. First of all it's going to be income. 25% knock it down to 750 the average car note in America 780. How much insurance do you have to cover? How much does the city have to cover? What's the amount? You have to carry 100,000 and the city picks it up. How much did your insurance go up? Don't take the deal they're screwing you. Is there any other public comment? If there's no public comment Ms. Skidry please reopen the vote. I'm favor motion approved. All right thank you Nicole. 7.1 is resolution 202326. A resolution of the city of Yangsville authorizing signatures for bank authorization cards and other financial matters. All right Mr. Stansbury motion I assume. All right thank you sir and Ms. Shampa in second. Are there any comment or questions from the council? All right any public comment? All right Ms. Skidry please open the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right thank you so much. 7.2 is resolution 202327. A resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Yangsville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement and all necessary documentation between the Louisiana Department of Treasury. State of Louisiana and the city of Yangsville pertaining to an appropriation from act 397 of the 2023 regular regular legislative session for upgrades to the Yangsville sports complex. All right have a motion by Mr. Linu second by Ms. Shampa in any council discussion. Hello sir. All right thank you both of any public comment. All right this is just part of the cooperative endeavor agreement to move paperwork in order to we were fortunate to receive a million dollar direct appropriation to be applied towards the Yangsville sports complex improvements that the citizens of Yangsville are funding as part of the last legislative session and fortunately this does not have to go to the bond commission so once we get the cooperative endeavor in place we should have access to the funding. All right Ms. Gidry please open the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right thank you 7.3 resolution 202328. A resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of Yangsville to execute a cooperative endeavor agreement and all necessary documentation between the Louisiana Department of Treasury state of Louisiana and for the city of Yangsville pertaining to an appropriation from act