I have heard, if you comment something, the public, how some people are downsizing these days into smaller homes, just because of inflation. Some just don't want to be home anymore. Some is the elderly, some it's start our homes for, you know, young couples and whatnot. So that'll be nice to see. I don't think it's skeptical. So the right way. I think I'm just more, I mean, maybe I'm, it'll be interesting to see, I guess, the full design and the layout and stuff. I'm thinking about privacy, maybe on the sides. Sure. Not just for the residents, but for the residents here themselves, not the ones currently there. How is that going to play a factor into it? And then, you know, H away rules and regulations and whatnot that we currently have? But how would that play into this? Just small development versus a community of 400 homes? Sure. And look, we're very early in the design stages. Again, I want to see where we're at with this before, you know, I spent a ton of money on architects. But again, these, these folks are creative on how to create privacy. Like I mentioned earlier, it's the layering of different, you know, landscapes and sidewalks and picket fences and more than likely, it'll be a part of its privacy fence separating the other adjacent properties. So again, it's creating a smaller knit pocket community within. But it's not completely closing itself up from everything else. You know, we want it to be walkable and presentable to, you know, the park and walk in distance to the sports complex. I just see this being such a great buffer between what's there now in the new upgraded park. Definitely. Yeah, no, I agree. I, I think I was some of the thoughts of myself and most of our colleagues I thought about was what the envisioning of downtown, young people would be, you know, 10, 15, 20 years would be. We wanted to become a, obviously, you know, you don't want to have a hotel in the center of downtown. You want to keep that hometown feel where we're still incorporating that look and make sure that the buildings and the construction that we're approving are going to fit the niche of that area. So yeah, yeah, I think it'll definitely enhance my brochure. Yeah. But yeah, other than that, other than privacy fencing in that, I think that's, I mean, it looks really good. Thank you. Oh, I'm just looking at an aerial view. Yeah. I don't know. I'm all okay. I'm trying to get a view of what's the back part of that property. Have a recollection. Do you know how close? Yeah. Because it's all tree line and we can't see. There's a house on the 30s tree that is also. Okay. Very deep blocks. Yeah, that's what I thought. Yeah, it's a lot of trees and you, it's pretty far away from the other