that we're seeing since then. And that's just a snippet of what has been pulled by the mayor's office to us. OK. I don't want anybody else. I don't want anybody else. Anybody else? I think he's going to make a cut. No, no. I don't want anybody else to do that. I don't want anybody else to do that. Anybody else? Anybody else? Anybody else? I guess I summarized it good enough. Yeah. Yes, I did agree to that at that time. That was before I started getting appointed to numerous state task force that required me to be in Baton Rouge anywhere from three to five days a month. I also do extra patrols for the evening, for holidays, and even weekends. The there was a discussion with the administration and not long after the original agreement and it was done properly. The fuel receipts are turned in every month. They are approved. They go through a procedure of accounting and getting approved. And they have been approved each and every month and you, the council, have even voted on them each and every month. The auditors come in once a year. I think sometimes I see this might be twice or they do a mid-year one. And they, the auditors have found nothing wrong with what I was doing. The $1,000 a month covers some of the expenses, but not all. And after doing it and then getting talking with the administration, they understood. They said to start doing it and it was done. And it was, there was never a question raised before. There was never a comment made before until now. We started off with allegedly allegations that this all blew up over going to car crash and now we're going into this. So I'm assuming that I've never been told what any of the allegations are. I've never been informed of any of that. And now this is coming up. After we had all agreed that there was no action is going to be taken until the judge rendered a decision on the same bottle. That's incorrect, chief. There was no agreement made other than Monday morning with your council on how we would proceed and your council agreed with the procedure. So that's a misrepresentation. I'm not sure if Mr. McGee told you something differently, but we sat with Judge Erls. We infatically put down a scheduling order and we agreed that we would pick our investigator tonight. And we would withhold commencing the investigation until such time as Judge Erls ruled on your suit. Okay. And if you need an allegation, you got one now. Okay. Chief, at that meeting in September of 2016, former City Attorney George Knox had clarified that whole statement about the $1,000. And verbatim in here it says that the chief can have the car allowance, but the chief cannot pay for any expenses on the vehicle. Do you recall, I mean, I've been here ever since.