that compliance of rules on the baseball diamond is adhered to. Just like in the game of baseball, sir, there are rules in this forum. You and everybody else sitting here has to abide by those rules. Now, unless you have a question about the October 12, 2023 meeting, sir, please be seated. Are you chairing this? Nope. Okay. Mayor, I'd like to call the vote. You don't want to answer it. All right, Ms. Giddjert, please call the vote. You should answer. All in favor, motion approved. All right, thank you, council. A gin item 4.1, approval of September, 2020, 23 finance report. All right, motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second by Mr. Romero. Mr. Volgiano, Mr. Romero, any comments or questions? We need council comment. Or any public comment. I'm going to ask you to vote. I'm going to ask you to vote. Mr. Tritiklop. We'd like to talk about the Motigrow permits. Sir. How is that being provided? I know in one of the meeting, one of the statements that you made is that you're trying to cut back on the permits for next year per se because of the new ice skating ring. I know you mentioned something like that. Is this $81,000 in the general fund? Is that basically S expectations of what's going to be coming in? I believe that's a, I guess that's a budget item that we are preparing. Yes, yeah, to put on the Mortigrow parade takes considerable. Yes, I saw a lot of those numbers. Yeah. And relative to Mortigrow, I mean, that is some we're going to start. We have had several meetings about it. We're brainstorming what that looks like, which is really consistent with what we do every, every year at this point. The Mortigrow parade February 10th, I believe. So we're on track. So we're brainstorming. I welcome any advice, I'm opinion about it from anybody. I'm sure the budget going back to you, Mr. Lou Vier. For citations and such. How successful have we been doing on citations? Are you helping individuals inside the community? Are you fixing any tickets or helping people? No, no one. No, sir. Okay. All right. As I understand you're running for re-election. Are you want to run for the police chief? So just to surveil that issue is not in the financial report or a budgetary item. So if your question does not concern a budgetary item or the financial report, please move on, sir. With the on the budgetary side of it, do you plan on doing anything to help the civilians and possibly bring down the total number of citations that's being done in the city? That hasn't been looked at at this point with our main focus is safety. Can I ask what bearing that has to do with the budget from last month that we're going to approve? Well, it has everything to do with it because I'm trying to get a chief. Don't I have