there. And then also it's removing it out of the flood wave. But currently it's in the FEMA flood wave. So while we're working on it, it's going to be elevated as well. That one's out to bid. I think we're opening it in the next couple of weeks. And then three and four, three is a pump, I'm sorry, similar new pumps that are being added. We've already upgraded that force main line. That's the one that goes down church street to the pump station, yeah, to the pump station on both the sewer treatment plan down near public works. And then pump station 14, that one is inside of Sugar Mopond. As Sugar Mopond continues to develop, we're going to have to upgrade some things there. Not really just for the benefit of Sugar Mopond, Metery Center and that side of the community has been, we've been using the capacity at that pump station 14 as we've developed in that area along Sugar Mopond. OK, on the next page, you have items 23 through 27. Again, 23 is again a sewer lift pump station upgrades, 514,000. So total for the utility operations, you're talking 13 million, $22,000 estimated that we're going to be able to complete in the next fiscal year. And as the mayor pointed out, this is not the total of some of these projects. It's only the portion that's anticipated to be completed in these items 24, 25, 26 and 27 all pertained to the Young'sville Sports Complex. And of course, the biggest two items on here is the Sports Complex expansion, a million and a half. And that's coming from the 1 cent Recreation Sales Tax Bond Issue Fund. And then the Lake Excavation and Linear Park, again another $500,000. This is going to come from the 2012 1 cent Recreation Sales Tax as well. So total for this complex, we're talking 2,085,000. And the grand total of all capital projects, which Brad pointed out when he first started and we talked about it in the budget message, is $36,252,293. So it's a huge undertaking, but again, and this is not the total cost of some of these. It's only the portion that's going to be completed or estimated to be completed and funded in this current fiscal year. And I'd like to say that of that $36,055% of that is coming from state and or federal monies. So over half is coming from grants, not loans. And then from borrowings, as can indicated and Catherine indicated, you've got another 35% of that $36 million that's coming from loans that we made at $9 million and total loans are using loan proceeds this current year, which is the DEQ, LDH, and so on. And then only the remaining portion of 10% is coming from the city funds. So 90% of this is from bonded monies, some of many of which that we've already bonded or will be bonding at a very low interest rate