of length of life duration here to that way we can do the permanent solution there. When it puts us more in the driver's seat, we can get the funding secured long term. We can build a more permanent solution today. Primary complaint, as you'll know about that intersection, is really the deterioration of it. Usually after wet weather, we can see the limestone pumping out of it. And it's really just at a point where the repairs of it are beyond what we can do in house. And of course with your, you know, assuming your approval this evening, we'd really like to look at timeliness. Is it still? The contractor told me last night what they're anticipating is that the east-west traffic would always be open. They would need to close north and south. And if they could start on it Monday and have weather like we've had, they'd be done in 30 days. 30 days, north-south closed. With north-south closed, they'd be done in 30 days if we have weather like what we've had. We won't. Just because I said that. Just because I said that. But if not, it would be probably six weeks. Yeah. So, okay, so just, I mean, just for full clarity, we'll miss you on my knowledge. Well, you and Pam both answered a couple of my questions. One was time frame, traffic lanes closed and opened. So we don't affect those businesses as well as our school traffic, right? And then the dollars, you address the dollars. It can we take this from the 2024 roadway fund project? We just... Project fund? No. The 2024 road fund was using the remaining ARPA dollars, which was approximately 900,000. In this job series for 2024 was bid, basically right at that limit. So we would have to use 1968 sales tax or our bond issue, which we, our sales tax bond issue that we did intended to be the match for roadway projects over the next three plus years. So just not from the 2024 roadway project, we were using ARPA dollars and we're just, we're out of those. Okay. Well, I'd like to make the motion to approve amending this motion to take it from the roadway project that you just described. Okay. Thank you, Ms. Champagne. Ms. Paras. Second. Second. Okay, so just to... There's never a good time to do road construction. So I mean, the... We targeted next week. When we, of course, when we started this conversation, we were really just trying to do more professional patching. I guess if you will, full depth patching of that intersection on the travel lanes and we targeted doing it next week while school was out for Thanksgiving break, or I'm sorry, fall break. But that's what really started the further conversation about just if we're just doing the travel lane Pam's riding for those in the audience, you can see the extent of the project would really make it a