an empty lot in downtown young'sville does not help the neighborhood you know so there's there's both ways you what you want to avoid is what you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is things that do you want to avoid is buildings that things that do you want to avoid es buildings that don't fit It is buildings that that aren't compatible with the buildings that are there now and I give you two extremes you know you can go with that were used on the rendering or the, or materials are probably in Young'sville, downtown Young'sville now, citing the forms, the slow proofs. Well, I'm talking about low-in housing, but at the other extreme, picture, big mansions like you might imagine seeing in Greengrass subdivision in Lafayette. That doesn't fit there either, okay? So there's the rules need to be established, and we call it an architectural code, and it would be something that would come from the community, with input from the community. But one thing I always like to say about downtowns is downtowns are where people have paid taxes for the longest amount of time. They're the original taxpayers in Young'sville. They deserve the same quality of life as Shogameo Pond, or any of the other nice due developments that are happening. The difference is with a Shogameo Pond, you have one or two people making those decisions at a very high level, whereas when you deal with a neighborhood like an established neighborhood, like downtown Young'sville, you've got multiple property owners, and is sometimes difficult to find consensus within all of them, because what I might like, he may not like, but what he likes may be better than what I like. So you have to find a way to find consensus a committee like the historical committee would be a good group to start with. But when Ken and I, when Mayor Ritter and I spoke about the performance of the land use ordinance 10, 12 years ago, as he mentioned earlier, we recognize that land use ordinance is sometimes, they tell people what you can't do with your property, and therefore they're not popular. So what I call it