So I mean, there was, you know, I remember there was heated discussions about before my time about where should city hall be located. Remember it was supposed to be in Sugarmore pond at one point on donated property. I went through meetings where the church was going to be moved, you know, and time brought clarity on those decisions because we're here, you know, with because we want to be. The flags look that the flags we put up, you know, on our veterans, we do it to honor, you know, whatever the case may be. I hope we can do more. You know, when we rolled them out, I think we bought six, you know, and in Terry's team does a phenomenal job of that. So, anyway, certainly no disrespect. We changed some things with the parade because we want to be able to continue it and we want to be able to continue it in a safe manner. That was really, that was the only mode of, you know, behind it. You know, the concern about the business owners. I did talk to quite a few business owners after last year, this year. Now, granted, I didn't talk to every one of them, you know, I acknowledge that. When we did change the route, I talked to the ones that I felt would be. If you didn't hear from me before, when we were considering the route change, you heard from me immediately after. And those that were on the route, I tried my best to offer alternatives, offering them locations along the route on city property to try to make up for their lost income and so forth. So, but the feedback is certainly well intended. It doesn't have to stop today. I mean, this is, this is, this is what we do. We do work for the public and I want to continue hearing your feedback. So, but just in summary, I want to commend again, the, the, our professional law enforcement team that were, that was put in place. Thank you, Chief. Thank you. And to your entire command staff, it's all of you, Terry, Linda is captain of the fire department in your team. The, I got a lot of feedback, obviously, with the parade route change. But I will tell you the last two or three years for about the two weeks after the parade were miserable. And there's just nothing but a lot of complaints and a lot of things that people didn't like about the parade. But this year, I think, despite the adversity in the beginning, I think it is a fair statement to say that for this being a, you know, there's not a crew that runs this parade. I want to point out, which makes me so excited that we have another new, another new, more, already grow a crew. Because ultimately, I mean, I would love to get back to the days where the crews were