is Thursday, March 9, 2023. I'd like to call this meeting to order. Today is the regular schedule meeting of the City Council and Mayor. This evening, I'll ask for councilman Stansbury to lead us in our Pledge of Allegiance. And then if you remain standing, the invocation will be led by Pastor Mary Rochelle from Asbury United Methodist Church. I pledge allegiance to the United States of America. And to the Republic, what we're just saying, when we nation under our indivisible liberty and justice for all. We give you thanks, creating God, for the blessing of this good town, for these servants and for our good neighbors. Bless us this evening, that our work may be good, that our decisions may be fair and wise, and that we may serve all that we meet as you came to serve this world. We pray all this in the name of your Son, Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Pastor. All right, good evening and welcome again. Have a few quick announcements and people to address the council this evening. Sure, everyone knows we had a Marty Robb for eight a couple of weeks ago. And tonight we have some special guests. We have judges every year for our Marty Robb parade. And tonight it's our pleasure to recognize the best original float, the prettiest float, and also the most spirited float. Before I get into those awards, I just wanna share with everyone that we, I believe had a very successful Marty Robb parade this year. Continuous improvements, always the name of our game in Young'sville. Thanks to a lot of feedback from our participants and also those that were our guest. We still see some opportunity we want to tweak to ensure that we can continue providing the safe and fund experience for everyone. So we've heard a lot of your feedback. We're gonna continue to listen. And internally we're meeting monthly between now and the next Marty Robb parade to make the necessary adjustments where we need to. But overall we were very pleased with the way it worked out. But I just want to put that out there that we know that success is never final. And we know we still have some opportunity. We look forward to doing it. At our next recap meeting for Marty Robb, or not recap meeting planning meeting. I guess we're no longer recapping. We're inviting a few of our drivers, float captains to come as our guest so that way we can hear from them about their experience and also learn how we can make improvements from their vantage point. We did get probably close to 50 surveys when we solicited feedback from members of the community. And we've read all of those and believe that we have our best foot forward with a plan on how to move forward in the future. But we thank everybody for coming. I think overall largely the takeaway was for the city to have