or that be more open? I don't know. I, well, this is just my, I think it's my preference. I mean, my preference. I don't see why. I don't feel like I needed that you already have a, you know, I mean, a 12 foot. Well, I don't know that there is. I mean, thinking about when this is the foster park road right before you approach fourth street. It's the property on the right. I pictured being like tree, you know, like pine trees. I don't know because after the fence and the gate at third street, I don't know, I don't know that we put a fence. That fence, but I don't know what time it goes. It's been pretty much just like cluttered tree and everything and whatnot. I think our fence is largely between like first and it's at the back of its property on really from the park side. It goes down. I mean, I always think you'd want fencing at lease up to the here. That first house on the unit 8. That's the back of this property. If you're, if you're looking at the area, yeah, my property. I'm not parking lot. Yes, I was seeing views one. Most people in there want their backyards in stand, right? Yeah. I mean, if it was like a picket fence, I think they would look good. That open concept would sure be nice to kind of to view the park. It's a nice good space. Okay, so we didn't go there. We stopped there. Yeah. I mean, if he goes to right here, there's something on the fence. I think it's a good place to go. Mojale like to do. I'm going to take it one at a time. Well, I think if you, I mean, I'll never need to. Yeah. I remember that. It was bad. The head too. All right. What's your timeline? No matter. I know you. I mean, it just rates are high. So I'm ready to go. You're a lock-in. It costs a lot more to hold things. Yeah. Yeah. In 8% interest rate. Yeah. All right. All right. I'll make a motion. Motion to approve variances as listed for Matt Goulos section 110-4. Variants 1 for density allowed 8 units if, if keeping is one parcel. Nicole Clark may be needing questions. Setback setbacks would be allowed as listed on preliminary flat that was provided, which would be 10 foot on the foster park side, five foot rear and five foot on the right left side of the property along units 1, 2, and 3. And the front setback. Variants for garage parking not needed. And allowing the four unique plans. You need the drainage listed in there. It's going to look like we need to listen. No, because that will have to, I mean, we, I mean, he chads taking some high-level preliminary view and things he can, things he can get if that would still have to