First five years on Amlitz, one year offshore, and the next year on Amid. I fell in love with the offshore world and got a job at Superior Energy, worked in all field for the last 23 years with the same company Superior Energy Services, which I'm very proud of. Last six years, I served as a sales manager in Louisiana. And what we do is we rent drilling tools to all in gas companies. I've been a part of, I bear a parish for a very long time, but I've lived, I live here now in Young'sville for the last nine years. I love the community, love everything about it. Great police force, Ricky. Everybody's done a fantastic job. Mayor, you guys have stepped up and really done a good job. So I just want to thank you. I love the community I live in, and I just really want to get back. My three big thing, guys, my big three things that I have to hit on. Number one is education. I think so much we strap out our teachers and we don't allow them to teach. I want to go to Baton Rouge and fight for our teachers. I think, number one, they need just freedom. They need to be able to teach our kids. Whoever thought of spelling our kids in Young's, in Young Third and Fourth graders are not even being taught spelling. How can you read if you can't spell? Just simple things like that we need to move forward. The next thing when I knock on door to doors, both in Iberia, familiar and even here in Young'sville as insurance rates. Insurance rates are crazy. We have to do something. The state has done something and put $40 million aside for other companies to come here, but it's going to take while. It's going to take 18 months to 24 months. We have to continue pounding on these issues and pounding on these insurance companies. They can't keep, can't keep coming into the state and leaving. They either have to come in and stand or they need to get out. We have to have stricter building codes. It just really support our insurance companies and make sure that they are here. When we have a claim, they pay the claim. We've got people down in home without a steel battling insurance claims from two years ago. I got friends that are still living in FEMA trailers. It's a shame. It shouldn't be that way. Third but not least our law protection. We have to continue to fight for our policemen. As I said, I was a paramedic many years ago. I'll fight for police departments and I'll fight for the EMS workers and the first responders. They're what we need to continue to keep forward. Last but not least guys, like I said, I'm Sandy Derries. I'm the guy next door. I'm not the rich business owner. I'm the guy that's next door