District 9. So welcome back, sir. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Council members. I'm Linton Brusard running for School Board member for District 9, a little bit of a background about me. I'm up in a small town, small town, not like Young'sville because most people haven't heard of it and the people that do. I'm surprised is Lahtel Louisiana graduated from Lahtel Elementary in eighth grade because we only had K through eight with the Northwest High School graduated there in 2000. I have three brothers and sisters, two of my sisters are both educators, one's an assistant principal and evangelist and the other works as an educator at the high school that we went to. My dad has been a school bus driver for I don't know how long. And he takes pride in that. That's one of the people that I got my sense of pride from my dad's always worked hard. We've never had much, but what we had was enough. My mom did as well, neither of them graduated from high school, but they knew it was important for us to be able to have a great education. And so for me, that's where it started for me. I didn't want to have to struggle like my parents. I was going to UL graduated in 2004 with a double major in accounting and finance worked in banking, worked for local banks, I bury a bank, I worked as a retailer, I worked as a relationship banker opening accounts. I also worked in their mortgage department doing closings and underwriting. I've also worked for another local bank, tri-perish bank, which is no longer tri-perish bank, but I was an underwriter and processor closer there. The last bank I worked for was home bank where I did underwriting and processing and closing and also did some software development stuff. And so for me, there's a lot of information that I am able to provide on the side of homes and what that looks like and the projections that helps to make our education system what it needs to be. I know what our tax dollars should look like and where those should go and how to use those wisely. I'm also a care pastor. That is what I do now. So I also lend support to people in different areas of life. So I know the needs of our community in a different way than many other people do as well. But the most important thing for me is that what's got me to wanting to run for school board is my position as a substitute teacher. Back in January 2021, I applied and became a substitute teacher while I was in school for a master's degree online and have been subbing on Fridays two or three times a month, mostly in Young'sville, let Ernest Gallette, but some in Milton and some at Young'sville Middle and Marshall B.O. I get to look in the eyes of students