you I'm sorry. All right. Welcome everyone and good evening again Thursday June 27th. The time is 5 p.m. This is a public hearing to review the new budget which begins July 1st, 2024. Two items on the agenda. The first one 2.1 budget amendment ordinance number 4, 90, 24 in ordinance, the annual operating budget. Revenues and expenditures for the city of young zoo Louisiana for the fiscal year 2324. The agenda on 2.2 is budget ordinance 491, 2024, which will be for the new fiscal year budget. So at this time I'd like to turn the floor over and introduce our CPAs that we've worked with to prepare the financial reports and that's Brad, colder and Burton, colder. Good evening guys. Good evening mayor, council public. I'm a lead off tonight and as Ken just elaborated we're going over the amended budget for fiscal year 24 and the proposed for fiscal year 25. What I want to do is start with the budget message which is on page 2 of the budget document. And I'm not going to read the entire thing. I kind of just want to hit some high spots on it. Toward the middle of the page you see all funds and there is the spot where that last or the first paragraph last sentence a 3% cost of living at a total cost of 182,000 and that's for salaries for all full time employees with the exception of police officers within the probation period. So just to make sure everybody's clear on that. Next paragraph is sales tax revenues for 2425 fiscal year will remain flat compared to four year 24 estimates. The 2024 four year sales tax revenues are projected to come in slightly below 1% over prior year. So revenues are essentially flat from a sales tax perspective with these two sentences are same. The next section is general or special revenue funds. Just want to point out here the property advalorant tax is budgeted for a 9.3% increase for fiscal year 2025. We'll see that when we take a look at the utility fund in a couple of minutes. Next paragraph just talks a little bit about the police budget. Then the one below that talks about the fire department budget don't have a ton to say there. There is a 3% cost of living for the fire department. And then in capital outlay the main thing I want to point out and my dad is going to go with capital outlay in detail whenever I'm completed with my sections. But the total for the fiscal year 25 is $36 million. And like I said my dad will go over those details in a few minutes when he steps up. Page two continues with capital page three at the top is capital. What I want to conclude with on the budget message is toward the middle of page three, which is utility fund. Revenues for the 25 fiscal budget include growth