at tomorrow. That's Glenn Lajey working on that. They're going to start the concrete seat walls and the amphitheatre and towards the end of November. So we're going to try to have all those concrete seat walls in by Christmas. The big thing that everybody's been working together is the stage. And what I'll tell you about the stage is that we've been continuously working with a professional stage. We've been working with a designer to think long term for both small, mid and maybe an occasional large concert or performer. And so we want to make sure that at stage is able to handle the various type of components, audio speaker systems. We want to think in those words. So we made us a little slight modification to the structure at the top. This is going to handle some future light fixtures. If ever we bring somebody big into town and the mayor committed that he's bringing in that international superstar. So no, no, it's not okay. I'm just joking. But anyway, other than that, things are going well. We've been blessed with good weather because we're playing around with so much dirt. So but yeah, things are moving along. I think you're going to start seeing action now. What's going on a lot behind the scenes is also the approval of so many products, the pickleball courts, the colors. The wood color seal roof systems. We're going with all that's been approved and all that. So a lot of those things are in have been ordered. And so when it's going to get there, you're going to see a there still on track to finish around April. Maybe April may. Yeah, learn how to just kind of give some great. Oh, did he? Well, no, JB Moot always they continuously update their schedule. Yeah, but it did April may we will be we'll be close. We'll update you all for any other questions. Thanks, thanks. All right. Thank you. Tim was unable to make it tonight is under the weather. I'll share some of the highlights of his report and I could be happy to send it to you by email as well. The youngs will sports complex indoor girls volleyball all start teams have been selected their first tournaments on November 19th. The Delt softball playoff games are finished as of tonight. Sugar Beach adult volleyball league ends next Tuesday. Like football fall playoffs tomorrow in Monday with the new format for soccer south side. Had a 30% increase in players to bring their total to 2500 players. It looked like it too. If you looked at their days soccer fall season is ended when I have arca middle school arca high school and south set high school boys and girls home soccer games. Bitty basketball girls teams were drafted last night and the boys will be drafted on Saturday with practice starting on Monday. Games will begin on December 2nd with a thousand participants. Our last