Barraz. Yes. Ms. Cree. Yes. Ms. Shampine. Yes. Motion approved. Okay. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. A Gen Adam 8.1 is ordinance 4952024. In ordinance of the city of Youngsoil, Louisiana, authorizing the city of Youngsoil to sell certain and movable surplus property located at 301 Fourth Street, Youngsoil, Louisiana, which is not needed for public purposes. Motion by Council, Ms. Shampine, second by Council, Ms. Barraz. Is there any council comment or discussion in public comment? Okay. Hearing none, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Ms. Barraz. Yes. Ms. Cree. Yes. Ms. Shampine. Yes. Motion approved. All right. Thank you, Ms. Gidry. Ms. Shampine. All right. Let's see. Pam, would you like to continue with your? Sure. Yes. Okay. Highway 89, phase one is approximately 21% complete. Fortune road roundabout. That is 33% complete. They are working on the base for that one. And of course, on 89, it's all drainage that they're working on on the east side of the road. Louisiana 92, LA 92 in Prescott. That's 60% design complete. Shame Agriab. We just received the Geotechnical Investigation a couple of days ago. So we're working to finalize the typical section so we can have costed quantities and plans to put out to bid after these other projects. What project is I'm sorry? Shame Agriab. Yes. Perfect. Thank you. 2024 roadway improvements. Of course, Valesco Cross-Sync opened yesterday. And after we get on the roundabout, well, go to NISPK. If they have a second crew, they may be at NISPK at the same time. Okay. And if they do, we'll make sure to let you guys know. They are two different types of crews at the beginning. They're going to be doing salsa mitt where that would need a paving crew. Okay. For Larivia Road, as the mayor said, advertising for bids in December last week, they concluded their advertising for an inspection company. So they are moving right ahead because they're looking to hire their construction administration and inspection company already. That is moving forward. And Anselam Cooley, we are waiting for our final report back from our environmental consultant so that we can complete our environmental assessments, submit it, and then submit for core permitting. We are, we submitted 90% plan. So we really just, as soon as we get that, barring any environmental, we'll be able to move forward with final plans. And then once our environmental is accepted, they'll allow us to do a property acquisition. All right. Any questions or comments or concerns for Pam on her report? All right. As Susan wasn't able to make it tonight, but I'll share some of what I know with hers. The wastewater treatment plant, we did postpone the bid opening of that to a two week. So basically, yeah. So basically from October 30th to somewhere in mid November, Susan requested that based on some feedback from some contractors, we're trying to get, the most contractors interested in that job, that that job is going