tonight as well. And council, if, unless there's any objection, I would ask your permission. I would like to take agenda item 4.1, the recognition and proclamation before the special business. There's no, all right, there's no objection. Okay, so 4.1, which is proclamation recognizing May as water safety month in the city of Youngsville and recognizing the work of Maisie's mission. A couple of weeks a month ago, I had the privilege of meeting a young family, the Bruce Arts, my office with our mayor, Pro Tem, and also our sports parks and directors, Tim Robachow and got to learn a little bit about the Bruce Art family. It's also, we're also, a couple weeks away from water safety month, water pools are opening across our community. We're going to be opening our splash pads soon and doing a few other things there. So we were really inspired when we met the Bruce Art family. They have a very moving story of personal, personal heartache and within their family related to water. So on behalf of the city council and myself, I'd like to issue a proclamation and help raise awareness for water safety and then tell you a little bit about an initiative that we're starting across public bodies of water across the different as we're expanding, our parks and rack as we're expanding, our different detention ponds and things like that. So I'll read the proclamation for you. It's recognizing May as water safety month in the city of Youngsville and recognizing the work of Maisie's mission. Whereas the citizens of Youngsville recognize that swimming and water activities are related to good physical and mental health. And enhance the quality of life for all people. And whereas the citizens of Youngsville understand that education and water safety plays a role in preventing drownings and recreational water related injuries. And whereas many contributions have been made by the recreational water industry in developing safe swimming facilities, programs, home pools and spas and related activities providing healthy places to recreate, learn, grow, build self-esteem, confidence and a sense of self-worth. And whereas the city of Youngsville understands the importance of communicating water safety rules and programs to families and individuals of all ages, whether owners of private pools or users of public swimming facilities. And whereas the citizens of Youngsville recognize ongoing efforts and commitments to educate the public on pool and spa safety issues and initiatives from organizations like Maisie's mission. Whereas Maisie's mission was established in 2020 after Maisie Lee Broussard, daughter of Heather and Adam Broussard, who tragically drowned in their residential pool. And whereas Maisie's parents have made it their mission to bring awareness, educate and promote water safety so that no family has to experience the loss of a child due to a drowning. Whereas Maisie's mission shares drowning prevention tips such as constant supervision, being a water watcher, fences around pools, removing temptations from kids, adding alarms and locks to your pool, learning