to you members of the council by next regular meeting. Several of the law firms who specialize in doing this work, I will find out their availability, the rate sheets for the charges associated with it and then present it to you for you to make a decision on which firm we should use. Thank you, sir. All right. We want to hear your public comment. There are speakers sheets that are available. Several of you have already filled these sheets out. If anyone chooses during this meeting to address the council, it's not filled out of speaker sheet. They're available with misguidry seated to my right. There is a three-minute time limit for public comment. We also ask that those public comments are directed to members of the city council and myself. You'll come to the front podium and right here in front of me. The first speaker is Ms. Heather Smith. Good afternoon. My name is Heather. I do not normally, I'm going to be upset because it's very emotional. I don't normally do this kind of thing. However, I felt very pulled to come and speak on behalf of Kayla today. I met Kayla about two and a half years ago when I joined Krula Vadoo and she was a founder of it and I found that through a mutual friend. I was on the Kru for over a year and in that time I got to know Kayla as a person. Not in the spotlight, not as a councilwoman, not on the news, but I got to know her as an actual human being in a person. During my time with the crew, we did so many things to contribute to the community, trash clean up days, community give back events. We raised a lot of money for causes and people locally and young people that were in need. This is the foundation that Kayla built her crew on that she created. That's the person that she was, someone that had a heart for helping others. I do not currently have a social media. I'm grateful that I don't. I believe it's toxic, destructive and negative. It's something people allow to use to create drama and attention in negative ways. I've been hearing unfortunately some of the things and negative hateful comments said about Kayla and Ricky and I think it's disgusting. To those people who know Kayla as a person, know that they're in Ricky, that they're human beings, they're flawed as we are. The way that they have handled the situation shows me class, respect, accountability and grace. Most I believe would really care less, continue on with their life, but they have chosen to, Kayla has chosen to give up something that she's worked very hard or she's been very deserving of. I believe in life we all make mistakes. We all do things we wish we could take back or have poor judgment on. There is not one person in this room