Some rungs were made. We all admit that we've all done wrong. Pell, y'all know me. I've done a lot of wrong. Yaks for forgiveness. You move on. I understand an investigation. I understand the council. I understand everything. You've got a lot of public people against you right now. The whole nine yards. Understand it. For those of y'all who are sitting here behind me saying that there was special favoritism or whatever the case may be. The fact that a matter is we've all had it. Here. Y'all can say what y'all want. I'm not saying everyone. We've all had some. Okay. But at the same time, I'm talking. You want to get up here and talk? You get up here and talk. Okay. But the victim is here tonight. I met her earlier. I feel sorry for her and what she's having to go through. And all I really feel really, really bad for you. Nobody's acknowledged you, but I'm acknowledged you. Don't cry. I do feel my heart goes out to you. Who would you go in through? So if y'all want to judge me for saying what I'm saying, you know, y'all go ahead. That's fine. I don't care about the comments. Mostly y'all know me. I really don't care. But your heart should go out for her that's having the suffer for that. In the council, y'all see me tearing up and I don't cry. Okay. Everyone needs to be held accountable. And the right thing needs to be done. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Romero. Anyone else who's in touch with the City Council this evening? You're welcome to come up, Mr. Savile. This is for the City of Turn. Is that you? Well, the question should be to the council. Okay. The question is this when he was speaking to this gentleman, right over here somewhere, you know, he mentioned that this investigation, that tells me that it's already started. That's skin-cray. No, that's where I would read it. The terminology, English language. Then that's on me and that's my error. So you're the City Attorney and you hold yourself that way and you made a mistake and you did it in front of the everybody. If you want to identify as a mistake, that's fine, but there's a good thing. What was it? They're here tonight to decide whether there will be an investigation. That's not what you said. Well, that's what I intended to say. That is not what you said. And you're our attorney, right? Mr. Savile, you've made your points. Oh, I'm so I made my point. I think you did. I hope so. Let me find out if there's anyone that else that likes to come back to you, would anyone else that has not addressed the council like to address the City Council this evening? Yes, ma'am, if you wouldn't mind coming. And since I don't have a speaker card for you, if you wouldn't mind identifying