today's Thursday March 30th and the time is 5 p.m. If you please stand this evening our pledge of allegiance or excuse the invocation and pledge of allegiance will be led by council member Lindy Volgiano. Dear heavenly Father, as leaders of our growing city, we are gathered here tonight ask for your guidance and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at Thy mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. God has some following in your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this and in the name of Jesus, amen. Amen. Our pledge of allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one Nation under God, in the name of Jesus. All right, good evening everyone again. I'm sad to be here. I don't think any of us want to be here this evening but I know and I trust that we all love the city of Young'sville. As elected officials, we should hold ourselves to a higher standard and that's why we're here this evening. Miss Reo has resigned and while I hate to lose a teammate, it was the right decision from Miss Reo, her family and our city. She shared with me that she's received death threats and that's apprehensible. She's apologized and it's time for us to move on. But in order to do so, we must have the public's trust and confidence in order to lead our city. Trust is not given and we must collectively work hard to earn and to maintain your trust in respect. We believe that it's our obligation. With that, there's one item that's on our agenda this evening and that item is agenda item 2.1 resolution 2023-08, a resolution of the Young'sville City Council authorizing and directing the mayor to secure an independent investigation of the Young'sville Chief of Police. Mayor, I make a motion to adopt resolution number 2023-08. Okay, motion by council member Stanisbury, a second by councilwoman Sean Pine. Is there any council comment in the Nullen by public comment at that time? If not. Mayor, we have a recommendation to amend said motion. The first part of the amendment will be the scope of the investigation. We'll be from the swearing end of the first term of police chief Ricky Boudreau to present day and the second item of for the amendment will be to give city attorney way trough home to seek out authority to seek out three human resource law firms and to present at the next council meeting on April 13. Okay, I accept it. All right. Perfect. All right, so we have a motion and a second as amended. Wade will hear public comment anything that you care to say at this point. No, no, other than the fact that the scope has been to find what I intend to do is bring