is alluding to is we had some conversation earlier in the week. Some in, in, in internal workshop planning in order to discuss with you this evening. We had construction costs, you know, as a result of inflation. Our priorities get expansion of parks and rec, driver quality alive, an aggressive plan for our road improvements. And even though a lot of them are funded by state capital outlay, we still have a local match with regards to the road projects of which we borrowed. You know, so Ben and I were really looking at the optics of how much do we still have lined up in parks and I do think that this could be an extension of the parks and rec department currently in parks and rec as you know, I mean the 70 acres, we've acquired another 46 and a half that we are still slated to move, move forward with the plan that I'm going to give you tonight for the sports complex expansion. So the veterans park, we have the dog park that are drainage projects, but now parks and rec. And then we also have our commitment to the dagels about our joint joint partnership on the linear park to connect the Savoy to Iberius Street. I think it fits in, you know, beautifully. I wish the timing was a little bit different. Sometimes these opportunities don't always present themselves, you know, when the timing was right. Frankly, we wouldn't be sitting here today if someone on my team didn't come to me and say, have you have you thought about putting an offer in on the house that once sat at this property. So I can tell you our budget will be tied over the next few years. I don't I say that really to show strength because we have a lot planned and a lot in the works. And we're borrowing money to achieve those goals provided. We've been very fortunate tonight. We're going to give you report sales tax to six months in. We're about 11% up on sales tax. Fortunately, because we're going to need it. So I think I mean, councilman stands very to your point. I think that we what we would look at is probably have to look at a variety of funds. I don't think there's a really a clear path on on any of our funding sources. In addition with parks and rec we also have a splash pad and progress that's being constructed, you know, currently. And, and, you know, an anticipation of our budget in a few months, the parks and rec departments already submitted to us their list for the next few years resurfacing, resurfacing potentially the tennis courts at foster park, you know, to give you one of the more costly items there. So how it fits in with the finances, I think, has it's just because he knows it's going to be tight. But it's it's it's tight because we