order. Perfect. So all right. Thank you, sir. Thank you. All right. We're going to move on to resolutions resolution 8.1. A resolution of mending and approving permit and development fees for the city of young. So see Mr. Volgiano. Public emotion. Thank you, Mr. Volgiano. And there's a second by council member Romero. Is there any council comments or discussion? Is there any public comment? If there's no public comment, misgidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. We'll move ahead to genitom 8.2. Resolution 2020-04 resolution authorizing the reduction of commercial permitting fees through December 31st, 2024 to facilitate economic development. Motion by Mr. Romero and a second by Mr. Volgiano. Is there any comment or question from members of the council? If there's no comment from the members of the council, have any public comment. If there's no public comment, misgidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Thank you, council. 8.3 resolution authorizing the mayor of the city of young. So enter into a wholesale water agreement with Lafayette City Parish Consolidated Government in Magnolia Utility Operating Company LLC for the purchase and resale of potable water. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. In a second by Mrs. Creed. Is there any council comment or question or discussion? Is this felony neighborhood with Magnolia? So let me tell you a little bit more about it. So what this is, this is something we've been working on for quite some time, actually. There's an unincorporated island in just outside our city limits, windy meadows, windy heights. It's on Bonan Road, just north of Feelcrest. They have been serviced by Tessie as their utility provider. As long as I can remember, Tessie has recently sold, as you may know, their assets to Magnolia. But during the time that Tessie operated the facility routinely, there was, you know, I won't speak to the water issues, but from the appearance of it, it was yellow. It appeared to have a lot of opportunity to improve. At the time mayor president Gielery and I got together, I believe I probably had a conversation with the council member Carlson at the time. Youngso has an eight inch water line that services straight down Bonan Road. One of our connection points is out of Baceter Caffery, so we have an eight inch water line coming in to feed our US wholesale customers. So we had some discussion. This is when Clint was still with this Pam was part of it, of course, Susan about, could we help these help these folks out? They have a youngso address, they identify with Youngso, I'm sure they shop in Youngso, they're not annexed. But frankly, I annexing that neighborhood really wasn't something that I personally was interested in, so I haven't brought it to you. And I don't know that they would have been interested. But now with this water line that we have on Youngso highway, what in