cards since we did enforce, since we adopted this 10 years ago. But if there is more allowance provided by the state for a local government on those vehicles, then perhaps you do have the opportunity. I don't know what they all are. So all right, any other council comment? Any public comment? We don't have motion. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm motion. All right. I'll second. All right, motion by Ramero. Second by Volgiano. Any public comment? All right, no public comment. The statute is called a vote for introduction. Ms. Barrett? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Ms. Shalvan? Yes. Motion approved. 10.2. Ordinance 493-2024. Ordinance of the City of Youngsoil, Louisiana. Authorizing the City of Youngsoil to sell certain, immovable surplus property located 3014th Street, Youngsoil, Louisiana, which is not needed for public purpose. I'll move. Okay, motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Ms. Creed. Any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? There was a water well previously at this site that was, we've abandoned that water well several years ago. That was a shallow well. And now that we have three new wells that are deep water, that are going to be feeding our new water plant, we really don't have a need for it. So we're just looking at the process to surplus immovable property, because as you know, we'll have other properties that I think will have the same opportunity for. That the city owns. So, all right, Ms. Creed, a Joe comment or no. That was just sorry. All right, any public comment? Did I have a motion? All right, Ms. Giger, is called the vote. Ms. Barras? Yes. Ms. DeBagiana? Ms. Romero? Ms. Creed, yes, Ms. Shalvan? Yes. Motion approved. 10.3 Ordinance 494-2024 in ordinance of the City of Youngsoil, Louisiana. I'm in the chapter 24 utilities, section 24 110, building sewers and connections relative to sewer specifications. Terry or Susan can tell us what we're doing if you have life, but if you have any questions about it. Thank you. So Amanda, who does locating for Youngspell, she was having a lot of problems locating the forced mains with how we were calling for it to be traced with tracer wire. She couldn't pick up the signal. So she did all the research in conjunction with CG Logan and they found this marker system that they felt would work really well. And the developers don't seem to have a problem with the cost of it. So we're recommending we put it into the ordinance so that it's a requirement of all the developments. I think Susan, Amanda, I apologize. I didn't know that you proposed anything that you like to add. I'm not going to be in the summary of questions like that. Yeah, the long one. The utility team works hard to ensure that all the lines are marked properly out in the field and part of the big component of that is ensuring as we acquire new infrastructure