here within our own department. And to have somebody that already get four is the highest level of certification that you can get treatment production. There's multiple phases. And we have, I believe we had if someone of that qualification once before. And it was very short live because he was left for another agency. But anyway, he's a young zool resident. I'm very proud to have him on the team. And also, when I acknowledge Amanda Holiday that's here with us today, Amanda, everyone probably are, you may know her. She was our line locator. And she's now a maintenance supervisor in the public works department. She is all business out in the field. So it's a pleasure to have her and does a great job of locating utilities below ground, which is, you know, it's hard to do, in my opinion. So she works very closely with Clint and private development to make sure that before we accept any new infrastructure, that all the water and sewer lines are properly traced and marked where she can find them easier in the future. Not just for her, though, for other utility companies that are going in and after us to make sure that there's less or as least disruption as possible to our water and sewer lines to protect our investment. So thank you. Thanks for being here tonight. All right. We'll go to council announcements, Mr. Winnie. This Saturday, after everyone goes to the splash pad, I still want you to stay at the sports complex and come visit us at Pickle & Pints. It's our, and first of all, grow glow-in-the-dark pickleball tournament, benefiting rotary clubly youngsville, funds raised for scholarships, grants, things of that nature. We got the trophies today and they look awesome. So I'm pretty excited. They glow-in-the-dark, apparently. But no, I think we're going to have a good time. You don't have to play if you don't want to. You can just come spectate, but 18 and above only please because Pints, right? So alcohol will be served. Bontong will be serving concessions. We have a DJ. We'll have a good time no matter what. So that's all I got. All right. Thank you, sir. Mr. Volgiana. All right. Thank you. Mr. Romero. A correction. It's a splash park. That's opening at 10 a.m. on Saturday. No, that's a running joke. I think everybody's getting splash pads or has them, but of course, youngsville and Tim fashion has to be bigger and better, which I think we're all excited about. So hopefully you all can make it out. I think it's going to be a packed event and a lot to do for the family. So bring the kids out. Thank you, sir. Mr. Stansbury. Yes, Mayor, I'd like to recognize Michelle Nacan. Today, this morning, was her last meeting as president for the Rotary Club of Youngsville. She's been president for two years and probably a couple of months before that. I