to talk about tonight. But it also shows the map. It also shows a railroad track towards the lower left side of the drawing. It shows a railroad coming in from New Arbiteria. And then off of that main railroad, it also shows a spur that goes off. You'll see it toward the top left side. Yeah, and it's pretty much as to where City Hall is today. So, that's all the old maps that I want to show you. Now, what I want to show you are recent activities that we've had in the past. Recent activities that we've had in the downtown, in downtown Young City Hall. City Hall was established and built in the building we're in tonight. Street scape came along and improved on Lafayette Street and more recently on Church Street. Then, Foster Park. Foster Park was a parish park at one time. Now, it's a City of Young's real park. All of these improvements were paid for by the City of Young's real. And the school board made great improvements to Greenfield Living School. And as we all know, there's a huge addition being done to St. Anne Catholic Church. Additionally, there's been some private investments. This is what I call the Royalville development. It was developed by Mark Maurey and Cecil Little. So, from here, I'll take you to a tour that I did over the last couple of weeks. Just taking photographs of different parts of the neighborhood. Because I'm going through the series of neighborhoods, a photos of the neighborhood. I want you to keep in mind that these are photographs of buildings and objects. But they're part of the neighborhood. When we work with a neighborhood, a developer may come along and make improvements to a single parcel. And he does that. He or she does that. It obviously raises the property value of that parcel. But if it's a well-done development, it also raises the property values of the things around that parcel. His hope is that it becomes contagious. That making those improvements will encourage someone else to make similar improvements. And when that happens, it raises his property values. So, it's kind of a give and take thing. And if you can get that going, then all of the property values of the neighborhood happens. The same thing happens when something bad happens to a parcel. If someone does it, maintain their property. It lowers that property's property value. But it also lowers the property value of the people, the property around that. And so, keep in mind as I'm showing you these photographs. Ask yourself, what is that property doing? What is that property? What is that image? What is the item in that image doing for the property value around him? So, as we go through here, I'll tell you, there are some beautiful homes. There are some beautiful homes, beautiful yards that are extremely well maintained. And you ask yourself, what does it do