anyway. So I don't think the 75 feet would be an issue at all. Okay, I'm your recommendation. I'll be 75 feet. 70 and minimum of 75. Yeah, I'd say that's. If everybody else. Right. Did you all. That was the first one. Yeah, the second one was the individual detention. And cumulatively, each lot would still meet every requirement. Yeah. Just save. The commercial development for a lot three would come in with their site plan. They're allocated detention. And we'll connect to the designated outfall, designated outfall that Pam is recommending on that west side. Would these detention be built separately from each other? Correct. Is that going to cause. Problem with drainage of lots two and four aren't developed right away. Well, if they don't have a cross drainage use bit, what I don't want is something where lot one has it. And then how does lot one outfall to that channel? Yeah. What's proposed would be that lot one. During to the west. Okay. Place the outfall on that western line within a private drainage server to that lots two three and four could also utilize for their outfall. So then if lot three got built out before the stuff. It's still going to. Okay, I'll follow. There would be a there would be an outfall. There would be a detention private drainage server to in place for them to outfall. Okay. Her main goal is that they don't drain to shim and metter. Yeah. So with the recording of the plot and the servitude, that would that would achieve that. Okay. So I'm clear. You would have a drainage process back here and then documentation saying that it's dedicated and that all of them. Yes. Okay. You want a letter? Yeah. I'm okay. What I would recommend to the council. I don't know how many feet that would be. I'm going to leave that to Mr. Ricks to make sure it's adequate. But if. If in fact some we would make sure that that's all on the plot. I think that and that the easement agreement that comes would come to us with that. What I would propose would be 20 feet on that western line for that outfall pipe. Okay. And each site be able to connect to that with their pond within their site connect to that outfall pipe. Okay. So they would be able to do their detention. So they can be crest creative on their detention. And this would be almost like a cross access easement for outfalling. Right. And we would have a so then your document that would come with your final plot approval. You will you will state that in there legally that everyone must drain to this dedicated easement so that it goes here. And that everyone would be responsible for their 25 year detention for each lot. And that will and the 25 year detention step will also be put on the plot. Yes. Okay. With