kind of soft in that curve up a little bit and you know rebuild Shim and Agriob to be really just a nice east west corridor on the southern end of our city. So I have those up here for the council review or anybody in the public that's interested in it. Head some just preliminary conversations with the landowners that would be affected over there. And you know thus far they've been great conversations and hopefully we'll be able to move forward with. You know moving those projects ahead so while we're talking a lot about you know projects on the northern side of our city center on young so highway and also East Milton we do we are doing a lot on the southern end as far as design and planning to make sure that. The growth on the southern end southern day time. He got region isn't being left behind and I don't have the numbers with me. But I hope to bring our legislators to council meeting in the future because I'm really proud of their efforts over the last legislative session this was their I don't know if they decided to go into a veto session today or not. But the last regular session of representative bishop and also Senate president Cortez and we did very well with capital outlay so I want to come in their efforts and you know usually this time of the year couple weeks before it's always everyone's on kind of pins and needles by the governor going to veto or not well all of our projects survived and were signed into the house bill too. So excited about that and looking forward to bringing you more numbers about that because that's largely how all these projects are going to be funded you know over the next couple of years is because of you know their efforts and that is coupled with our efforts here communicating what our needs are so. Alright that's all I have Mr. Linny. It's still summertime so I know a lot of people still on vacation and we all know it's very hot just reminder please hydrate and also I know we talk a lot about water safety but skin safety as well number one cancer in this country is skin cancer so please. Keep that in mind whenever you have you and your kids outside of the pool. I think it's still a new school. I didn't ask in the cooler Catherine anything. Our bin is on a medical leave right now he had surgery last week so he's doing great he's home but you know little trial run maybe for his retirement so but he's doing good. I just wanted to when it's just announced why he wasn't here this year so. Mr. Ramirez thank you for Mr. Stan's right I just want to ask Mr. Tim on the splash park concessions how is that working out I'm hearing all these kids out