also have a block link, maximum units. So just again, I want to make sure the developer is aware that that one ten dash four part two, the multi-family logacity, he will be applicable to all of those ordinances, if it were to be passed. And again, we're not seeking an approval of a specific project. Mr. Paret is here, that's just an example of what he's done in the past. Obviously, you know, he would have to, you know, design a project and request a permit. You're just asking for the waiver of the commercial required for the way to get back off him regardless of who the prospective buyer, who the buyer is. Yes, that's correct. Do we have any conversations with the home association in the neighborhood as well as all the residents on the street of South Lake Circle? I personally have not. No, if it's Nancy Kess. Yeah, that, I mean, that would be one of my concerns to make sure before a variance has passed, is that a conversation has had at least with, I think there's an HOA in that neighborhood of not mistaken. Yeah. I mean, I don't know if anybody from the HOA with South Lake subdivision is here. I mean, I don't have a, you know, obviously, that's not a problem, but, you know, at least from my perspective, if you're residential on South Lake to be fronted by residential as opposed to commercial might be preferable anyway. But that's a, sure, you know, it's really, I mean, there's a practical matter. It's kind of a down, down zoning rather than an up zoning decision. Thank you. And I think, Clint, the reason we need the variances because we have the 200-foot buffer that we, and this property, I did pay us in front of it, so I'm familiar with it. It doesn't look like it has much more than 200 feet total. It's 100 based on rough calculations looking at the old South Lake plantation. The larger track, I think, is like on Harron Boulevard is like 170 feet. So it's, it's, it's right there. We don't even have the 200 feet that commercial would need to be able to develop. That's okay. So the back, the north, is it the north, the north line is, yeah, a little over 200, but the, the South line is a little less than 200. So, and the property has been for sale, I think, for, oh, it's been vacant for a very long time. I would prefer seeing residential there instead of the possibility of commercial at some point in time. I think it would, it would lend well to the residents around South Lake. I would think they would prefer, in my opinion, I'm not sure. I can't speak for them, but I would think they would prefer seeing townhomes there instead of a commercial because you never know what you're going to get when you get commercial. So, in