All right. Good evening, everybody. Welcome. This is the regular city council meeting of the Youngsville City Council tonight's Thursday, July 11th. I'd like to ask this evening for a pastor Andy Manning from Church of Indiana to lead us in the invocation. And then if you please remain standing, our pledge this evening will be led by Councilwoman Jeanpine. Pastor, welcome sir. Thank you. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much, Lord, for your goodness and your grace. We thank you, Lord, for your provision, your healing, your protection. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord, for your provision, your healing, your protection. We thank you most of all for Jesus Christ, your Son, Lord. We thank you, Father, for the United States of America, for those who founded it, for those who fought to preserve our freedoms, Lord. We thank you so much for the city of Youngsville and the way that you've blessed us over the years as a city. And we look forward to Lord what you're going to do in the future. And Father, we thank you for our civil liberties. We thank you for religious liberty, for freedom of speech, for the right to bear arms. We thank you for a strong and effective affair in an honest government. Father, this evening we pray for our city council. Please give them wisdom and knowledge and understanding as they make decisions and solve problems for our community. Please help them to seek first the wisdom that is found in your word. Please help them to adopt the same attitude as that of Christ Jesus by assuming the form of a servant. Help them to get along with each other so that they can get things done. Father, please bless this city, the city of Youngsville. Please give us the peace and the prosperity that can only come from you. And Father, please bless the United States of America. And most importantly, Father, by kingdom come, that I will be done on earth as it is in heaven. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. One nation and one God, and the individual with liberty and justice for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Are the roll, excuse me. Ms. Bara, here. Mr. Volgiano is absent. Mr. Romero. Here. Ms. Cree. Here. Ms. Chauhan. Here. All right. Thanks, Ms. Gidry. 3.1 approval of the minutes from June 13, 2024. Motion by Councilwoman Bara's and second by Councilwoman Cree. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call for the vote. All in favor with the exception of Mr. Romero abstaining motion passes. A general item 3.2 approval of the June 27, 2024 special meeting minutes. A motion by Mr. Romero, second by Ms. Champagne. Any council comments or questions? Any public