I'd like to call the meeting to order today is Monday March 20th. The time is 12 o'clock. We have a special council agenda here. I'd like to open the meeting by asking councilwoman Jean-Pine to lead us in the invocation. And also if you remain standing for the pledge, please. Thank you, Mayor. Dear Heavenly Father, as leaders of our growing city, we are gathered here today asking for your guidance and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding, and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at Thy mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. Guide us in following your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus, amen. I pledge allegiance to the Father of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, and to the liberty and justice for all. All right, thank you, Ms. Jean-Pine. And welcome again. Appreciate being available to join us for this important topic. The chief approach this last week told me that they were having some issues with their current body camera provider and asked that we consider having a special meeting to discuss solutions for that. So chief, do you want to take it from here and maybe? I've made everybody aware that cop tracks was getting out of the police business. I have gotten with Wade and we are going to follow class action lawsuit, but they have no more body cameras to replace if we have one go down and they're not servicing anything anymore. So we're in bad shape. The class action lawsuit, that was a breach of contract that you all signed with them? Yeah, okay. We're going after them for the, I mean, I just paid it out. Now they just quit and by law they have to service us for four years and they're not doing it. Two years and they're out. So we, I mean, one lawsuit, oh, eat up, well, we're going to be spending now. So that's why we drastically need them. They've been a big help for us in handling calls. So chief, I find her saying correctly, this is changing to not, this is inclusive of more than just body cameras. Yes, this is body cameras, car cameras, and, oh, cases. Okay. In Nicole, I see that we have an updated spreadsheet. Okay, so, so I guess I'm sorry, I didn't read the agenda item. Okay, and do that. This agenda item 2.1 is to consider amending the 2022 2023 Youngso Police Department budget in the amount of, I'm going to substitute this new amount 138,961, 54 to purchase body cameras, tasers, dash cameras, and further authorizing the mayor to execute an agreement with axon enterprise incorporated. It might, it must say in that correctly. I think the numbers are actually a total of these two combined, but I'll let them explain it. Okay, all right.