saying that, I'm in favor of the variance. So I don't want to stop anyone else from speaking there like a, make a motion to approve when the time comes. All right. Thank you, Mr. Shampon. Mr. Standsbury, do you have a, wow, second motion? Okay. We have a motion and a second to approve the 200 foot variance or 200 foot requirement for it to be commercial. The commercial, the ordinance is specific to 200 feet on any major arterial has to have commercial frontage. So this will be wave in that requirement. It does allow more flexibility to Ms. Maure for her ability to market and sell the property. It would still be subject to any land use regulations that would govern there and any regulations that would be specific to townhomes if that is the desire of a prospective buyer. Absolutely. We are not proposing a specific project and do not have any specific requests for variances or waivers just the waiver of the 200 foot commercial reservation. Are there any other council comments on this? Any public comment prior to the council's vote to consider approving the variance of the 200 foot commercial, commercial requirement at this address? Any public comment? All right. If there's no public comment, council is good. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote to approve the variance. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stainesberry? Yes. Ms. Champagne? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Motion approved. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you, ma'am. All right. 7.2. Ms. Claire Morley is requesting a variance to waive the required green belt from 15 feet to 5 feet and to reduce the required driveway from 36 feet to 25 feet for our commercial business located at 25, 13, Bonan Road. Ms. Morley? Thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate it. So I don't own the property, but before I negotiate any further, I wanted to make sure that it was something I would be able to build on. As all the ordinances currently stand, it would only be able to be 14 feet deep to build on. So basically only a trailer could be there, which is what was there before. But I would like to put a small 800 square foot photo studio on it with that I would need room for the parking lot. They would go with it. And then on the far side, I envision like a courtyard area. So it would still be like a green space, even though it wouldn't be, you know, just a solid green space. Yeah. Council for your benefit, this piece of property may look a little familiar, too. You've considered a variance on this parcel before for the current owner. When they went through our planning review with in Clinton's office, they were told that the variance that was provided previously on this parcel, it was going to be a snowball stand named FreeZones, your recall, that that variance was specific to the