museums have been known to protect the investment of the homeowners in the area. A museum is a vehicle for education and would be a great school-filled destination for our students. A museum positively impacts the city by enhancing business recruitment. One of only a handful of historical homes left in the city. It would be ashamed to see it not used for something other than historical means for the city. It is located at the gateway to our city and could also serve as a tourist information center for the city. The city could use this museum for city events such as small meetings and community programs. It is definitely an investment into our quality of life. I am here asking you tonight to consider purchasing this property for the city. T.B. used as a historical museum but also with multiple uses. This museum could offer that final piece of the puzzle in our wonderfully expanding and progressing city that we have. It could be that one little piece that could just make the puzzle all fit together. So I thank you again for the opportunity to be here tonight. I know this is a huge ask but I think it's something very worthwhile for the city. Does anybody have any questions? Yes. If this is purchased, what are some of the plans? I know this is still new but I know you all have been thinking about this for a long time. We have spent the last I guess four or five years collecting things for the city. I know that many people that knew that we were planning for this offer to donate or loan items that are in their possession that were originally hearing young's bill. One for example is Mr Wayne Dupuis. He has a bust of Benjamin Franklin Flanders. And Mr Flanders was the governor of Louisiana at one time just right after the Civil War. We have a lot of money that we have to donate that to us. We have other items. We have farm implements. We have all sorts of things that people have paintings and pictures and things like that that really can. And you see all this stuff in the back. It's about 0.66 of an acre. I thought it would be great to have a pumpkin patch where the kids in the schools in Young'sville each got their own pumpkin and then they would bring the pumpkin to school, paint it. And then we could pick up the pumpkins and set up a beautiful pumpkin walk where the kids could take their parents and go find their pumpkins in the, you know, in the backyard there. And I think that there's many things I mean it could be used for even events like a baby shower or something like that if somebody wanted to pay for it. If I know means am I saying this is going to be a money maker, but I think there are a