next meeting. All right. So of a motion by Mr. Stansbury, is there a second on that motion? All right. A second by Mr. Champagne. Let me get the paperwork straight. I'm too comfortable watching from her vacation. So. All right. Thank you very much. All right. I'm so. The motions to table are not debatable with comments. So while call for the vote, division eight, Mr. Linu. Yes. Division B, Mr. Volgiana. No. Division C, Mr. Romero. Yes. Division D, Stansbury. Yes. And division E, Mr. Champagne. Yes. OK. Thank you. So, Deegan, I think I can speak for all of us. We are so, I think we can all agree. We're so excited about the project. It's certainly going to be transformational. We are so proud to have that project here on a similar anchor of this intersection as we are. And I think what I'm hearing is that they would like to work on something that can help achieve your goals, but still be within the spirit of the sign ordinance. In fairness, we have made some modifications, including our own project sign here. And I think that that may be met with some favoritism. So I don't mind meeting as part of it as well. I'm sure I can get a member to the council. Absolutely. If you want to follow yourself. I'll absolutely continue the conversation. We understand. Thank you. Thank you, Deegan. OK, at this time we'll go on to the added agenda item, which is 5.2a. And that was relative to the chief Woodrow's automobile allowance. Well, I made the motion forward to expand it. But if possible, we could discuss a little bit. First, Mayor. That's OK. Yes, please. So chief, obviously, April 20th was the first notification of the additional car expenses and fuel expenses that go on top of the approved $1,000 car allowance. You're notified by the mayor, also via email. And our city attorney was copied on it. Roughly, I think I was the last one to know, which was about Wednesday, April 26th, six days later, the following Wednesday. And since then, we have not had a council meeting. You want to discuss? Because yeah, please do. Yeah. I'm looking for this thing. List? Well, I mean, we have on record from September of 2016. Two of us, my councilman stands very myself. We're on the council at the time. Mayor was still in office. Miss Champagne was actually the CAO. I think a councilman, Volgiana, was in the attendance at night, discussion via audio that we've heard. And the minutes state that you were on the agenda, asking for the $1,000 stipend for your car allowance so that you could use your own vehicle. And the city attorney at the time, George Knox, clarified, and you agreed after councilman stands very confirmed that you would only want the $1,000 stipend. That correct? Correct. I'm going to take that time. Right now, we have roughly about $18,000