second? Second by Councilwoman Creed. Any public comment? Any council comment? Any further discussion? Can Ms. Gidry please call the vote on the amendment? On the budget amendment. Yes. Ms. Creed? Yes. Ms. Farris. Yes. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you, council. The agenda item 6.3 is to discuss and consider a menu of the 2024-2025 budget in the amount approximate of 200,000 to increase funding for repairs to the Giat road, Shim and Metri Parkway roundabout. I'm going to let Pam talk about this one, and I'll fill in the room where we're needed. Nana sy noissette your best friend on that list. Okay. We're going to give you two diagrams in front of you. And one was showing what we were originally doing. So we were doing an interim full depth patch within the traveling of the roundabout. And we were doing full depth patches in area. Everybody knows we have some really bad areas there. And then we were going to overlay basically from scene to scene. What you see in front of you, that was the original roundabout extents. And so for those of you that are on the councilor, have been with the city when we did the 2015 to 2016 roadway improvements on Shimemet, Metery. When we pulled out the old base, and we pulled out all the limestone, and we went back with a four inch of asphalt, and 12 inches of base, and 12 inches of subgrade. We stopped right at the extents that you see on the west side of this roundabout. And this roundabout was never repaired. And any of the repairs we ever did on Shimemet, Metery. When we did the 2024 roadway improvements, at the same time, we were trying to get funding for an ultimate double lane roundabout there that is designed. The state has not been as fast on the funding through capital outlay program as we would have liked. And in light of this and the condition of the roadway, we looked, we didn't want to just do the full depth patching. We definitely, the Mayor and I talked, and we wanted to make sure, are we looking at every possible scenario? As you know, one of the issues associated with people not like an asphalt roundabout is the pushing as everybody, as the 18-willers and big trucks go around. Fortunately, there are new materials these days. And so in looking at what we could do, that's nowhere near a concrete, the cost of a concrete repair. But a repair that's more than a temporary one, knowing it could be years before we have the funding for the ultimate roundabout that we have, we recommend going through and doing the four with the 12 and 12, like we did the rest of Schumann mattery, but also adding, there's a new additive that you can put into