any particular type of program that the public would like to see or activities. Doesn't necessarily have to be music-related, community-related. You know, could be, we've had inquiries for things like yoga, for food truck roundups. I mean, just a, just a variety of things. So what else? And that's the idea. OK. What do you want to do? Yeah. So anyway, we're open to certainly feedback about that, about how we can layer in programming that would be beneficial for your families. So all right. Thank you, Tim. I think I just had one other comment. August 27th, the council and I are calling a special meeting. And that is to, you recall at the last, our two council meetings ago, it was me, sorry, 27. It's a solicit feedback about the downtown area of Young Zville. We've had, in our opinion, a lot of wins, you know, lately in this particular area from St. Anne's Church, as I commented on earlier, to the downtown streetscape improvement, to Foster Park's ownership transition to the city and that revitalization, to, of course, the police and city hall, police prominent city hall here. And now we're having, you know, the connectivity to Fair Haven, Foster Park. So as you, as you, if you follow the council meetings, you know, we've had some development interest in that particular area of our community recently. So the council and their wisdoms asking questions about what's the best way to see, you know, that area developed, I mean, should it be limited, you know, it's a single family residential, should there be density, you know, new density requirements for getting a lot of interest in town homes, tryplexes, things that nature. We do have an ordinance that governs density, which would be, you know, townhouses and duplexes and things like that. But it is really a unique opportunity for us to, for the community to share feedback about how they would like to see that area developed in the future. So that's going to be, I think it's a Tuesday, August 27th, at 6 p.m., I don't believe, it's, while it's a special council meeting, I don't think we're intending to take any action that night, but based on feedback that day, the council will take it and perhaps do some, you know, do something in the future related to how we govern. So we're govern that area. Any announcements from the council? Chief, anything on your answer? Just, I think everybody's happy to have their kids in school. I am, because my grocery bill went down. But with that comes, you know, we're going to have offices in our school zones, moderner speeds, we ask everybody, leave early, give yourself enough time, and hope is life's hectic, but we need these school zones to slow for our children, make sure they're safe, not only in the school zones, but in our neighborhoods, we have kids waiting for buses that are on corners, we have