to give and there's no penalty. So like if that is free and I can't get you to do that, but I'm going to lower the cost for a permit down to $20, but I can't get you to come here and do it. Then it's them, then what, you know, I mean, you're buying these golf course don't cost $500, they're paying eight, you know, $6 to 10 grand for golf court. I think just a suggestion. What I would maybe ask you to consider and we don't have it illustrated on here. If you do want to consider dropping the fee, which in essence, you are, you may want to also consider adjusting the penalty as well. And it's not, for me, it's not a revenue driver, but I mean, you have a, if you're going, if you're going 11 to 20 miles per hour over the speed limit, that citation inclusive of court costs is $334. It's my appreciation. You know, if you're going 10, you know, the, yeah, up to zero to 10, it's I think $174. I think a seatbelt violation is $50. So that $200 penalty has been, you know, this ordinance hasn't been touched since 2014. So just, you know, just throwing out the context for you guys to, yeah, because I mean, the, the, the, the biggest goal for this is safety. And there's, there's a litany of parents that take, you know, take seriously, and don't want their kids riding their son that just honestly don't care at all, even when enforcement is implied. And I feel like the cheaper that we make the, the, the permit to get, you know, I've seen, there's a, there's a quite a bit of really nice high golf cards, and there's some that are just barely put together with four wheels. And, you know, people reckless driving through communities and before it someone's going to get hit, kids on a golf cart. I'm just, we could play devil's advocate, my name on a quarter back at all we want. So I mean, it doesn't, it doesn't bother me to lower the rate. I would, I would just hope that the enforcement and we would stick the penalties that those imply. And or, you know, your first penalties 200 if it happens again, then you're banned for, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know what, whatever that may be. I don't know if that could have more discussion, but I just want us to come down off of where we, where we originally saw it at just to have a free for all. Okay. Miss shop, fine. Yes, thank you. I'm good with whatever the concert decides is a fee. We do also have to consider. Don't just go out after hours. She does a lot of the registration, which really worked well. I think, well, somewhat well. But by lowering the fee, hopefully we get more of a turnout if she continues to do