Lafayette parish mayor, President. I know some of you we've met through my work in the community. Some of you I haven't had the opportunity to work with yet. I look forward to continuing a great partnership with the city of Lafayette, the parish, and the town of Youngsville. Before I get into who I am, I want to say that my family, my husband's family, was devastated by the destruction of Hurricane Laura and others. And many of them have moved here because Youngsville is a shining star, especially for young families. So I want to thank you for all the work you do, and I want to just commend the community for coming to this council meeting to be involved. I moved to Lafayette parish 40 years ago. I'm a real estate attorney. I graduated from LSU Law School. And in the 40 years since I've moved here, I've been married to John Swift for 34 years. We have two daughters, and I do have to say my oldest daughter is Taylor Swift. So we're we're Swifties. In 1992, that was the best name in the world. And it still is, but of course she's taken a hit for that. But I have two daughters, we raised them here. And I love this community. I've served as an assistant city parish attorney over community development. I've been on the Chamber of Commerce Executive Committee. I've worked on different boards and commissions. I chaired the Lafayette Parish Industrial Development Commission. I worked for 10 years. Some of you know, I think that's when I met Mayor Ritter. I ran upper Lafayette economic development. I know, can we met back then too and some own many of you. I've worked in economic development. What I don't see Lafayette doing now, and I'm talking about the parish, not Young'sville, we're not courting businesses like we could. When I moved here in 1983, this was a shining star, this whole community for young talent. I don't see that we've done much as far as Lafayette Parish, working with Lida and others to bring in business. I want to see that 25 to 34-year-old cohort moving to our area, whether they moved to Young'sville, Karen Crow, Broussard, the city of Lafayette, I want to bring my economic development skills to the table to move them here. Because we all benefit, whether they move to your town or another town, they may work here, even if they live in another town. My second priority is going to be public safety. You all have a great police department here. I have served on crime stoppers for Lafayette. For the past few years, I was chair last year. We've been through six police chiefs in the city of Lafayette in three years. And many of you know, when people drive in, they might be going through downtown Lafayette first, where the homeless population is burgeoning. They're growing, and they're not just staying in downtown, they're moving