in time. Requested an amendment or amend where you pay for the lights for his vehicle. Do we supposed to vote on that before you amend that? That's not on these minutes. Yeah. It was before September 14. This is the October 12. Holy cow. Did I screw up and bring the wrong paperwork? Probably damn all their work. I did for nothing. Well, look, I'm sorry, but anyway, did we did we vote on that? Was that supposed to be done that way? I forgot to recall. I think it was just a clarifying statement that was going to be as part of the vehicle allowance system. Sure, who was who was on first with different components of any improvements to the vehicle. If that was that was my recollection. No way. The reason I'm asking this is the way that I understood it was this basically for it. She said she wanted to amend it because you guys were bringing it to give them $1,000. Then you wanted to amend it for the thousand for the lights also. I would have to miss some time. I don't remember if I said amended, but what I meant was to make sure that his vehicle did get the equipment that it needed. Like we've done in the past with the previous chief. Sure. But you use a mint. I'm almost 100% positive on that. And if you're going to amend. There's not wrong with the amendment. All she all were doing is there's a. There was a motion on the floor for the thousand dollars. Yes. And probably a second. And before. Okay. Before the vote was taken, Ms. Jean-Plain probably chimed in and said, I'd like to amend the motion on the floor to make sure we're allowing the police chief to add the necessary equipment to his vehicle. So they're so that the first and the second agreed to it. And when we voted on it, we all voted ones who were here at the time that it would get the thousand dollars a month plus the police package. Okay. Good lights and stuff like that. Did you get your stuff? Beautiful. Did you go on any of those? Did you go on any calls without any lights? Mayor, if I may, Mr. Svel. We are talking about approving the minutes of October 12, 2023. None of the questions you've presented to this council involve those minutes. So, sir, unless you have a question regarding the minutes of October 12, 2023, then I'm going to ask you that you refrain and be seated. Okay. Do you want to answer the question? No, he doesn't have to answer the question. I am saying that I understand. It does not concern the October 12. Mr. Svel. Mr. Svel. Mr. Svel. You want to answer it? Mr. Svel. You work for us. Mr. Svel. You work for us. You are an umpire in baseball. You are in charge of making sure