them schematic ideas because they're very early on and hopefully it'll spawn some some reaction to build on so let's start with the little history this is an 1871 map I asked for the oldest map that we could find and I was surprised to find one this old 1871 it essentially shows toward the bottom of that map it shows where the church the church property the church of the somewhat I don't remember the name of donated property to the church it's one of the oldest Catholic churches in Lafayette parish and then it shows the streets that were existing at that time in 1871 and so not very many what what we now call and what was called then at that time Lafayette street there's a street called glorious street towards the top I don't think that street is was certainly not named glory anymore I guess is probably our burial street today and then church street towards right right just north of the church property and and at the top at the very top you can see you may be able to see I'm not sure how well you can read it but it says it's town of Royville at that time that this area was called Royville this was before it was incorporated into a municipality it was known as Royville the next map that I have is also you know what back was there it's also an old map but it's it's it's labeled at the top the corporation of Young'sville Louisiana and so this was when Young'sville became became incorporated 1907 and it shows more streets it shows the streets that we're going to talk about tonight it shows it still shows a church property that helped orient you and then to the west of that it shows church street but then it shows four east west streets so what we now know know as avenue a is shown there's not labeled but it's avenue a then there's an avenue b which in those days did not go all the way west and then there's two more streets so I would assume maybe someone had intended those to be avenue c and d but they'd never got developed that was in 1907 so this is what we call a quad map actually this quad map is much larger so I only cut out a small portion of the quad map. This is the site Mordenville quad map. And it is the oldest quad map that I could find. And it shows what youngsters will look like in 1939. It shows Avenue A, Avenue B, the church street. Does end this next map is a blow up. So, let me just get out here. Yeah, this is the map that I just showed you. There's a lot of it. I love maps, by the way. Again, I can spend a weekend looking at maps. Because in this map it shows the area we're going