don't have that. So, you would fall into the city ordinance. Which that currently gets adhered to. But as far as you want to know what's... When's it going to stop? I guess my question to you would be is, well, it's the 12th of here tonight is what do you want to see? Because if it's... If it's you want it to stop, then what do you intend to go into that place? Because if it's nothing, then it's just a vacant lot. But if you want to see something, then what is that something? It's... I mean, I don't want it being something, but say, for instance, down the street where my mama lives, in the back part, the yard, he wanted to put three there. If he wanted to put like three, what it would, I guess, the little duplex. Correct. Three individual homes. Okay, I get it that you have to put something there. But why it has to be something such of a large magnitude and to call us so much traffic? That's what I'm just saying. I mean, why? Just like at the... I don't know what they're going to do with the corner. Probably for the same reason that no one's bought that lot since I was a child and walk into Grantee London and hasn't developed it since then. Yeah, the one that's over there. There's no... There is no one who has the monetary or the funds to be able to develop this property to what they want. And if they did, then they would have done it by now. Or someone in there would have... What are you talking about? Any of them. Any vacant lot that's either been acquired by the city or has sat and stagnant vacant since even I was a kid. And there was a mobile home put on it and then it was hauled off and then it just sat overgrown and sat stagnant. Which to me, that's negative on you. Like on Yols, you know, in the neighborhood, I don't want y'all to have a negative outlook or an overgrown lot to just be overgrown and sitting stagnant. That shouldn't take place in that historical district. So for me, when we hear a lot about, we want it to stop, it's like, well, okay, well, let's stop then, but what do you want to happen? And like I said, I don't want progress. You have to. But I'm just saying, if you're going to put something there, that's fine. But then again, it's like... Like I said, when they come and they want to develop something, it's not something that's just minimal. Everything is just on a grand scale. You know better than I do. You know that's traffic and like, or and then how's it going to be on the corner? You tell me, Lindy, how's it going to be? Well, thankfully with our Olinia Sortins, everything requires a drainage study and a