My, uh, monthly suggestion would be the beginning of the lineup. You know, showing up there, you know, significantly early. Just kind of starts things maybe a little bit earlier than what you need to. Maybe we can do it the line up, you know, something to consider. I'm not complaining. Hey, Mortigross starts at 6 a.m. Right. I'm not going to start to 6 a.m. But, uh, just to maybe make it a little flow a little easier. So, but other than that, we had a great time and we're hoping to do it again next year as well. Appreciate it. So thank you so much. You have a great job. Thank you, Charles. How are you doing? My name is Mark. I brought it. As far as, you know, we still feel the old parade went through young. We feel there's new route. Basically, you've taken a parade out of young. Is the plan to maintain the path that you're on now and no longer going through old youngsville? Well, we, I think we're going to have to, of course, have some discussion. You know, we have it. The only conversations we've had thus far was really to debrief on the last parade. What worked right? Where do we feel we still had opportunity? Tonight was a critical path for us before we'd make any decisions. Moving forward, I mean, I have some comments. I'll probably make of my own, but certainly wanted to, you know, be respectful and hear everyone's feedback first. We missed the old parade. We missed it coming through old youngsville. That's all we've known. His, you know, history of having a parade through town. Yes. So we hold it in our regard. We just wanted to pass it. If you're looking for feedback. Yes. We hold it in our regard. Appreciate it. Thank you, Mr. Horn. Jason Harwick, I live on the parade route. It wasn't a big deal to walk the extra block to I be area street to enjoy the parade. But I do find it a little hypocritical that we spent all the money on the beautification of the church street and put up the signage from Mardi Gras and it didn't even go down. So that was kind of an upsetting and we see it every day. So it was kind of that's it. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate that. Hi, Misty. I'm Diana Montgomery. And I wanted to give my observation. Is that Chairman Mettery, where Van Allen is, right? I noticed on the barriers kids stand on the barriers. Well, the large trucks, the 18 lillers, as the other fellow was saying, the mirrors almost hit children in the head. And again, you know, taking the parade out of the village, I feel like people were on the sidewalks out of the street. So even with the barriers near the street on church street, people weren't in that much danger. Also concerns of the village people.