Board. Council, I put this on the agenda tonight simply as an FYI to make you aware because the Young'sville Civil Service Board is allowed to make modifications to the leave policy, including paid and unpaid time off for classified positions in the Young'sville Police Department. So recently, the Young'sville Civil Service Board met and there was an adjustment made to vacation days. So I'm not requesting any action from this evening. I'm just letting you know that it may be something that we have to bring back at a later date for a potential budget modification if it's necessary. The change in vacation, basically there's a state laws, my appreciation, that officers have to get 15 days of vacation. And now that we're classified as a large municipality in the Louisiana Police Civil Service statute, so we were previously at 144 hours. The state civil service board made a modification to move that to 180 for one to five years of employment. And the other change that I see that took place at that time was administrative employees. Their vacation hours were increased from 96 to 180, six or more years, 144 to 216. So in essence, my appreciation of it is everyone is the same across the board with it now. It's kind of hard to quantify what that could potentially be, which is why I don't have a specific of you this evening other than just to share it with you in that that's an area that will monitor and see if it needs to be, if we need to make modifications to that particular line in the budget in future months as we progress further into the fiscal year. Mr. Bulljana. Yeah, I had a question. Chief, the vacation hours for the police officers. I was looking at the civil service laws compared to what our fire service law or I know ours is slightly different. We're at 219. This is 216. So I can understand the increase to be more compliant, us per the law. But I had called some other agencies in the area comparison to us. And no one that I found in the comparison to the far from as well, the admin hours is matching the officers almost identical as far as the vacation is every reason why. I don't. As far as the just the admin hours. Yeah, like they're basically it removes the incentive to be an officer. All together. I mean at the other point the hours of vacation being implied towards an administrative position is going to replicate identical to the officer. So your administrative position, whatever we're talking about, like a detective, right. There are eight hours, which is the reason we matched the time because if we had a situation when I got here where we had a detective that was an eight hour employee that went to patrol. Right. So that's why we just went 180 across the board. It's not about really incentive for