to support teachers. I want to support families. There needs to be accountability among all personnel of our school system because accountability leads to character and integrity and those are very important to me. You've got to do what you say you're going to do follow through with it so that the people that are there know what you stand for. We need unity among all of our board members so that we can agree on what's best for not only Young'sville, Milton, Bruisart, but the parish, but we also need support from the community. I mean everything that we do in our schools need the community to be able to be a part of it because if the community is behind it, it's going to be stronger. And I know with that when we get to where our community is able to be a part of our education system and we can strengthen the families within that when our families win, our communities win, and our communities win by the great education that we can provide for them and that's what I want to be able to help do. Thank you for letting me share. Absolutely best of luck to you. Thank you so much. And best of luck to all the candidates. I just want to give a special recognition to our sheriff Mark Arbor. He was elected again with no opposition. And in the qualifying as well as our new senator, a leg Jean Paul Cruzone. So proud of both of them and looking forward to serving. And of course our own council member looking forward to having support on the campaign trail. So all right, moving along a gin item 4.1 approval of July 13, 2023 meeting minutes. All right, I have a motion by Mr. Romero, second by Mr. Stansberry. Are there any comments related to the approval of the minutes? All right, hearing none. Let's see. I think we're doing. Let me. Thank you. You doing it. Any comments council members? No comment. All right. I had to clear the key first. I think. All right. We had a motion a second and please vote. All in favor. Motion approved. All right. Thank you. Ms. Gidry. You're moving ahead to finance reports. A gin item 5.1 approval of the June 2023 finance reports. All right. Motion by Mr. Stansberry. And a second by council member Romero. Any comments? Mr. Romero. Mr. Stansberry. All right. Hearing none. Any public comment? Yes, sir. Please come forward. I'll be right back. Are you guys and ladies doing tonight? Thanks for letting me speak. Tonight we are talking about the approval of June financial reports. Can you guys give me a little background of what y'all done to prove that that financial report is right? What's the steps that we've taken inside the board? Who is looked at it? Which one of y'all going over the notes? Which one is checked anything? Anybody? I think you have a