you doing, sir? Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. Mr. Comma, right? Okay. Good to see you. I'm sorry. I didn't realize I had another councilor buzz in and then I'll come right back to you, sir. Mr. Bulljana. I think I'm going to appreciate that and want to invest in our community and offer some diversified rentals or livable spaces for our residents or future residents. Simone, I just wanted to ask. So you said you'd offer them or possibly build a new home or a future home there. But I don't know that any new home or single home is going to fit in with the downtown district and itself. So I guess I'm just trying to maybe maybe that's some discussion that we need to have as far as where do we want to see our community grow even though it's a downtown district and we want to preserve that. If the if the lots and the homes there not being preserved and maybe in the aspect that we're wanting or how we envision it, how do we how do we expect future business developers to come in and want to invest in our community. I agree with you. One idea I thought of possibly was the fact that we could engage our historical we have a historical committee now and we could engage our historical committee when you talk about not fitting in this does not fit in with the downtown of what I know downtown to be and what I think our homeowners want it to be. So my suggestion would be to engage our historical committee and just ask them because I do believe we need a vision for downtown to keep that historically sound. We have ordinances in place that if the yards and not the homes and not kept and don't I think is doing a wonderful job of that and making sure that then the homeowners are contacted to help start preserving those. I mean it's not perfect but I think she works hard but this is just not something that I know I want to say I would love to hear from the people that live in that neighborhood and see what they think. But to me this is not preserving the history not only is it not preserving the history we are adding six units or four or five units two cars with each unit more people more tightly together in other areas of the city. So the city I can I can see that happening I mean sugar mopons doing it but they already allow for reduced said back to be in a traditional neighborhood. This is not a traditional neighborhood this I call a historic neighborhood. So I do think that we need to do something to make sure that we are in line with the vision of what the city and the city so all we always talk about our historical downtown. We look at all the work