asphalt on the road. So Pam will probably comment about it maybe in her update. So, please have another project complete. Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. Mr. St. Vary? Yes. Mr. Schubert. Mr. Raeo? Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Stolmero? Yes. All right. Council, the next two are related. You asked me at a previous meeting to research some opportunities to house our historic society. So, I have had those discussions with the Chamber Board of Directors about there. In the future, we do have a lease agreement with them at 305, sorry, 307 Iberia Street currently. But what I'm proposing with your authorization here is to allow me to negotiate a new lease agreement for the Chamber of Commerce to occupy space at our now City Hall Annex building. And that would open up the opportunity to house the Young's Will Historic Society at 307 Iberia, which houses the Young's Will Chamber of Commerce today. I think it presents a great opportunity. I think we all saw the need when we heard from the Historic Society, we recognized the work that they're doing. We just weren't ready to make the commitment to give them space in a house that's where we left it in the public's view. We were looking at a house to house the Historic Society. So the direction, the consensus of the Council, you know, in individual conversations since then, was that what we wanted to provide a space for them, we wanted to utilize the resource, the assets that we have, at least in the short term. So I mean, this, if successfully passed tonight, we'll allow me to negotiate the agreement with both of them. I haven't discussed a particular way about what our ability is for the Historic Society, so what I'm looking to do is really just move the Chamber of Commerce into really my old office next door, still have, and with daytime use of the Council Chamber, we'd still have nighttime use for civic associations of the Council room, which is the same as the way we operated it when we had City Hall there. Keep their rent flat will be my proposal. And then the Historic Society, negotiate with them to what I'm going to initially propose is perhaps a two-year agreement for the Historic Society, very minimal, whatever we can legally do, minimal, least cost, so that way they are able to get established, come up with their business plan, and then I think, you know, what we've seen them do in two years, if history repeats itself. I think that, you know, we'll have a pretty clear direction on where they're wanting to go, you know, for their future. So the first agenda, I'm going to mis 5.3 resolution 20, 20, 306 resolution authorizing the mayor of the City of Young's Wood and the Gochita lease agreement with the Young's or Historical Preservation Society for the lease of city property located at 307 Iberia Street and