units. It has served us purpose. We purchased this vehicle used and right now it has a total of 174,170 miles on it. Right now, at least once a month, we're sending it to the shop to be repaired. So right now it's costing us more money to try to keep this vehicle running than the cost of purchasing a new vehicle. So that's why I'm here before you today. So I'll have any questions. I'll be willing to answer. What are you looking at purchasing, gay? What kind of vehicle? I'm in Christlet 300. Okay. That was the cheapest one that we could find because I did my research. I wanted to keep it as low as possible. The actual cost of the vehicle is 34,489,44 cents and then to equip it with the emergency equipment will not be 5,199,95 cents. You quite a minute. I'm just jumping on. Deputy Chief, do you have any extra vehicles right now? Do you have any vehicles that are just sitting or don't say just sitting, but extra vehicles that they could use right now? Again, this is an unmarked police vehicle. If you go out into the parking lot and you look at the little blue shaft and pallet that's on the lot, that's our backup unit right now for detectives. And that one is in the worst and the one that we're talking about now. And I have a concern about appropriating money for a vehicle right now when we're getting ready to get in the budget process. So I guess my question would be to Ben, when are you going to start meeting with the departments on the new budget? Because we'll be voting on that in June? It'll be early made before we actually get to that point. Okay. What early made you? Right. And another reason why I'm actually asking for it now, prior to that, is because if we wait as the mayor of probably going to test, it took us a year and a month to get the last unmarked vehicle in, which was a pickup truck. So if we don't do it now and not trying to put any pressure on you, we're going to be in that same position and again we're going to start costing us more money is again to keep this vehicle operation. I'll make a motion to amend the motion. I'm on a 40,000. And motion by Councilman Boljano is there a second on the motion? All right. Motion fails for a lack of a second. Well, I did have a question. I just need some clarification. Just says it. Is it done? Well, I mean, I'm fine with it. Deputy chief, what's the cost right now? You said every month you're incurring costs. Yes, we're spending between 800 to $1200 a month to keep the vehicle running. What are the maintenance? Engine failure. Engine failure. And right now the transmission is beginning to slip. So. Are there just