open the floor for any public comment relative to the increased milled rates. Is there any public comment related to the increased milled rates? Okay, at this time there's no public comment related to the increased milled rates. So I'll adjourn the public hearing. All right. All right. Okay. All in favor? All right. Public hearings adjourn. All right. Good evening again September 12, 2024. Tonight is the regular meeting for the Youngsville Mayor and City Council for our invocation this evening. I'd like to ask Pastor Travis Minick to lead us in the invocation. And then if you remain standing our pledge of allegiance to this evening is going to be led by some special guests in the audience this evening, which is our girl scout troop number 239. Pastor, thanks for being here. Sorry. About the heads. Well, we know that wisdom begins with the fear of you. And Lord tonight, we just invite you into these meetings tonight or give us wisdom and knowledge in leading this city or help the men and women. Or as they guide under your direction tonight. Well, we thank you for meeting us here. And we pray all this new blessed holiday. Amen. Amen. Yeah. Yeah. You're welcome to come up front if you'd like. Yeah. Shelby, I assume since it's you want to do it in the microphone. If you want. Yeah. Whenever you're ready. I pledge allegiance to the flag as the United States of America into the equivalent for which is stand on the nation under God. In the visible and evenly injustice for all. Great job. And it was a pleasure having you visit city hall today. So at our schools, we do it in Spanish. Oh, OK. Well, we're off. Well, I'm not surprised. But thank you for being here this evening. Miss Kidry, would you please call the roll? Miss Faris, here. Mr. Volgiano, here. Mr. Romero, here. Miss Cree, here. Miss Yonfayne, here. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, this evening we had the opportunity to, of course, you just heard the pledge led by our wonderful Girl Scout troops 239. I just want to commend you for all the great things that are taking place with your leadership. We're looking forward to the cookie sale that's coming up. I forgot to ask if there's any new flavors this year. But I have a feeling you may have told me if there were. So from. Mom, it's one kill. OK. Well, for members of the public, the troop was learning about civics. There's citizenship, badge, I guess it is. And this evening we walked through a, from a, from what a concept to how the ordinance was passed. So it was, we had some really good public comment about it. And I know, on behalf of my colleagues on the council, we enjoyed having you here this evening. So thanks for sharing the afternoon with us before the meeting. And we look forward to