I assume that it would comply with that. But the particular provision that this would be in conflict of is that the code of ordinance requires a 30 foot enhanced setback in all four locations of the proposed mobile home. On the on the graphic that I think we have for you Nicole circled the location the tax assessor sites actually a little bit dated. And so the where it circled is the desired location for Mrs. Appshar. As she said, there's not one there now. And if one would be placed there now, it would be in conflict of the 30 foot setback requirement, mostly because of the I guess the set the southern and then the the eastern property lines because it would have to be 30 feet from each of those two property lines. And there is no conflict necessarily next to her house or we didn't measure it off of off of the road in that particular direction that way. Yeah, I'm looking at the updated on Google maps and the even if I'm I mean, if this is involving any other mobile home, it looks like they wouldn't even meet the criteria either. As far as the the right of ways like none of the other current ones that are there now wouldn't meet the right of ways either. Yeah, the difference with the neighboring property that's ruby deans mobile home park that that we currently have classified. You know, we know that that's the use there. So if if if one were to come out of ruby deans mobile home park. The only requirement in that case, I believe would be that it would have to be the age requirement of 10 years or less because that we know that property, you know, is already kind of it's already designated that that's the use there. And the only area is the ones connected to instrument now a bear in them because all the rest it's all family property. So 30 feet from me to my brother's house to the road. It's all family so that we have no problem. You know, we're fun. It's always been never had a trouble with Elton or even either, but I know there's a law or whatever else said with a 30 feet and there's not 30 feet there. And I'm asking if that could be. Miss Champagne. Thank you, Mayor. Mayor, can you remind us vaguely remember what do we do with the dogs alone because wasn't there. I wasn't on the council then, but I worked for you. We're louder. There was a setback on a side variance. But as our variance was. I'm a stake in, well, you know, I don't even have to let me defer to Pam. I'm sorry, Pam. And I, the mayor and I always pick about my memory when the salon to Champagne and they wanted to add while it was a, I'm going to call it a manufactured building