council, I did a spoke with Blair with with the youngsville fire department. As far as condition 15 in the ADRC report, as far as the street frontage, if I can pull up the plate here. This is the area that's in question. These lots have a linear park that goes in front of them. There's not direct street frontage. There's an alleyway in the back. So what Blair had recommended was that if we approve this waiver, he would like to require that the developer is required to put a fire hydrant at either side of the common area on each side. Thank you, Clint. And as part of that conversation with chief Rivera, I support a waiving condition 15 of the AR, AR DC. At the time of clint, so letter, we had not had an opportunity to talk to to the fire department. I don't have any concern from a connectivity standpoint, relate it. This particular area of the development, Mr. Dagle and I have been working on areas that we feel we should have better connectivity. This was not really one of them. So that left for me the pending issue was really just about fire and being being able to have access and just equipping our first responders with the right equipment. We talked about other situations in our city where we have similar situations. I mean, there's one there are some homes on shore drive that front, the St. Jude Park that is on the map right there. I mean, just as look, I guess has it there one of those homes did have a fire on them. So we have a little bit of experience from knowing what how can we be best positioned to fight a fire in that situation. So it was my appreciation that if we have a fire hydrant that's accessible nearby normally there's a standard of 500 feet. But if we put ourselves on a situation when there's a fire hydrant adjacent to the green space, that's one less thing that can derail the response time and have them with their best foot forward. Anyway, in some way I support the waiver of condition 15 that was left a little bit ambiguous and cleanse letter to the council. But besides that, I mean, it's a it's a continuation of the master plan of sugarmobime Mr. Dagels here. If you have any comments that already anything that you'd like to address of him, Robert, you're welcome to address the council. I apologize. I've got a little head cold. So hopefully you can understand me, but I want to start by saying how unbelievably impressed I am with City Hall. I got to tell you it's over the top and proud to see it happen. I remember years ago we offered to build you a little city hall in Chigamil pond. So you were probably made a good decision in rejecting our offer, but could could as to you folks.