officer and Catherine Greg as your chief financial officer. Thank you Miss Shampine as someone who knows the job very well I appreciate that you appreciate your vote of confidence Mr. Bull's Janos seconds you comment? Well also Terry Terry it's been a pleasure to work with you thus far in both aspects of public service the fire department and on council. Terry's going to do a phenomenal job in this role he's done in the beginning all the way from public works from growing our public works department creating jobs different avenues that we can get a lot of things done in house versus having an outsourced. Terry has a passion with with a lot of our holiday events and I think his partnership and that it's truly bringing a lot of things to light and I'm excited about the the future endeavors we're gonna we're gonna go into that and Catherine spent a pleasure to have you so far and I'm looking forward to the working relationship and you're knowledge to address some maybe sell myself because that's probably my only flaw in life is Excel so I'll look to Catherine for some lessons. All right thank you Mr. Bull's Janos any other council comments or questions any public comment well lastly I just want to say that to the employees of the Young's Little City government these appointments are really a testament to my confidence in you as well because we I wanted to take time to make these appointments as I've done previously because it's important as we continue to grow that we're not necessarily growing government and size notice these are working within positions that we already have but you know the the needs of the employees the needs of our community and frankly the needs of a support team for myself evolve and change so it's because of your confidence and your abilities as supervisors as leaders and as employees of the city that I'm proud to to present to people from within your team so all right there's no other comment the schedule please open the vote. All right agenda item 6.3 to discuss amending the 2023 2024 police department budget to increase the pay of the civil service secretary from $350 to $600 per month which would be retroactive to August 1st 2023 and council I just want to point out the civil service chairperson is here Miss Dawn fornier as well as the secretary Miss Laurie Seguire so the minutes of the meeting are inside of the packet from that civil service meeting because it because those minutes arrived to us after the budget process I felt it was incumbent to route it to the council for the appropriate appropriation. All right Mr. Stansbury is it on? Okay could we get more clarification or justification for this move Miss fornier would you mind just talking a little bit more about I did read the minutes but it's a big jump from