Absolutely, absolutely, whatever you guys need. Okay, we'll be in touch. Thank you. Thank you. All right agenda item 6.2 is to discuss and consider a mini the 2024 2025 sports complex fund budget in the amount approximate of 126,000 for bridge repairs and bulkheading at the sports complex. I'll just maybe speak to it high level and I think Terry can certainly comment more Tim as well. Council in the budget there's 60,000 that you've approved in the budget for replacing the wood decking of the bridge that goes from the soccer parking lot into the soccer fields. So what we would like to do is replace it with a composite material on the bridge. We'd put a placeholder of 60,000 at the time. That quote has come in for more. But then also once the contractor was out and under further review there, there's some deterioration below the bridge that Terry's recommending with the contractor that we do a bulkhead, basically under the bridge to help shore up the supporting of the bridge. And that's what the request is tonight and that's what the additional 126,000 would be the replacement of the composite bridge decking. And I think is it just the decking or is it more than that, do you all know? I think it's pretty much all the decking. Okay, the decking. And Terry, you're welcome. So what we're gonna do is actually replace the decking with the composite similar to the walk in path here by the horse arena. And that kind of gets rid of your maintenance throughout. If not you go with wood, you're gonna have to treat it every year, you got to make sure you're rotting this and that. So it's a better application. So basically, I don't wanna say maintenance free because nothing's maintenance free, but the life of it's gonna be a lot longer. The bulkheading is because what's going on is a lot of erosion on that pond throughout. So underneath the bridge you have, even though you have structurally some, but as you get off the bridge, the concrete part, you're losing all the dirt underneath it. It's eroded away. So we have to put a bulkheading to reclaim that and get it back as a, you know, to where it's safe to cross. So that's the additional cost. So what's the total? The total, well, we have 60 budgeted and we're asking for additional 126. So my appreciation is that it would be the sum of those two. Okay. So the request tonight is to supplement the budget of 126,000. The goal with your approval would be, Tim's identified some time that would be least disruptive. I think which would be November to January timeframe. And that's the conversations that they're having with your approval, and they would move forward with getting all the work done, you know, at the same time. Okay. Ms. Champagne. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you, ma'am. Is there a