more calls than ever. In almost what, eight and a half years. And we felt like this was the good step. And look, to clear you, this is an opportunity to clear what's going on. You come back, hey, nothing's wrong. We're all good. We move forward. This wasn't a witch hunt. This was to regain the confidence of our citizens. We needed to do this. I believe we need to do this because we haven't voted yet. I believe we need to do this. They deserve it. The rest of our citizens citizens that are not here deserve it. It's not, it's not personal. Well, it's very hard to believe that because behind closed doors, it was said that this council would not be satisfied with just Miss Rales resignation. That's incorrect. Incorrect here too. I never said that. But I never said that. One did. And it was overheard. And with that, I told you, I thought it was in your best interest to resign Ricky. But so we're clear of the room. Well, you know what? You've made the same kind of mistake as she did. And so you should resign. How about that? Lindy. Sure. I just want to make it on public record that everyone knows that he is publicly intimidating a public official. Clear his day. I'm not doing this to chastise, to crucify the chief of police at the city of Youngsville. We're doing this because it's the right thing to do. When people bring things to our attention and they are of utmost necessity to be looked into, it's not my job to dictate whether he is in the wrong or the right. It's my job to bring it to light and to have it investigated at the most of the best ability of who could be put in that position. I'm not, I'm not going digging through the PD and chief's business. That's for someone else to do. It's my job to bring it to light an hour job. But if you continue to public intend and make me breaking, that's a legal problem when you're own, not mine. Mayor. Can I speak? Mayor. Can I speak? Miss Sean Hines. Thank you. Well, first of all, I'd like to thank everyone in this room for coming out tonight. I'd also like to thank the hundreds of people that email, just call, just text us at our here tonight that maybe watching online and streaming. This is what helps democracy. This is what drives good policy. We are up here because you elected us to be up here to make these decisions. You can't be weak to be up here. You have to be strong. You have to be brave. You have to be able to sit back and listen to attacks and public intimidation. And still move forward and do what's in the best interest of you, the public. That's what we're doing here tonight. I'm glad to hear that Chief