whether the Lawerson Act allows the investigation to be conducted. All right. Thank you, Mr. Traum. All right. Moving to ordinances for final adoption, a genitim 7.1 is ordinance 483-2023, a fifth supplemental bond ordinance, supplementing ordinance 2013-01, the general bond ordinance to provide for the sale and delivery of not exceeding $14 million of recreational facility sales tax revenue bond series 2023 of the Youngsville Sales Tax District number one state of Louisiana pursuant to the general bond ordinance and providing for other matters in connection therewith. I would like to recognize Mr. Sean Tubes who is with government consultants. He is our financial advisor. He works with Jason Acres who is our bond in attorney who would normally be here. And you're probably also recalled David Medlin who is now retired with government consultants. But Sean is taking over the account from David and is working in conjunction with Jason Acres. So Sean, thanks for your patience for being here this evening. Yeah, you should, David, you should be one of my clients. I convinced him to come work with me and then he retired. So, we're glad to be here. Good evening. As the mayor said, this is the supplemental ordinance which authorizes the sale of the additional $14 million bonds, which is the last portion of the $19 million originally approved a couple of years ago. The expectation is we're going to speak with the rate and age. She's creating agencies next week. We'll begin putting an offering document together. We hope to have a bond sale in end of May, first part of June. Sorry. It's obviously making sure. Maybe not being talking about it. And in the May, first part of June is the schedule to have bonds. We then have funds available by mid to late June. And Council, as you know, this is for the sports complex expansion. You've already entered into 5 million of bonds for the property acquisition and then the additional funds at that time were used for the turf at the, as young as well sports complex part to the Alabama UL game. So this is the additional $14 million. We'll hear from Stewart from JB Mootons here. So we'll hear a little bit about an update on it, but this is right where we want it to be moving the funds forward for June closing. So. Move forward, final adoption. The hold in December 483. May 3rd. All right. Thank you, Mr. Volgiano. So motion by Mr. Volgiano. Second. Second. Second by Mayor Proton Romero. Is there any council discussion? All right. Is there any public feedback or comment? All right. Thank you. Thank you, Sean. All right. If hearing none, I'll call the role division E. Miss Champagne. Yes. Thank you. Division V. Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Division D. Mr. Stansbury. Yes. Division A. Mr. Lenny. Yes. Yes. All right. Thank you, Council. We'll get forward moving ahead on that. All right. Next time, so for a