you I'm going to be doing this. I'm going to be doing this. I'm going to be doing this. All right. Good evening, everyone. Welcome. Thursday, November 9, 2023. The time is 6 p.m. We welcome you to Young Zools Municipal Complex. I'd like to invite Pastor Andy Manning of the church, a church of KDiana to lead us in our invocation. And then if you remain standing, our pledge this evening is going to be led by councilmember Andy Bolgiano, Pastor Welcome Sir. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, this time of year reminds us to be thankful for the many blessings which you have bestowed upon us. We thank you for sending your son Jesus to save us from sin. We thank you for the United States of America, for those who founded it and for those who have given their lives to protect it. We thank you for our civil liberties, for religious liberty, freedom of speech, for the right to bear arms. We thank you for a strong and effective government which works to protect those liberties. Father this evening we pray for our city council. Please give him wisdom, knowledge and understanding as they make decisions and solve problems for our community. Please help them to seek first the wisdom that you have given us in the Bible. Please help them to adopt the same attitude as that of Christ Jesus, assuming the form of a servant. Please help them to get along with each other so that they can get things done. Father please bless the city of young zeal. Please bless us with your shalom, peace and prosperity which only you can give. And please bless the United States of America. And most importantly Lord, thy kingdom come. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. And Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. I put the guidance of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands. One Nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Mr. Gidry please call the roll. This far is here. Mr. Volgiano. Here. Mr. Romero. Here. Three here. Mr. Shalpani. Here. Thank you. All right. Well, I want to be among the first to welcome councilmember Barrez back to her first city council meeting since winning her election. Pleasure to have you back on the day. Ms. Barrez and look forward to working with you. And then also one acknowledge our newest councilmember councilmember Creed. Thank you for volunteering to serve and look forward to collaborating and working together on all the issues before. So welcome. Happy to have you here this evening. All right. And you know, item 3.1 approval of October 12, 2023 meeting minutes. All right. Motion by Mr. Volgiano. In a second by councilmember Romero. Councilmember is any comments or questions? Okay. Any public comment? Yes. Sorry. Six point four discussion meeting on the budget for $4,000 for you. And I think Simone at that point