council here because of the location where that where it is next to an existing business it's on a great road. I don't know I also think it's a great house and I know you have a pool and other things so how long have you been on the market. Probably now about six months been with the real to for about four. It's not. Maybe have people looking but. As a materialized it. Yeah so okay so if I do zone for business I come back and present the city. Well the scenario I mean I like tell me if you all object but I think they possibly could be an appetite you know for that I mean you know as well because I think you're in a location that could favor that as well. I mean business does have there is a buffer requirement with that as well so I don't want to mislead you but. Right and what do I find this out to the all well I can we I can work with you on that I mean if there's a prospect what I would do is have your real to perhaps updated and say that it's a residential could be. Possibly possibly a business as well you know contact for more information something like you know something to that. Because the proximity to the dance studio into the to the you know maybe that would open it up to other you know scenarios it could be an I don't know insurance office it could be other another use I never thought of it until you just mentioned. Yeah well I thought I just want to do with my mother right there but I mean we have the beauty shop we have the dog shop we have the VFW we have more bonds. I mean that business company everybody. Okay well I appreciate your time thank you miss mom thank you thank you thank you. Right a gin item 7.2 our lobbyist is here this evening Mr. Burrell he was we asked him our heat he actually asked to come and give us an update on the most recent legislative session as I know. Josh represents our interest in in Baton Rouge not just during the legislative session primarily during the legislative session but year round. Thanks for being here. Yeah thank you mayor and thank you council members most of you may know me but my name is Josh Burrell owner and operator state government relations. I have over 20 years of experience in a legislature working the legislature at the Capitol and 12 years as a lobbyist worked with Simone while she was a state rep there years back but I provided a handout to everyone. These were the projects that were passed in H.B. 2 this session as you can see there's two or six eight projects here ranging from Fortune Road the fire station. Jim and Metta Parkway which the mayor and