any residential property boundary. So it is, I think at this point worth noting that there is of the two food trucks that I mentioned, if the, if Casey, if your food truck is parked in the you can in a minute, we'll be loved to hear. If your food truck is parked where we discussed, this, this is no problem. So you're welcome to, this ordinance is geared towards you parking it at the road next to the song. So the other food truck that's on Vera would still be, is still permissible in this as well. So this is anything, and it has to be, I think it discusses. Sorry, part of service for us. So this would be great with Martin, so it'll be with Martigraw coming up if we have anybody. Yeah, Martin. So Marty Gral would be handled under, especially then permit. So there are, there has been some, you know, there is interest in that. You know, so those will be considered, you know, as they come up. Sure, Mayor, I do have a question. You know, someone drives a food truck in and they don't know about this. Right. I mean, how, how are we going to know? I know this is administrative, but I just want to have sure, I do. Yeah, well, I think what would, what that would look like? I mean, if this is adopted, what that would look like is our code enforcement would pay a visit to that food truck and just get them up to speed on the process. I think, I think the intention of this is to allow there to be a mechanism for food trucks to conduct business in the city of Youngsville. There's, we're not, there was no intention from this drafting of the ordinance to exclude the operation of food trucks. This is basically consistent with the land use discussion that we had earlier. And just to say where are the permissible locations for food truck operation? The main caveat of this is that it has to be 150 feet from a residential property line. I'm sorry, and I also, the one other piece was a hundred feet from the front door of a food establishment. So it's basically just providing a very basic premise where there is a, there is a, there is a way to operate a food truck in Youngsville by just meeting a couple of metrics. It's not to say it's not to hinder it. That would have been much easier to do. You know, it would have been much easier to do simply at your direction by saying you want to ban food trucks. You could have pulled out a piece of loose leaf and had that passed, you know, are already. So, Mayor, I guess my concern is that, you know, technically someone pulls into houses and they have permission, but they're not, they didn't do the permit. That could be a violation. Right. That