you guys have put into place. And along Griffin Road as well, there would be more industrial sector type buildings, which Griffin Road is I understand is still zone four, but behind that be storage facility. So, and remain that way. Any questions from Mr. Hoover, Ms. Shampon? I don't have a question for him, but nice to meet you. I do have a question for Klan after. I really like the idea of what you're doing in the frontage. You know, so hopefully that phase will come pretty soon. It really upgrades the area and it makes sense. But I have a question to Clint. The variance, it's not a variance from the commercial development code, right? They still have to apply, well, the drainage component, and all, only because there's always been a big drainage problem, which I'm sure you'll aware of. Yes, so they are exempt from chapter one of seven, being that they're on Griffin Road. But, you know, the chapter 150 for like a stormwater, they will still have to give me, you know, like building plans for our building inspector and that he has to inspect, but also have to have a set of civil plans that'll go through their drainage as well. Because there will be an offset and drainage. He has a lot of limestone here, but he's adding like building plans. So there's an offset in that rate of the flow. So, right. Yes, so variance tonight is only for allowing them to place it here. Okay, awesome. Thank you. Thank you. All right, any other council comments? Any questioning from members of the comment from members of the public? All right, so the request is for a variance to section 135, section P. What's the measure of the council? Motion to approve. All right, thank you. Motion to approve the variance from Ms. Shampaan. Second. Second by Mr. Lennon. Any other comments? Okay, please call the vote for the variance. Ms. Gidry. Ms. Shampa? Yes. Mr. Lennon. Yes. Mr. Volgiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Staines, very. Yes. I'm sure it's true. All right, Alex. Thank you so much. And we'll continue working with you through Clinton's office to get you set up there. I appreciate the investments, sir. All right, 4.3. Courtney Myers is here this evening to request a variance for the expansion of Gray Siege at Jitsu Young'sville to continue the current facade and allow additional limestone parking to his property on Church Street. If I can speak with the passion you got, so not that Alex didn't have any. You tell your story better than anybody, so. Well, we're growing. And thank you guys for having us. And thank you for everyone that I reached out to responding back and trying to help expedite this. We are growing at a rapid rate. I knew it was coming, so we were kind of forecasting for it. And now we're trying to accommodate parking and the expansion of