saw a newspaper article that said council meeting is such and such a time but I want to know that we investigated it without anything other than read the newspaper or look at a video on the internet. That's the question. Now you are obviously not going to answer it as you said to the previous gentleman. Nevertheless that's a valid question that I thank everyone wishes to have answered. My next comment is what are the available options after the so-called independent investigation? We'll address these comments. I don't want to address it now. Sir, if you'd like. Well what about my first question? I think that's the one that I think drives most of it. I'm sorry would you repeat your first question? All right. What has the council? I remember it. Excuse me. I do remember it. There have been several comments brought to I think the attention of this governing authority that field there are serious concerns. And so I think without speaking for the council that is what prompted this resolution. Your second question was what now? Well see that that that doesn't answer me sir. You need to say the council is aware that A happened, B happened, C happened. Therefore we have this meeting there are more than A, B and C or whatever. And there are significant issues that have been brought to the attention of this council. I am trying to protect the integrity of this investigation. And so my response to you is how is it going to work? It's going to work where this law firm comes in, whoever this council decides to hire, they're going to conduct interviews of all the police officers. I anticipate them doing that. I don't know what what the exact procedure of each firm employs, but they're going to conduct interviews and they're going to do an investigation. They're going to come back with a report to us or the council. And the council at that point in time will decide whether there's any serious violations, whether there's any ethics violations or anything of that sort. There may be none. And at that point the council can decide what they want to do with the information that's been provided. All right. I understand that. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you, Miss Damon. Mr. Butch, Landry. Yes, sir. Demetrius Stewart. Good evening, everybody. So I appreciate the council. I appreciate everything you all have done for the community of Youngsville. We started off. I'm the one's judge, jury execution or a thing to the day. And I only know one side of the sort from what I've seen on the news, what I follow on social media. I'm not here to discuss any of that. For me, it's more of the accountability piece. The winning back to community trust at the end of the day because from what I saw, I would think to myself, what would happen to me in