of our city limits is because we know that a lot of our residents that live here do travel obviously outside of our city limits. So, if you're living down South Yacht, Austin Road, Piot, just all these unaccompanied areas, we know that you're traveling there with your families, so the event that emergency is going to rise, we don't want you to be stranded with no no response. So, that's why we've continued to respond there, but that being said, a presence has to be said, and someone's going to have to start footing the bill because it's not your responsibility to constantly footing that for the ones that don't live here. So, that's just, that's what we're trying to accomplish to this. And fire protection in the past is a complex issue for multiple reasons. One, the city of Yongezo is growing dense. We have fire hydrants with strong pressure lines, because we've made investments. You've made investments in spending dollars that way. Parish fire protection is complex because in the unincorporated area there's not a dedicated revenue stream for the service. And in some, in largely most areas, there's not significant water lines, fire hydrants to be able to provide service if we roll one of our trucks there where they could hook up to a hydro. So, it's kind of multifaceted. I mean, I do view, I mean, some of our, you know, friends that live like I'm going to use a neighborhood as an example, Sansa Bastions. Sansa Bastions looks just like a Yongezo neighborhood in the unincorporated area. So, you know, when you live there, or if you live in, I don't know, the most rural part on our, you know, southern border, you know, where you live in on a tin acre of piece of property, I would imagine that mindset may be different there. If you live in a neighborhood, you probably expect there to be adequate fire protection if you live on a piece of, you know, rural property. So, it's complex, but ultimately, I'm willing to partner with the decision makers on that. But ultimately, that's not what I was elected to do. I was elected to be a good steward of your tax dollars, not the unincorporated areas. So, any other council comment? Any public comment prior to the council vote? All right, Ms. Giger, please call the vote on the resolution. Mr. Bojiano? Yes. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansberry? Yes. Michelle Pan? Yes. Mr. Leo? Yes. Motion heard. All right. Thank you, council. We'll, we'll tee it up to parish council and we'll keep you abreast of the communication. All right. Ornances for final adoption. 7.1 is Ornance 481 2023 in Ornance of the City of Yongezo, Louisiana. Amending section 24. 23 rates established for describing the rates, charges, and deposits for solid waste and recycle service. Account service by the City of Yongezo, Louisiana. So, move. All right. Thank you, motion by Mr. Romero. Second by Mr.