identified as only low density, but low density developments have to come back before the council. Basically, for our pre-development meeting, even if everything was written as per the ordinance. So, just kind of wanted to preface that because I know we do have a lot of interest in redeveloping this particular part, this heart of our city. So, I think we'll have a we'll continue to hear a few of these coming forward. So, in your packet, you have the proposal. And gentlemen, I can maybe I'll let you just kind of open it up. I know you sent some information, but if you'd like to maybe tell the council your thoughts, and I think they'll have some questions for you as well. Sure. My name's Cole Lasby, I own Southwest Windows and Doors. Yeah, and I'm Marcus Strong, born and raised here in Youngsville. We're just looking to do some development here in Youngsville. First off, I want to thank Nicole as well. She's super quick on it. Got us on the agenda pretty quickly. Just appreciate you guys and the speed that it's happened in, to be honest with you. We're looking at doing on Avenue B is there's currently a house that needs a face lift as to say the minimum and really a facelift isn't ideal for that particular house in our opinion. And we'd love to take it basically that lot and subdivided into three lots and build a single family house on each one. So the single family house that we're looking to build and we try our best to put renderings in front of you so you could see it. We're not really interested in building a cheap product with cheap materials or anything like that. For example, we want to use cement board as our siding. We want to try and stay away from vinyl or metal siding. We want to use architectural shingles, try and stay away from any cheaper building materials. And I want to look really great. And so that's kind of our initial thought behind it. We've worked with a surveyor in terms of trying to put that in front of you as well. And I believe from my understanding and you guys need to help me a little bit from my my understanding what we're looking to take the the lot with and go from 30 to 27 for each one. And so I think that's really our request in front of you today if I understand it right. And so yeah, that's kind of a little bit about what we want to do and I'm not sure if you want to add anything or if you guys have questions for us. Our contract on its hammerhead, which you guys are familiar with, they're currently building the avenue project right down the road. And this house is right across the street from Green Tea Linden, very visible area. So yeah, that's kind of well, we appreciate