be seated and you know, it's going to be, it's going to be beautiful. I have with the help of Terry made contact with energy to put air radars in this pond, some of the how you would have it in your neighborhood pond. And what we've talked about doing is putting maybe a bench, you know, a couple of benches around there mile marker signs, someone you see at the sports complex around the recreational trail, the sports complex quarter mile, half mile, you know, 10th of a mile, basically just something like that around there. Dog bags, dog waste bags. High level, what we've talked about internally just as a Parks and Recreation team is that if this was an art backyard, we would want this to be restricted to solely daytime use, you know, and it doesn't have to be like a dust to dawn, it could be from, you know, I don't know, it's, it's, we're, I want your feedback to know, I mean, it could be, you know, 10 to 6, it could be anything that we really want it to be. This particular area here, I don't have any plans for it, I don't have any ideas for it, I made the, I made a comment to someone in the neighborhood to say, you know, perhaps in the future, in the future, perhaps this could be area where we could have playground equipment or other amenities that we don't have to, we could, we don't have to, you know, but minimum what I was thinking was just a couple air radars in there mile marker sign dog bags from the stub out street here. We were thinking about doing just a park gate, basically to where our head of our Parks and Recreation police is here, Mr. Nicolacile, our assistant chief of police, you know, he and I have talked about probably an access gate here that would be, you know, open and close, whatever those set park hours are. And, you know, those you know, if you go to the sports complex around Foster Park, our police department has a division for Parks and Recreation. This tree line here, we haven't touched, there's opportunity there, if you want, we can leave it thick, we can also go by and clean some of the underbrush a little bit and clean it up. I know I've had some conversations with this resident here to protect our privacy somewhat, but I also think that there's some, you know, underbrush that could maybe be cleaned up a little bit there. This is going to be all seated and it's going to be cut and it's going to be maintained immaculately from the Parks and Recreation department. And alternative, as I saw it, frankly, Parks and Recreation, you know, thanks to our voters, we have a one cent dedicated sales tax to fund Parks and Recreation. The alternative is this is going to be an asset that our