as well So um that's the uh the staking in the boxes that you see there They're gonna be piping in part of the uh the roadside drainage on the uh on the western side of guillot and An adding two turn lanes and the fairbacks So I think that's gonna be a great project to move help move traffic, you know You know a long guillot so thank you, Clint um the shumhai Oh, I don't have too much, but I do want to uh Congratulate Clint waffle house put up their signage today and it's in compliance You sound surprised Yeah, I did a lot of back and forth But we're gonna welcome them. I assume pretty soon as well as uh the villager put up their sign and so didn't end This so we looking forward to all these new additions In young's field man, I did want to ask a question. I have not noticed. I know When I was with the city leader would come left yet economic development authority We'd come and they come to all our meetings and give us a little small update since I've been here and I watched On while and also prior to this I have not seen had do you hear from them very often? Uh good observation Um, I will uh I'll follow up with uh with with the uh with the director there Um, they they are accessible when I when I've requested um, but I I agree I would like to The way it was in the past Uh, you're right. I have not seen and we have Mandy Mitru now who's a wonderful uh director She's really a good person, but um, yeah, I think we need them to at least come I'm not saying every month But at least give us some updates. I don't know it just for the knowledge of the people in the audience and the people watching Young'sville will then entire powers should laugh yet pays a property tax to laugh yet economic development authority So we all pay into it So I think all the they should represent all the municipalities as well as laugh yet equally That's my message. Yes, ma'am. It's it's it's noted. I mean myself a note our office will follow will follow up on that It is worth noting. I think I mean just that um Count the leader is governed by board of directors that appoints a director in council and stands very was our pointy Uh until I believe it was roughly about August last year. So I was disappointed that uh that leader apparently there's a provision in their bylaws that says That he if you're elected you can't serve on the board. I was disappointed simply because he can serve Not as not as our appointment, but as the appointment of the area mayors So that position has been vacant um Simone, I think Had you not been elected.