for the Broussards to allow the setback from 25 to 20 feet for lot 53 and say what's up. Thank you Mr. Romero. Miss Jean-Pine. Second. All right thank you ma'am. Is there any council comment or discussion? Any public comment? All right. No public comment. Miss Gidjard please call the vote. Miss Jean-Pine. Miss Jean-Pine. Call and favor motion approved. I didn't give you a chance to speak but thank you for all the the building that you do in our community. You all have been great great builders in our area it gives us a lot of pride to see local builders continue to take down lots in our community and in this case to build a home for themselves so thank you for the investment in Young'sville and we look forward to to to getting the plans pushed to the approval for you so you guys can get started thank you. Thank you. All right. That's all right. Let's see. Nicole are we going to 7.6 or are we adding which one was the expansion? Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. The process is to consider a menu to 2023, 2024 fiscal budget in the amount of $933,122.32 cents to reappropriate the American Rescue Plan Act, ARPA funding from the highway 92 improvements sidewalk drainage and lighting project to the 2024 road improvements project. Motion. All right. Motion by council member Boljano and a second by councilmembarez. Is there any council discussion? Any public comment? No public comment? Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, council. 7.7 is consider a request to amend the Young'sville Police Department budget in the amount of $48,000 plus benefits to provide funding for an additional first year sergeant position for the Young'sville Police Department. I know chief Louvierre has provided some information in your packet. I'll certainly turn the floor over to him if he has any further comment or we can open it for council discussion. Let's see. Why don't we start with councilman Sean Pine? Thank you, Mayor. I have some questions. Excuse me. Is this a promotion from within? Are you hiring another person? So to promote a sword, you have to promote from within with civil service. So they have to go from the pool of candidates that's dictating my civil socials. So the promotion will be from within. And I know that we've been short. Yes. We've been short. So you're getting ready to hire some new patrol officers? So yes, like I said earlier, we were five short when I started. We have me three quality hires and last of which starts on Monday. We only have two more vacancies that we're we're. So promoting from within will that cost cost you to have another opening? We will have to feel that spot as well. And what's what will be that. That that point who what what what. What position does that person have now not