Stansberry. The comments are discussion related to the item. Ms. Giger, please call the vote. Mr. Romero? Yes. Mr. Stansberry? Yes. Mr. Shampa? Yes. Mr. Bojiano? Yes. Motion heard. The only change on this for the public is the cost of trash services increasing $3 from 20 to 23. The last increase that our call was in 2019. So, with the cost of inflation and the CPI consumer price index increases that we're receiving from the waste provider, we just unfortunately are in a situation where we're losing money when we look at garbage as a fund, profit and loss fund. So, all right. We call the vote. Yes. Thank you. My apology. You're good. All right. Second 1.7.2, Ornance 482 2023 in Ornance of the City of Young Zoolo, Louisiana, mini chapter 8, businesses and business regulations establishing the requirements for the permitting operating of mobile food establishments. There are some part of the council, but there are some modifications since our last meeting where it was introduced. We tried our best to put all the comments or the changes into yellow or sorry in red. Yeah, in the red section. So, it should be easy to identify. I move favourable. All right. Thank you, Ms. Shonsan. Second. Second by Mr. Romero. Council comments, questions, discussion. I'd send an email to the entire council. I think Wade was on that as well. I don't know how anybody feels. It was pertaining to the violations. I know you're clarified or you did. I think there are steps in where this goes as far as dollar amounts, which is on there. But do we feel that's heavy enough? I guess I do the day impounding. I think that, I mean, you can consider that to be, I think that's a possibility. I mean, I wouldn't recommend that as an initial step, maybe as a third. Yeah. I mean, what happens, you know, just, I mean, and I'm happy to go through the change. What we're proposing for the public benefit. Should this be passed, it does become effective immediately. So, I mean, that's why if it's landing back, if it's landing back on us now as an administration, you know, when we look at the fines and penalty section, I mean, I would, I would be in favour of your consideration of maybe on the third violation that in addition to there being a fine that perhaps it's impounding or removal, you know, of the way. Does that make that modification mayor and council again in my email that I tried to communicate to all of you. These numerical values were something I kind of looked around and came up with, totally arbitrarily, and tried to leave as much discretion as I could to the administration based on the infraction, so that if it's not a severe infraction, you can do a minimal fine. If it's a more severe or you're a third offender, the revocation of your permit, a monetary