the reason for this one which would mean we would still gather information. We could still expand the agenda by law. We have to do it by unanimous vote of the entire council and be able to listen to ever comes before us and gather the information. What we would not allow is a vote on that action make it an action item to where we'd have to vote on it on that night. The other one is variances. Variances shall not be considered on any agenda item which has not been fully vetted and investigated by the administration prior to the council meeting and shall also be in writing from the party making the request. The time needed to vet and investigate the request is under the sole discretion of the administration. No action shall be taken on these requests and shall be tabled until the next regularly set scheduled council meeting. There are times when we have people that may come before us, I'll use plating as an example, that during the meeting they may come up with different variants requests. Well it's not fair to the person coming before us or the council, mainly the administration to have to in the meeting have to determine if that variance is in applicable law with our city ordinances. So it'll stop us from making any type of hasty decision in those variances. So they can still come up, discuss it, ask for the variance, of course it will not be considered until administration, Clint and the staff really fully vet those variances and what effect it has on the people that we represent. Their neighbors, business, residential, but we welcome to hear them come and speak before us. The council just will not take action on it at that time, which doesn't mean they won't vote in favor of it or vote against it. It just means at that time we will not vote on that item. I felt that these were very fair rules for us to place on ourselves and it will help in my opinion it will help our meetings go smoother in a more timely fashion and it will also allow the administration to determine exactly what that variance is going to do. I talked to you all. It's going to allow us the knowledge and the information needed for us to make an informed decision because we represent y'all. Thank you, Mayor. That's what they would do. It's not a law. It won't be a law. It's really a policy in a rule we're putting on ourselves as members of this council. Thank you, Mr. Shampa. Mr. Stansford, do we need to adopt these or vote on our more? We all agree. It's I think it's whatever the preference of the council is. I would like to see his vote on it. Just to make sure that we are all in favor of it or if anyone wants to tweak it or... I can