is registering to the end of this month. The Bitty basketball summer league is coming to an end. Our adult softball league is registering until the end of this month also all our tennis programming continues in the rec center pickleball continues council on aging and all our free play. We have some more camps for Brad Boy basketball and Gavin Gil football camps that are coming up under our special events we finished the faster girls world series last week and of course the girls world series continues through Saturday. Our sports for all games are our special needs teams they started their games last night. Their game tonight has been pushed to seven due to the weather and they'll play again tomorrow night at 630. Shatland Pinto boys 6 you and eight you were all series at 40 teams will start next week on Wednesday July 17th with Oatman ceremony at 9 a.m. At the sports complex our pony boy zone which is the 14 you boys will start on July 24th at the sports complex our bus thing boys 10 you were all series will start on July 26th with China of Venezuela and Mexico being international teams and the first US team the qualifies Mary and Illinois so we'll have three more from around the United States plus our hosting playing and then our bronco boys have qualified to move on to the zone tournament in San Marcos Texas which is July 16 through the 20th and then our bronco girls currently right now got the number one seed in bracket play in the girls will series. If you're having been by the sports complex during the day this week in the 70 teams that are here for the girls world series from Laredo all the way throughout. I just want to make a comment I know that we've all talked about the sports for all program but had the opportunity to meet with the pony director that really started the program that is or the champions league that inspired our complex to you know really build our own program for the sports for all and he came up to me say we've never had six teams well we'll have eight teams and in this world series that are from in the champions league six from our sports for all program so he said he's never had since the inception of it he's never had that many teams and it's so I think that's just a wonderful test to my to have so many buddies that signed up to help those that you know may not have had the opportunity to experience play on a field at this level before so that's very exciting there as far as the expansion goes you want to comment on that a little bit. Yeah I mean I think they're making I mean good progress I think they still need a little little time for all the the final finishes