I see where you think it could be a potential problem. Totally get it. You want to protect your kids. I want to protect mine. So how do you think it comes, it comes a problem with the solution? That's a close the dang part. I mean, because if it's not that value boomer is just a walking track, we close it till we figured out. You know, so I'm, I'm with you. I think everyone here would say that safety comes first. So, but also another thing I don't think you realize is with this part comes extra policing for you. You have the parks police there. So there's probably going to be less speeders because you have more police presence because of that. So you got away at all from where we're sitting, you know. Hopefully word doesn't get out how really nice it is back there. Yeah. You know, but, but ultimately I rest assured someone on here up here has thought about every question you have. I promise that there's a. I think it was two nights ago I was out there and I mean the here in the birds. It's beautiful, you know, the and the inspector said you already have a lot of fish in there too. So I think to to Councilman Linus point, I think that we would probably have to. If this is the route that the council allows me to go with it, we would take it slow and a slow launch. But I think to your point, anything that we're doing there can certainly be undone and fairness I did because of the lead time with the energy. I did ask for two meters just so that we can have I mean air radars. I don't think that's a bad, you know, who don't love the sound of water. You know, so I think that's good. Even if it becomes behind barbed wire and the earth takes back over, you know, in a year from now, but valid points. Thank you, sir. Is there anyone else that was just to address the service of Spadoni? How's it going? So I'm a resident of Fortune Hills Logan. You hit every point I was going to bring up. So thank you. I've had lots of conversations with residents who have been concerned about the things that were brought up. I reassured them that, you know, no one's really going to be coming to this park. That's basically we're getting a free playground for our kids, our family to enjoy. There are lots of other parks, such as Logan said, you know, the sports complex you walk around once. There's not very many people driving there to walk. I don't think it's going to be a big issue with traffic or people driving through, driving by to come by and visit. We do have Nick and the park police. That's going to be, you know, they were there yesterday, you know, patrolling