Woodrow welcomes an investigation. I'm really glad to hear that. He is, he is right. He goes out to a lot of accidents. Whether he's asked to a night, he does do that. I want to speak on Councilwoman Rale who I love dearly. I love her entire family. I was so excited when Councilwoman Rale, Councilwoman Rale was a council, a voted to be a council member. I believe that it is very hard on her right now. And I would hope that everyone here and listening, thanks her for what she did and thanks her for her bravery. It took a lot of courage to take what she has been taking this last week and still come out of it and do what I feel is the right thing. It was the right thing for her family and it was the right thing for this city of Youngsville to be able to regain some public trust. So I appreciate her deeply and she has been so dedicated to this entire community all her life. She was born and raised here. I cannot compliment her enough. So hopefully when you see her or please give her a good nod on her Facebook page or a text message and tell her thank you and that you're proud of her and look forward to see where she's going to go from here. It's a very unfortunate situation incident that happened. I don't condone what she did, but I don't pass judgment on anyone. We have someone that can do that for us and he's up above. I've been here and I've been in not in this row only since January, but I've been in situations before in government entities where we had to do the right thing. And issuing a best investigation, no matter what came out of it. Hopefully everything is fine. Wouldn't that be awesome? And no one should be afraid of that. Yes, everyone in this room, probably everyone on this console, every person, even not inside the city of Youngsville has at one point in time asked for help. I'm not going to call it a favor has asked for help. We as elected officials are here to help the community within the confines of the law. And we should all know that. That's what I stand for. That's what I will do. And I've always done it. I will continue to do it. Whether I get ridiculed, attacked or whatever. We don't come here to get thanked. I can tell you that's not what we want. But we do listen and that is our job. That's what this is. This is a job. It's not a privilege. None of us are privileged people. We're just like everyone else in this room. We go home to our families in the afternoon. We hug our kids. I'm the oldest one up here. So I hug my grandkids. I enjoy the company of our colleagues and our neighbors and