was over and he recorded it and every other officer since then has told me that there's only one that gets passed around and they do not want to put it out on their phone. We have acts. They don't want to bring their phone to full. And they've even said sometimes that they'll they'll cancel it because there's nothing that they can do because they don't have the desuper reader to even write a citation. So all we have is basically is our call-offs. But if I if I can can I just rewind it back to and just trying to help you know what trying to decide what problem what we're trying to solve. Is it is it's you know because before the count I think all the other stuff is relevant because as we alluded to it might be a greater it's food truck might be a symptom of a greater issue you know the noise. I heard you say that you didn't have an issue with it on the side though is I mean like what and I don't want to put the burden on you but I mean because what the council can make a decision on today if they choose is placement of of a food truck. So I agree that it's the whole context of it we have to take into consideration but I think what what's going to give these you know give my colleagues you know they is moving it to the front going to solve it's it's not just the food truck that's the only that's the noise that's the cause of the noise I guess. Right now the food truck is very noisy because it's behind that he moved it back to behind the house again it's not on the side nor is it in the front it's behind my house. On the side it's noisy you can still hear the same thing when music's playing and they do what they cook in their jambalais for the games I mean it's like a tailgate spot is what it is so when I go outside to tailgate how my own property that I pay taxes for I cannot because I'm hearing their music and their tailgate and by all means I'm young I like to go to a barber when I want to go home and sleep I want to go home and sleep it's my home but that still is where there's a drive-through window why do we need a food truck blocking a driver who instead of just utilizing the drive-through window like Yoko does. Well I think the I think the benefit of the food truck being on the side of the building from my conversations with the owner was that it could be for ease of their operation so they don't have to go inside and out. Often when it's in the back they're going in and out of a door you know into the back