would be a violation. Yeah. So you have the opportunity to find it. So that's what I'm trying to get to. No, I'm going to be, you know, we're going to have like, okay, you have five days to comply or I think it says warning or so I would assume. Are you still fired? Yes. Yeah. I can only speak how I would handle it. I mean, I bet my direction to to code enforcement would be to to educate really welcome them, because ultimately what we're doing is just informing them of the informing them of the process, encouraging them to come in and compliance. And it's very similar with what happens today. I mean, we have we have contractors that do work within our city every day, whether they're pouring concrete or putting on a new roof. And it's pretty routine that code enforcement will pause it. And then they'll come in and do a permit, you know, same day without even an interruption to the job. So I would imagine it's probably a similar process. I think all courts say we've had a name where we've seen them in violation, game of warning, getting correct. I don't know. Okay. The also councilman stands very, the permit is for the year. So in your hype, if he parks or she parks at rouses for the weekend and then three months later, besides the comeback, there's no reprimitting that permit is good for you. I was just saying if they don't know, because there's a lot of things that citizens don't know about, especially what happens and something. Hopefully it gets out there. But someone from out of town or you know, laugh yet, come and drive here. Just we just want to buy the guidelines. We don't want them. We just want to buy the guidelines. The intention is to educate and to encourage many ultimately these food trucks have the opportunity to generate sales tax. We want that. We want to have more food and beverage choices, I think, in our community. This largely just comes down singularly to where is there a permissible spot for that to take place. That's largely, I'll get you to say, that's largely what really this is. And big example, I keep thinking about councilman stands, I mean, it's it's weekly that code enforcement stops a contractor, poor and concrete. And a lot of times what happens is because the homeowner didn't know and the contractor says they didn't know or whatever the case may be. And you know, they're poor and concrete to the property line, which as you know, could potentially have a drainage issue or and similarly there, it's about how it impacts the neighbor. And that's really what the same thought process is here. We encourage the commerce, we encourage the, you know, the opportunity. It's just where is an acceptable spot, you know, to have it. And May, I'd like to add, our code enforcement