national award, only there were only four honorees in the state of Louisiana. And it just so happens that she is a resident of Youngstville. So I want to make sure we acknowledge her tonight and thank her. Her name is Miss Christine Bayard. With the Milken Award, they honor educators. And what they do is they, and it's nationwide. And we only had four from Louisiana. Mr. Milken, who authored this award, gives each honoree a $25,000 cash award for their use. But she's a very humble person. She lives right here in Youngstville. You probably don't see her or hear very much of her. But she's very humble. And she loves education and kids. And her little boy was one of the ones that cooked in the cook-off that the school did last year. So I'd like to congratulate her. I want to remind everyone that the superintendent of schools has their first gumbo cook-off this Friday on their school grounds on the 18th, starting at 11. The mayor and I were honored to be invited in a 10, Dr. Jay Colley at Youngstville Middle, who started their JAG program. JAG is jobs for American graduates. It was very nice. It was short, but it was a wonderful program. So it's good to see that our schools here in Youngstville are doing so much good hard work. And I think this must be a sentence homecoming this weekend because they were having a parade in Sugar Mill, we're not left. A nice big parade, too. I missed it. And November 2nd, don't forget the VFW Chili cook-off. Thank you, miss Shawn Pine. This man, Councilman Creed. On behalf of the road, I want to thank the city and the sports complex for letting us be the first event in the amphitheater. We really enjoyed it. And next year, it's going to be a two-day festival instead of one. All right. I love it. And then I would like to say thank you to the Council for appointing me and having confidence in me to serve the city in different capacities so thank you all for that. Absolutely. Yeah, what we say. Possibly. Yeah, it's possibly is. It could be, but it's hard. So we do have an election. Early voting starts October 18th, is it? And in the election day is on November 5th. So multiple candidates in both of our races we encourage you to vote. In the event that there is a winner on November 5th, I mean, it is possible that we may have a new face here at the day. So I sincerely appreciate Miss Creed. I'm going to save my remarks because you're more than just, I want to give it more credit than it deserves. It's just an afterthought at the end of a meeting. But sincerely, thank you. Not for what you're doing on the council before you're doing in the community because you're at everything and I appreciate that. So