adding programs to different schools. The one thing that we're really trying to do is to make sure that we have someone that comes in and takes a really good look at what we're doing and if we're using the taxpayers' dollars, the way it needs to. I am not saying that we're going to do all these different things, but all of those things are on the table and all of those things are going to be looked at. We are looking at probably some immediate things happening for next year, some things happening in five years, some things happening in 10 years and possibly 15 years. We are really looking forward to that report. The last thing that I want to bring you guys up to date with is just something I want you to be aware of. This is the superintendent gumball cookoff that I'll be having annually that will be starting this year. It's going to be on October 18th at our central office to where Lafayette Parish is one of the biggest businesses. We have personally sent an email to each of those different vendors and those vendors will come out and all of the monies being raised are going to go back to the schools. If we raise $200,000, we will cut a check 46 different ways and we'll make sure that those monies goes back to the kids and to the teachers around incentives. With that being said, I just want to first of all, again, thank you for your partnership. Thank you for being who you are. I want you to know that I am committed, our board is committed, to making sure that this relationship builds upon itself. At this time, I'll take any questions that you may have for me. Let's see. Council, your mics are on. If you have any questions for the superintendent. Yes, ma'am. No questions. I just want to thank the superintendent because we're thinking and I know that you appreciate the education field as you do to make Lafayette parish the best education for our kids that there possibly could be. On behalf of the state board, I would like to congratulate you on that and thank you for that. Thank you. Councilman Boljana. Yeah. First of all, thank you for coming. I appreciate the update as always. A few residents were asking the bits on South-South-South-State-M and obviously, it's the biggest topic of discussion. I think we'll talk about it until it's completed in the first home game. We're all excited for that. Is there any SMN at time line or what that looks like for the future? So I will say to you is that before the board even committed to the 12 million, I was doing behind the scenes working. We were doing and making sure that architects were doing their things. We made sure that the day after we put everything out. We are looking at their first game being for