the most talented people in a KDN. I stay here because I see every day what we are capable of, and that is why running for state rep, I want to play an active role in moving this district and state forward. I want to be a partner, and work closely with municipalities in District 49, where we will work hard to bring investment and infrastructure, quality of life, and jobs that lead to lasting careers. Thank you. Thank you. Jacob, we wish you the best of luck in this seed. We know it is redistrict. We are excited about having District 49 in Compass, Young Zwill. This has a lot of Young Zillena. It sounds familiar. This district was the seed of our councilman, Champagne, she held it. We are excited for the opportunity to have District 49 in Young Zill. With your experience and knowledge of Young Zwill being a former resident of Young Zwill, I know you are very familiar with the district. Wish you the best of luck to you and Hannah, and we are here to help you with anything that you do. When we were in Young Zwill, I remember the Young Zill stopped right there at the pond. It is grown and we live in Iraq, but we call Young Zill our second home. That ballpark is sometimes our Friday Saturdays and Sunday. We appreciate everything you do to keep Young Zill beautiful and growing. Thank you. Absolutely. Thank you. All right. We have another special guest or special record, special announcement this evening. Councilman Standsbury, our colleague on the City Council is going to hear to declare his candidacy, Parlapia Parish Council District 3. So Ken, the floor is yours, sir. Council, okay. Fellow council members and citizens, it was very important for me to make this announcement first here at our council meeting. I've had the privilege the past eight years to serve you as a councilman in Division D. We've been together for over a hundred meetings. That's a lot. We've accomplished a lot working together as a team focusing on improving the quality of life for our citizens. I'm very proud of the work that we have done and continue to do. As some of you may know, Lapia Parish Councilman Josh Carlson has announced his intentions to run for state rev for district 43. After prayers and conversations with my family and close friends with the support of my wife and children, I am announcing my candidacy for the Lapia Parish Council District 3. We have a great model here in Young Zill and I'm excited to bring the success that we have here to the parish level and move the parish forward. I will be a strong and effective leader. I will always put the needs of our community first. If elected, I will continue to work with our leaders here in Young Zill, Bruce Sard and Lapia Parish. So that together, we can make Lapia Parish