I was with somebody the other day and they said, well, tail in. All right, good evening everyone. Thursday, June 27, 6 p.m. The meeting is called to order. Tonight is a special meeting of the Youngsoal City Council. I'd like to ask for the invocation and pledge of allegiance to be led by Councilmember Jano, please. About your hits. Dear Heavenly Father, as leaders of our growing community, our growing city, we are gathered here tonight asking for your guidance and wisdom in making decisions. We thank you for giving us knowledge, understanding, and the ability to work in peace and unity. We are at the mercy and we pray to enjoy your blessings. Guide us in following your peaceful and righteous ways. We ask this in the name of Jesus, amen. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands one nation under God and in the visible with liberty and justice for all. Thank you, Lindy. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Barra. Here. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Here. Ms. Cree. Here. Ms. Champagne. Here. That's a good time. Yeah. Okay. Councilor Jeniom, 3.1 is bid review for the Youngsoal Water Treatment Plant. We open bids on May 8th. I would like to ask for Susan to come up. If she would open bids on May 8th, we were excited. We had four bidders that evening. for her recommendation. Yes, we had four bitters. The bids were fairly close, which indicates that they were good bits. They ranged from 9.9 million to 9.66 million. There were three deductive alternates to change the pavement from concrete to limestone, the second one was to change the roof from a standing seam roof to a standard roof with some architectural deductions. And then the third was to deduct one of the filters and just to leave that constructed so that that filter can be added in the future to save some cost. If you take the bids and subtract the three deductive alternates, the resulting low bid is from NCMC LLC for 8,617,000. So once we got that, we discussed it with the mayor and went to the WaterSector Commission to see if they would give us some more money. It was hard fought, but they did give us an extra 12%,600,000, so that helped. So we recommend accepting the three deductive alternates and awarding to NCMC LLC. Are there any questions from the council? So this will be funded from 5.6 million in water sector dollars. I believe it's roughly 2.5 million is going to come from our revolving waterfront where we had the 0.95% interest. Susan, did they have an estimated construction time on this? I think it was a year. I don't recall exactly, but that's what we set out in the specs. I guess upon awarding, are they ready to go as far as immediate or are we going to have to get into