can't and I'll crystal clear, if it is not conveyed from you who live downtown, that's what I'm asking we want to know. Developers are in this room that are developing things that are well beyond their means, taking on financial loans and putting themselves at hardships to be able to let the city grow. So if you can't tell us what you do and don't want, then we're not really getting anywhere tonight at all. All these concerns are valid and I want to make sure we address them each and every one, but I want to want to know. So thank you. Miss Penny, right? Yes, it's Penny. I live at 105 Avenue. We all know that there's a traffic problem. I have a horrible time with traffic. The issue that I'm having is why are we putting more houses to invite more traffic in a already congested area? It's an issue. And you said something earlier about, would you want to house with five cars or condo with two? I have 11 condos coming up behind my house that's 22 cars. I have a hotel coming up in front of me with 35 rooms. I can't back out of my driveway already. I don't know what I'm what I'm supposed to do and I'm getting calls. We're getting phone calls now. We'd like to buy your property at 105 Avenue B. My husband's getting text messages now. Family has five offers for property. My mom's house. They want my mom's house across the street. We would like to buy your house at 204. I'd be area. Everybody wants to buy, buy, buy and build, but no, the traffic needs to be addressed. And I realize that it's not going to be solved in a day. What time are these traffic instances have? I'm just asking for my own knowledge because my son goes to Green Tea. So I do the whole listen. I'm new to Green Tea this year. I do the whole pickup drop off. It's a nightmare. Parents are ruthless. They cut people off. It's a screaming show in there. But what I mean, I realize that again, the question is going to come up. This is school traffic. I realize that I have a south side behind me. We've got Green Tea down the street. Arca down the road. Everybody passes through downtown Youngsville to get where they have to go. There are alternate routes, but are. What creatures they have, they're going to be. They're going to pass through. No, understand. There's traffic backed up. One of the things that people talk about is, they're going to four lane Lafayette Street. OK, or three lane and or they're expanding. Youngsville, how are you standing? The Lafayette Street will be the same. OK. Yeah. So really, all that traffic is still. There's nothing that we can do. Now, we had right on the side, which would be the first street on the side of