397 of the 2023 regular legislative session for infrastructure. Very similar to the last one council this is a 500,000 to be used for infrastructure. Our intention is to apply to our ongoing 2022 road series projects. So all right motion by Ms. Shampa in second. All right second by council member Boljano any council comments or questions any public comment. All right one a thank before we call for the vote I just want to thank Senate President excuse me Chairman Stewart Bishop was the author of helping to skit the million dollars for sports complex and our Senator elect Jean Paul Cousin is the responsible party for the 500,000 in the infrastructure. So all right if there's no discussion Ms. Gidry please call the vote. All in favor motion approved. All right thank you Ms. Gidry. All right let's see. Was it well was it something that was on the agenda? Yeah I missed something. I missed something on the first issue. I want to talk about the final. What's the pleasure of the agenda? It's up to the agenda. We already got some. Yeah. Yeah I'll be happy to visit with you after. Bob. Was there any way that we can do the race for? All right Ms. Grange anything for the council members? All right can you give me a comment? Yes. Well I'm happy to say that we have finished the excavation of all of our detention ponds. So for Bayley Grove we're working on a preliminary punch list hoping by next month we'll have substantial we'll be able to do a final punch list and do a substantial completion. Coolie LaSalle they're working to finish the building we have a little bit of painting and a little bit of work left to do on the building and some dress up. So hopefully that won't be at substantial completion as well next month. On the 2022 roadway improvements the contractor was along all the NASA today doing some show to rework. As soon as a new milling machine comes in they'll get back on the field crest. Some people may have seen them at field crest we haven't forgotten about you but there was some equipment problems. We're hoping to mobilize by September 26 which would be a week from Monday on North La Riviera. And we are we finished the geotech with regards to the Valesco crossing so that we could finalize our typical section and we're working on the plan profile sheets for that. Let's see we're going to break out met with the mayor we're going to break out another early work submit on both highway 89 and fortune road roundabout to keep those moving while we wait for the bond commission for you to be able to do your GMP. So of course we already have your GMP on fortune we can't sign it until all of the money comes from capital outlay. But you can do you can continue to