play set, you know, with Shannon. We learned a lot. We need events like this to come to where we continue to improve and put enough bind on our expansion for us. They continue to make it, you know, the best place. It can be. Thank you, Tim. Echo that I want to commend the rotary club, phenomenal job. I mean, to have had just shy of 6,000 people and just that on that site throughout the course of the day, it never felt crowded. It was a wonderful experience. I hope it was beneficial for the rotary club as it has been in previous years. Because the proceeds of that, if putting them back into the community's phenomenal. So thank you. And for the Lions Club, that was incredible to witness the generosity of the members of the Lions Club to put the funds into the inclusive play set. So there's a video that UL's baseball team shared on social media last night that I shared. And it really, I think, just captured the moment really well of the UL baseball players assisting the sports for all league players around the bases and just to celebrate the love of their love of baseball. And then the kids and the smiling faces, when it was time to cut the rib and somebody asked me, should we ask the kids to get off the playground? And I said, absolutely not. Because that's exactly what I hope that you guys envisioned there. So it was very nice. So it was nice to witness it. So congratulations to both of y'all. Hayley, did you have anything? I didn't know if you were. No, you're good. All right. I appreciate you. I want to congratulate Nicole. Nicole found that, learned this suite that she's met the education and experience requirements to become a Louisiana certified municipal clerk with the prestigious LCMC designation. So congratulations Nicole. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I say that the clerk of any community doesn't really, to me, have a fancy title, but their work is tremendous. As it's tremendous. And it, yeah, as Rahadi, I know knows. And former clerk at church point, who's now a resident of our community, in the audience, but it touches so much. And every village has a, every village to city, I guess, has a clerk. So there's a lot of education and a lot of work that goes into it. So thank you for your hard work and your dedication for getting us to that point to help you to celebrate your success with that. All right. Any other announcements? Yes, ma'am. Miss Champagne. I want to go. Let's see. I'll come back to you. Let's see how come back to you, Jamie. OK. Yeah, Miss Champagne, go ahead, please. OK. I have a few acknowledgments tonight. We honored the state educators this week in that rush. And one of the educators received the Milken Award. The Milken Award is a