Thursday, January 11th, the time is 6 p.m. We welcome you to the Young's will municipal complex for the regular schedule meeting for the January City Council. If you'd please rise, I'm going to invite the invocation this evening to be led by Pastor Chris Fusile, of First Baptist Church. And then please remain standing. Our pledge this evening will be led by councilwoman Cree. All right, thank you, Mayor. Let's pray together. Father, we thank you for this day that you've given to us. Father, for the blessings of each and every moment, Lord. And we also thank you for this new year, this new opportunity that you've given all of us, Lord, for a fresh start. Lord, my prayer today is that you'd help us to be dependent on you. We know that we're limited in our own abilities, our own strength. Father, there's so much that we can accomplish in your power. So I pray for the council today and for the mayor and for every city employee, Father, for every person here this evening, and those who are watching, or that you would help us to depend on you more than ever. Father, give us a vision. Help us to see farther than what we could ever imagine and help us to know, Lord, that we can accomplish it through your abilities. Father, give us great faith, and we pray for unity this evening. We pray all of these things and mash this name of our Savior, Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Pastor. Congratulations. We'll be glad to be in the United States of America. And to the Republic for which it stands, the nomination under God, individual, the liberty and justice for all. Ms. Gidry, please call the roll. Ms. Perez, here. Mr. Volgiano, here. Mr. Amaro, here. Ms. Cree, here. Ms. Shelfine, here. All right. Thank you, Council of Genitim. 3.1 is approval of the regular meeting minutes, December 14, 2023. The motion by Council Member Romero and the second by Council Member Volgiano. Any comments or questions from the Council? Any public discussion? Okay, Ms. Gidry, please open the vote. All in favor, motion approved. Thank you. Finance report, agenda item 4.1, approval of the November 2023 Finance report. Mr. Volgiano, make some motion. Second by Council Member Romero. Any Council discussion? Any public comment? All right, Ms. Gidry, please call the vote. All in favor, motion approved. All right. Thank you, Council. Other business, agenda item 5.1. This evening we have our auditors here, Burton and Brad Colder, and it's the presentation and acceptance of the audit report for the fiscal year which ended June 30, 2023. So Brad, welcome back, sir. Thank you, good evening, Mary and Council. I'm going to lead off this evening. And as the mayor indicated, we're going over the audit for the fiscal year ended June 2023. I'm going to make some opening comments and then go over the utility fund operations as well