You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You I Say I Say Yes And Division E miss jump on Yes Thank you, counsel, next on the agenda is Item 6 .1, which is a resolution number 2020309. A resolution authorizing the city attorney to obtain a law firm for an independent investigation of the Mayor, I'd like to make a motion to adopt resolution 2023-09. Hire in Mr. Fred Price's firm, Brazil, Sachin Wilson, and also amending the budget for $10,000 for this budget year. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Stanzweres. They're second on this motion. Sorry, come. We're going to second by Mr. Romero. Any council comments? Okay. Is there any public comment related to this resolution? Okay. If there's no public comment, I'll call the vote. Division B, Mr. Volgiano. Yes. Division C, Mr. Romero. Yes. Division E, Mr. Champagne. Yes. Division A, Mr. Lanny. Yes. In division D, Mr. Stanzwery. Yes. All right. The motion is approved. I'm sorry. Do you want to make any comment related to this? Yes. For the purposes of coming out of the executive session to give the members the audience here are brief synopsis. Since our last meeting, as most of you know, the mayor has, I mean, the chief has filed a declaratory action against the council and the city. The council was briefed on the procedures involved in a declaratory action and how that action proceeds. The council also was afforded the opportunity to discuss with Mr. Price, who is now the retained attorney who will conduct the investigation. As I mentioned, one of my comments to the chief earlier in our meeting, we met with Judge Earls. We have come up with a scheduling order. The hiring of Mr. Price should not indicate to anyone that we're proceeding with the investigation. I have agreed with the chief's attorney to withhold conducting the investigation until such time as Judge Earls rules on the issue of