softball player, playing on the weekends and that kind of stuff. So I'm, I've always enjoyed the time out here in Youngsville with that. As far as my personal background, I've, I've been a, I'm practicing law for 26 years. I've had a general civil practice where I've represented a lot of businesses and individuals who have been sued in matters. Also represented folks in all kinds of different litigation cases have handled things all over tried, tried cases from Shreveport to New Orleans, from Lake Charles all the way to Baton Rouge. I think that's what'll make me an excellent candidate for district court judge. Obviously, any candidate for district court here in, in Lafayette in such a heavily conservative area is going to be tough on crime. But one of the things that I think we definitely need to do to address crime and to make sure the cases get tried quicker is to add two new criminal divisions to the district court in Lafayette. As, as Youngsville growing as it is, you, you will well know that the Lafayette parish when we got our eight current judges, the population was 140,000. Now our population is closer to 275,000. We've almost doubled in population and we haven't added a single new judge. And so by adding two criminal divisions and those would be new divisions, we could move criminal cases through the system a lot quicker. And that means less people getting less people not getting convicted. You'd be able to move cases a lot quicker. Witnesses wouldn't get lost. Evidence wouldn't go bad. And instead of a lot of folks don't know right now, criminal most judges only have criminal matters one week out of the month and then 10 months out of the year, meaning that if something has to be reset, it has to get reset months in advance. And it may be two or three months down the line before it gets reset. If we had a criminal division, it could literally be set the next week and things could move a lot quicker. That also saves taxpayers of Lafayette a lot of money because as you know, before conviction, they're a guest of the parish. After conviction, they're a guest of the state of Louisiana. So that's one of the things that I would like to see addressed as well. And I know the mayor's on board with it, the sheriff's on board with it, and I hope that's something that everybody can get behind on that. So I appreciate your time here today. If you have any questions, I certainly don't mind answering them, but I'd also appreciate everybody's support. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Wade. Great seeing you again. Best of luck in the upcoming campaign. Agenda 3.2. Ms. Jan Swift is here to see me turn on her candidacy for Lafayette parish mayor, President. How you doing, Jan? Welcome back. Thank you for this opportunity. I'm Jan Swift, candidate for