low mar, but we do have to do the letter of map revision. So six months from the time the contractor completes and we do the closeout, which would be, I would say roughly about eight months from now. All right, thank you, Pam. All right, if there's no other questions about that and we can go back on that. Let me just touch on a couple of the other ones quickly for the other six HMGP projects. Honestly, don't have an update on those with regard to a recreational element. And the reason simply is we have limited funds for recreation right now. And we're also doing an amphitheater with sports complex expansion and we are tackling a lot with parks and rec. So on the other six ponds, there's nothing immediately that we have in the works for. I do think that there'll be opportunity, particularly one day in the future. If you're on Shimmie Metry and you're looking south from near the soccer fields around Dayton, you'll see there's a beautiful pond south right there along a long Dayton. You can see it from Shimmie Metry near this Dayton roundabout. Plenty of opportunity there. One day to hopefully do the same thing as that parcel develops. The big property on LaSalle, behind Southside High School. We have beautiful road frontage there. We anticipate that we'll be doing anything there until the roads reconstructed. Now that 23 acre dual pond on the LaSalle Cooley has been constructed. Now we're at I think 90 plus percent plans on reconstructed La Rivier road from Shimmie Metry all the way to 90 to the flashing red light at 92. The road is going to be raised wide and sidewalked, ditches closed. When that happens, I think we'll have a great opportunity to do something at that parcel of property because it has beautiful road frontage and it's got two beautiful ponds there. But there's nothing imminent today for that. But what I do want to talk about and give an update, I'm going to ask. We're going to put in Terry. If you can put your, maybe request to speak. I'll get your microphone in on these. What we're going to be having in this summer coming into line is the dog park and then separately also the veterans park. So Terry, maybe you want to give us an update on those two projects. Sure. On the dog park, all the drainage components and irrigation and completed pet waste stations that have been installed. All the inside of the fence landscaping has been done. We're waiting for the sign to be put up to where we can put landscaping around the sign in the front. The side between the sidewalk and the flower beds. We're going to do that towards the end of the job due to the weather and that type stuff, the heat. Benches, trash cans, water fountains will be installed after the pergola is installed. We're waiting on