both of them now? I'd like to take both of them. Yeah. OK, so we're doing 5.3 to deny both. Ms. Gidry. Motion passes. For the public, sincerely appreciate your feedback. Hopefully I can build a consensus with the council and provide some next steps for what that entails. Excited to hear the interest in having that discussion. I think I would like Mr. Gidry to be part of it. But I'll give us maybe about a week to regroup. I sound like we have some volunteers, so we'll set up a next, what's next, so we can continue to hear your input. Yes, ma'am. And may I also point out that it's not just that the scope of society that we have other than the current suggestion, do you agree? Completely agree. With that, you all go right in all the counties with Eugene and Gidry. Yes, ma'am. Completely agree with you. All right. And gentlemen, I know you have one of the properties already, so we'll certainly work with you in the parameters that the council is providing for us to do. So I'd ask that you stay engaged to your landowner in this area, so I would ask that maybe you try to contribute and be part of it as well. All right. Thank you so much. All right, agenda item 5.4. Mr. Cole, reason is requesting a variance to allow a five foot reduction. And the rear setback for the installation of a swimming pool located at 101 Grimund Road. And this is in the Fair Haven development. Is Ms. Reason here this evening? Hi, Ms. Reason. Do you want to come up, please? And I think I understand probably a little bit to where I can maybe set the context for our colleagues on the council. Council, as you know, setbacks. A normal neighborhood, five on the sides, 20 feet in the front, 10 feet in the rear. It's at your directive by ordinance that permanent structures defined within the ordinance. In this example, permanent structure is defined as a swimming pool. And that also includes the decking. I was impressed, Ms. Reason knows our rules. She has, she's fully aware of them all. I think the disconnect or the confusion simply came in here with regard to Fair Haven. Is it a development within our community that has varied setbacks on the front? Your recall, we did, instead of the blanket, 20 foot across the front, where everything looks the same down the street. This was one neighborhood that, in working with the developer, we did varied setbacks. So the setbacks range from 23 to 27. There's four different setbacks in this neighborhood that are indicated on the plot of the neighborhood. Ms. Reason thought she was buying a home that had the 20, or the shortest setback in the front, because that's the plot actually allowed for it. So she followed the rules, the plot allowed for it. The, what you have in