allocated $25 million to the state. Youngsville got 25% of that. We were working across seven parishes. Also, we run about 13 or we did because I resigned. Let me just say that about three weeks ago to run my campaign. 13 million dollars in roadway projects. Tonight, so I was born and raised in Lafayette, went to public schools and Catholic schools, went on to USL, met my husband David, who's in the back of the room, who was in oil and gas at the time. He took a job with Cameron Ironworks, went to Houston, New Orleans, back to Houston, ended up in Dallas. On September 12th of 2001, David had an appointment in World Trade 2 with Oppenheimer. He was selling energy investments on Wall Street. He didn't make that appointment, obviously. Neither did his customer the day before. We decided we wanted to come home. We had a one-year-old and a four-year-old. I say that story because the bank president called me when we made that decision. He said, do you know what you're doing? I said, yes, I know what we're doing. We want to be home. He said, you're choosing between European vacations every summer with your family and the Florida beach. And I said, I know. I know what we're doing. We want to be home. The reality is we found state parks in North Wiesanne and we didn't actually go to the beach that often. We went camping, we had a bunch of boys. It was okay. We wanted to be home. I understand the nuance of being in Texas, the lure of Texas. And I also understand the sacrifice of coming home. We made it. Today I have four children. Kathleen is a mechanical engineer for slumberjay. Out of Houston, she just spent two weeks in Norway. Dubai is next on her list. She will troubleshoot around the globe at 26 years old. Sam, we just dropped off in New York at West Point. She will spend the next nine years with the US Army traveling the world as well. My middle two, Louisiana boys for life. Check, check. Those two are good. I want those kids home. But I don't just want them to want to raise their family's home. I want them to be home and have creative, exciting careers. I want this to be a place where they can't. It's not a sacrifice to come home. Or you leave something on the table. David received phone calls for years from Houston to come back for much bigger money. It's not what we wanted. So I want them to have both. Tonight, today, a major announcement was made. And I don't know if you guys caught it. First solar is a US sourced solar manufacturer. It's the only US sourced solar manufacturer just announced a $1.1 billion plant. At the New Iberia Airport. That will impact youngsville. And more in more ways than just housing. It is advanced manufacturing.