use ordinance and commercial development code to provide a letter of no objection requires there to be a variance before you guys. So, that's what it's here for today. You know, the land use ordinance, it doesn't specifically reference any type of home-based business. We all know that those exist. Those are generally regulated on a complaint basis. If there's, you know, there existing, we don't know about it, or even when we do know about it, I mean, we're not doing, you know. I'm going on six years, and it has been no issue with this. This is just one of the things that would make it smoother. I'm not asking anything, you know, no deteriorating thing else. So, no change to your base. Absolutely no change. The letter just makes it smooth and lets the ATF when they do an inspection say, city's okay with it, neighborhood's okay with it. The neighborhood would have said no, we wouldn't be here. Got you. So, it's basically just expediting your re-approval process. Is that a barrier? It just makes it, yes, it makes it smoother, because they're not going to have to come to the city that to make sure everything's okay. And it's a zoning issue, which I know we don't have zoning, we have land use all of that. So, that's right. That's all there. I send an email to the city, or I guess the permitting, asking for a letter, basically says if they, H-O-E is okay with it. That's great. Yeah, that's great. Any, any, any, that? Ms. Gator, do you have that letter from A to A? I did, I thought about it. I emailed it to, did you? I emailed it to permitting. Yeah, I have it. I have it, yes. Okay, because I'm with me, but it's, no. You just verify him? Yes, I verify it. Okay, thank you, Clint. My only question is, I just want to make, and you stated this, but there'll be no traffic, no, course, please. No, the H-O-E is, I mean, part of the, I'm, I'm live right across the, right around the block from part of the H-O-E restrictions is no on-site sales, so they don't want the traffic. And I don't, I don't want the traffic in my house. So you do this for businesses. They can send you to gun, you're going to stay up a month. Correct. Basically, marking their information onto the file. And returning that. And returning back to the file. So no different, obviously, I own some of your products. So no different than what you're currently doing now, right? Absolutely not. No one would ever know that what's going on. It's just the only reason is I'm requesting a letter because it makes it smoother. Trip for the H-O-E. Any, any public already, what's the pleasure of the council? I guess it's rather easy. Motion to approve. All right, motion by Ms. Shumpan. Second, Mr. Leno, the further council