All right. All right. Good evening, everyone. And welcome. We're nice to see everyone. Thursday, August 10, 2023. The time is 6 p.m. We welcome you to Youngso City Hall. It's the regular schedule meeting of the Youngso City Council and mayor. If you'll please join with me in standing this evening. Our invocation will be led by Pastor Chris Williams from Pentecostals of Youngsville. Pastor Chris, are you here with this this evening? All right. Any volunteers? Perhaps to lead us in the invocation? Lenten? All right. Mr. Linton-Bruce Sard. Let's follow our heads, please. Heavenly Father, today we're gathered as your people to discuss things that are important, not just to our community, but to you. And so God, we ask that you preside over this meeting. Allow us to honor you, to honor and respect each other, and to show how important it is for us to serve, and to be one and united. So that our community can continue to grow. And those who don't live here would want to live here. To God, let us lead with your heart and honor you today and every day of our lives. God, this meeting in Jesus' name, amen. Thank you, sir. And this evening, our pledge of allegiance will be led by Councilmember Ken Stansbury. I would like to lead you in the presence of the United States of America and to the Republic for which to stand the reanimation under God, the individual, the liberty and justice for all. All right. Good evening again. This evening we have a few of Madam Clerk. Yes, we're doing something new with our new software, roll call. Mr. Volgiano. Mr. Romero. Mr. Stansbury. Miss Champagne. All right. We have several persons, our organizations here to address the Council this evening. The first, I know I'm anxious to hear and learn more about our friends from Arca, Miss Stacy Brunette, Principal Terrio, I saw Dr. Luella Riggs cook is here also, Mr. Terrio, at the whole team, I believe. My friend, I'm so sorry I forgot your name, the principal of the elementary school. Head of school. Okay. I'm going to need the new org chart. But anyway, our friends from Arca are here this evening to present their renderings of the athletic complex for Katie and at Renaissance Charter Academy. So I'm sure everyone would like to take it over. Miss Brunette, if you'd like to approach the podium, you can start from. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you, Council. Thank you, everyone. I used to be a cheerleader, we're good. So my name is thank you, Brunei, I'm the director of external affairs department, the USA and the Louisiana. And thank you so much for giving us some time. But what I wanted to do tonight is I wanted to introduce you guys to our wonderful staff here in Youngville. And also give you guys an update on what's going on at our school. So first