part of our Of our administration and of the of the city. It's always kind of a sad moment But it's also so proud for me and for our team to to look at how far we've come during that individuals 10 year and tonight With Ben it's certainly no exception. I've been joined the team just over six years ago as our city treasurer lifelong resident of of Young'sville So he brought so much to the table just from his personal knowledge of the community His family and so forth Six years in the position a lot has certainly changed. I don't have an update on what our budget was six years ago or what We look like at that time, but it has been a heavy lift. I would say to to say in the least That it was it was certainly a heavy lift him Ben I'm so proud of everything that you've done for us in the city and for leading us through All those consecutive years of budgets great audit reports But beyond that I think you're just your friendship and having you in the office seeing you every day In the break room Ben's a little bit of a creature. I have it. So I eat my lunch late So typically I'll be in the break room when he's coming back to make the afternoon pot of coffee from his lunch So hope we can continue that type of relationship as you start the next chapter of your life But sincere thanks to you on behalf of myself our team our council colleagues And the citizens of Young'sville. I mean you certainly exceeded expectations that I set forth when we met Six years ago in fact when we first met I told Ben I said I don't I said why don't you help me out through a little bit of a transitional period until we find the next person Because Ben was looking for work at that time after a long and distinguished career in the oil In the oil field and I said if you don't like it, you don't have to stay well It he liked it. He stayed and I've enjoyed every minute of it. I hope that you have as well. So On behalf of all of us It's a pleasure and a privilege to see even into to present you with a key to the city But before before we do that, I just kind of wanted to open it up if Whether it's Catherine or any of the council members have anything that they'd like to to share and In gratitude of Ben Miss jump on thank you, Mayor I can't say enough. Thanks to you Ben. It's gonna be hard not to you Every month and I just want everyone You know, I had the privilege to work with you as well as on this council and and get to know you wonderful wife death But also