no public comment. Is called the vote. Ms. Champagne all in favor motion approved. All right Mr. Chad you're all set sir. And welcome to Young'sville and look forward to watching get your house built sir. So thank you. All right we'll go ahead and move on to announcements. Pam you want to go first. As I was trying to swallow my water. Well I think that we'll get a 10 after I think the most important part is the fact that we got concurrence from F. P. N. C. So that we can sign the contracts for the final G. M. P. for phase one for both highway 89. And then for the fortune road roundabout. Currently on the fortune road roundabout project the contractors already set the subgrade based on his early work and he is ready to start placing his line and start treating his subgrade. So he's ready to move and this was going to be then like once he had done that he had to finish doing his pawn and he was ready to rock and roll. So I think it was good and we focused all of our time in trying to get those two projects advancing and spending whatever time we needed to spend with facility plan control to get that done. So we also will work in heavily to address comments on LaRivia road from DOTD as well. We're finalizing the cost estimate plans are done so that we can make a resubmital to them. 2024 or 2022 roadway improvements. We're going to our next step is to go back to address driveways to add some asphalt and to address driveways and some punchless items yards things like that on the 2022 roadway. So we're going to do the four roadway we just kind of put we stopped working on that so we could do the focus on LaRivia and highway 89. So now that we're getting all that next week we'll get back to finishing up the plans so we can put the road 2024 roadway improvements out to bid. Julia and Cully that is your LWI detention pond the survey is complete and we're going to have to get the environmental. We've got some environmental feedback from our solicitation to the different environmental agencies of some archaeological stuff that they'd like us to do so we need to get with the property owner so that we can get on their property to do their archaeological move. currently for Bayou Park Purdue and Koolie LaSalle finishing our modeling's done we're in the process of remapping so as you know your detention ponds did allow or did result in a lowering of the BFE and there's a whole process to get that remapped and while we're doing that we're taking in as going through and as many subdivisions we had several subdivisions through the maps of 2018 there might have been a tenth difference and so a bunch of those people were