What we for the public's benefit. Well, we've we've done we've partnered with the Katie and a veterans alliance the AVA to give them a fundraise and opportunity. That's in conjunction with our local BFW 90 post 9 to 10 so there'll be engraver bricks veterans for anyone that's veteran or you know that's the idea but it could be for anything you want really similar to the bricks we have in the front here. So they have all the information they need and think we'll have a great opportunity to raise some funds to benefit. Two great veterans organizations not only our local chapter of the BFW but also the the AVA so it should be some good stuff. I did speak with Andrew. I don't know I know you spoke to him as well. He recently told me he was waiting on a call with Kim at Bricks RS. Oh, because there's some online stuff you have to set up and I don't know I think you still working with Angie. Yeah, it should be soon. Yeah, we think so. So all right. Thank you Terry. Appreciate it. The name for the dog park. I think we settled. Hopefully everybody. I don't know if I've shared it. The park park park at the young so far. So. Yeah, I can say I want to name. So we have some cool logos to go on a nice nice size appropriate monument sign for the front of it. So it should be should be fun. So all right. Thank you. Terry. Appreciate it. Keep. We had a little rash. A car bird agrees that the sports complex. We were able to determine a suspect due to the cameras place around the city. And some other methods of the investigation. And the department has continued to operate. Although morale is low due to all this hanging over the heads. But we were able to solve those. Hopefully if they haven't been the charges haven't been added onto the suspect because they were caught at another location in another parish. We're working together with other agencies. We were able to piece together and get some GPS locations with put them right in our ballpark park and not. So I'm just waiting to get with the other agencies to see when we'll have a joint meeting. I appreciate it. One thing one thing I didn't mention about the road projects. But I just want to put on everybody's FYI that we are working on it. I brought down some preliminary plans not plans conceptual drawings for what a long line a road extension could look like. So we've been we've been vetting different concepts in that area. And Pam and I worked on it this week. This one we really take and exist existing Shim and Agriob. Straight in that awkward curve. We've had long line a ridges states in that around the long line a the farm there are the nursery. So