properly like that. Okay. So let me ask this question. Are we voting on simply the amendment now? Or do you have other adjustments that you like to make within the budget? Because if so, we can do it the amendment by amendment or you can do it. The budget as amendment, depending upon if you have other questions related relative to the budget. Okay. Councilman, are we, I'm assuming that we're financially sound as to ahead. I mean, can we just bottle three at once? Does it have to wait every any days? I think in this situation by the time we would get them in and then have the graphics done. It can carry over. So I think it would be fine if, if necessary, if they're available. I'd rather just get it. If they're available, I'll just get them all through at the same time. I don't see the point of waiting 90 days. Every 90 days just for the sake of doing it. If they're available, if they're available and we have, and we have the funds to do that, I don't, I'd rather just get them all at once and put them on. I think we can't predict the future. And if we, if we were available to do that now. I just think that you might go from this is, yeah, this is probably the most conservative budget I've dealt with in 10 years being on council. I'm actually a little worried where revenue is going to go for the rest of the year. I know in my industry, which is the car industry, it's going up. We had a discussion earlier today, me and the mayor. I agree black and white vehicles easy to find. White is probably a little bit harder than black. White units are a lot harder because it depends on the type of white unit you're getting. But yeah, being commercial fleet type vehicles are not, you know, in a shortage right now. I guess I should say. I think, you know, with the chief actually saying he would be okay with that. It's just prudent upon us as a council to be very conservative right now. Again, it's just my motion solely to add to it. That's how I feel. I'd like to have that amendment added. Is there any other council discussion? So we have a motion. We have a motion and a second and that's to approve the budget as amended with the making the cars. Three purchases spaced out at least 90 days for each. Okay. Yeah, and and a sir. Yeah, and a surplus. Okay. So let's vote on the motion as amended, please. Are the vote on the budget as amended. Councilman Romero and the shampoes motions. All in favor with the exception of Mr. Volchiano motion approved. All right. So, I want to thank you for the time that you've spent to share your input with this. I certainly want to thank