you up in the office as I come in to get the scoop on young zoolas Chatted up at her coffee, but I'm sure I'm sure we'll be able to see at the house and uh one joy some family functions over there But enjoy the retirement and y'all enjoy the grandkids and do the things that retirees do Thank you So I'm sorry something just quickly came to my mind as we're talking about it You know, I say you're very you're very predictable. Well, there was about a year or two ago where the uh Popeyes chicken sandwich came out Do you remember that? Been we okay someone was still here. I got a really good laugh Ben Ben was so looking forward to having a Popeye he I keep hearing about this Popeyes chicken sandwich and chicken You know, it was the so it's like You know go get your one, you know, so he had he had planned it out he had mapped his route for lunch Just what he's gonna do handle it and Someone you remember the there's the story Yeah But I well, I don't want to I don't I mean, you know you tell a story and it kind of changes a little bit Anyway, so Ben goes to get his Popeyes chicken sandwich and I don't know at what point he realized that he actually went through Wendy's Yeah, but anyway, I hope I hope you did get that chicken sandwich after all I don't think Wendy's Yeah, I don't think Wendy's had a chicken sandwich But uh, I said I think you would have noticed the wrapper of the The sandwich on a cup or something some on says what about the big sign outside But anyway, thank you. Thank you for the last. Thank you for the friendship and uh, hopefully T-Dev is Is ready for you there. So she's warmed up that retirement seat for you. So that's cool Well, I just want to say congratulations. We'll miss you some big shoes to feel you welcome to come back and brew the coffee every afternoon Usually I look up, but it's about two or three Welcome it You know, I'll miss you know the story and you know you're very involved with I think I think the goal is ready to take you through the next threshold She's gonna she's gonna move it up even further. Yeah I know we're leaving it in good hands. Thank you Ben Any words of advice for For Catherine any of us Hey, keep doing what you're doing. It's working Thank you The console the console is is a great console. You all all seem to reach the decisions You have great staffers and you know directors in place. So I love it. I know you've come to me usually when you're gonna plan something big and you want to know what my opinion is Because I've been a resident from July