use that was being that applied at that time. So this was initially part of our guess it may still be technically applied at this part of a million circle. There was a trailer there that was part of a million circle. You recall that you had previously worked with the current landowner to allow there to be some flexibility in the use because of the drive through that was positioned there. So I'm clen anything that you want to add to this? Yes. So prior the original FreeZones, their layout had two 18-foot driveways. It was a one-way, it was like a horseshoe with the snowball stand in the middle of it. So then came to us for a variance in the green belt. So she was wanting the same thing. So I had her come tonight for the same bearing. Was this the same footage variance that we gave on that? I know that's about two years ago. It was a while out. I didn't look it up to see exactly what it was reduced to. I'm not certain for the green belt. How would the thing get? It was five feet in the back. Is there going to be a sidewalk requirement now? The new development? They will be required to put a six-foot sidewalk. Is that built into your plans? Well, and so the six-foot sidewalk goes inside the city, the city's right away, so it doesn't take a part of that property. Yes, and so is it going to put side-back a figure there? There was plenty of room in there. Can you tell me a little bit more about your business and what kind of traffic or is appointment only? You just kind of tell me a little bit. It would be appointment only. It would be a small photo studio that I would really mainly do headshots and newborns would be my main thing. It would usually typically just be myself, mom, and baby there. I would need much parking space. Are you looking to do new construction or bring a building in? New construction. What about my sister-in-law? She's with PPM here in Young'sville. Hi. Miss Shumphine. Good to have KSC as a sister-in-law. I agree. Could be a beautiful building. Clint, were there any stipulations in the first right turn out in right turn out because it around about or you don't think there'll be a problem? I don't remember. Recall. I think there was. I remember that was one of the concerns I had in PAM at its home was addressing it with me because I was worried about the drive being so close to that round about with the miles per hour and everything coming out of it. The way they have the parking lot done, it's the handicap spot for this from the street so that it would allow a little space and on the far and closest to the fence for people to be able to back