guys to know, how I use my analogy of where it's just 10 per acre, half acres five, Mr. Chappelle, I'm sure you'll correct this when you have the opportunity to speak, but I think the difference here would be to be able to do like six instead of five on this subject piece. And he's not in his head, so I think that's what we're talking about. The second one, the minimum frontage on each townhome today in the ordinance is 25 feet. And Mr. Chappelle is asking that that gets decreased to 23 feet. So reduction of two feet per each one of the townhomes. And then the final request is to remove the floor plan restriction requirement. And council, I'm sure you may be correct me if you feel, if you recall that it was differently. My recollection of the intention at that time was basically just to, I don't know that it was really driven on the inside of what the floor plans were, per se as it was really the exterior facade. We were trying to avoid there being just a blank, straight canvas. And we wanted there to be some change in plain, some sort of character in the design. So that's where the floor plan restriction requirement, they wanted to see repeating more variety in the facades as opposed, and we have this similar one. That was modeled in part by, there was a code that we have for commercial development. If buildings are longer than, they think of like a supermarket. If a building's straight, they wanted there to be some recessed elements that protrude further out, basically just to give it some design characteristics. So anyway, those are the three there. At the appropriate time, if y'all wanna show kind of what's being proposed here. 100 Eugene Street from my calculation is 0.442 acres. So it's just under half acre. And that's how I was able to determine, half acre would allow you to have five. If the variance would be allowed for them to go to 23 foot frontage and being able to have 11 per acre would increase this to be six on the property, as I already mentioned. And then the last comment that I have, I think just for introductory comments, is I wanted to share that this particular parcel is about 215 feet long and about 102 feet wide, roughly, so about 100 feet wide and about 215 feet deep. So you can kind of do the math and say, okay, well, if there's four town homes on them, 25 feet, that's about 100 feet. So 100 feet of town homes to give you an idea. And I know I said six, so that would be six times 25 on a 215 foot lot. So I just bring that up because the reason for the so many per acre was so that way there was still green area and other elements for parking or just green