I need to be quick. Mr. Tim thank you. I mean the doing a wonderful job. I was at the jamboree for the girls volleyball and 580 girls and I kind of started to reflect back when we first started it. We had like what 200 maybe we have probably close to 180 and then we're at 580 girls and y'all are doing a wonderful job. Getting them in getting them out. I went to a couple of practices and so Louisiana volleyball is doing a great job but I just wanted to come in. John that. Thank you. Are there any other staff announcements or she did. Sure. Thank you everybody for coming tonight. First I want to thank Laura Siger. She's been instrumental in my transition and my position currently. As far as the police department goes we've had staff meetings across the board. I'm just getting everybody on board given my goals and expectations for the department. Started one on one. I'm almost halfway done with everybody to get their goals and expectations for the department for themselves. I'm going to start proactively recruiting to fill our open vacancies that we currently have. I meet several public contacts in the last couple weeks that I've been here. I want to thank everybody and looking forward to meeting as many people in the community as I can. And lastly just thank the council and the mayor for y'all support their matriotion also. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Are there any other council announcements? Mr. Boljana. I'm sorry. Oh no. All right. Free. Oh my apologies. Thank you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yes. Yes. Mr. Sivell. I will address what you mentioned earlier. We've had meetings and I do think that conversation is going to be coming towards the council here shortly. We're working with the current chief and the officers were at a meeting with them. And it was a great conversation and we're going to continue moving forward on all the priorities for the police department. Excuse me. $105,000. How much do you get in the number? 50. If you don't feel the concerns of this item, you stick $105,000. Why less? I'm under the attendance right now. Thank you for your comments, but I just want you to know that it is being addressed and it will be here probably at the next meeting. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. All right. This motion to adjourn by Mr. Volchano, second by Mr. Linu, all in favor. All right. Meeting adjourned. Thank you so much for attending.