And if you bring somebody in from the outside, you're slapping their face. You're a hundred percent slapping their face. Okay. We trust them. We believe them. Mr. Sevelle, this is not an agenda. I am sure we would like that. I as a city. Thank you. We understand. No, I think the confusion you have, Mr. Sevelle, with the $10,000 is probably the approval of our defense attorney with the litigation into our investigation as well as the attorney fees for the chief in his office. I'd like to come out and list that. No, so that's still a litigation. I still in litigation. But where do we stand? How do we stand? That where you stand is the chief's attorney contacted me to dismiss the lawsuit. And once the, once the chief resigned yesterday, the formal pleadings for dismissal have been prepared and I'm waiting for Mr. McGeed assigned them. They will be the action will be dismissed. It'll be dismissed. But with that being said, that money was not spent. The money was not spent. Okay. But my question is, did you have the authorities and you brought it up? We don't know. That's what we're waiting for. So we're waiting for that. When are we going to get that? Well, we've spent long. Sounds like the law seats being withdrawn. No, no, no, we can't walk away from that because you'll made it. If you made a mistake, we'll learn from the defendant. We're not the prosecutor. Well, Charles, still you still need to know you are our guys and ladies. I would love to know, Mr. Sevelle. Then we should know. But we're not the one who will issue. And you just can you still at the end of the day find the answer. No, unfortunately not. That's the chief's attorney wanted the suit dismissed. I'm asking you, sir. He is a legal question. I promise you. I promise you. I can't you can't I cannot. Can you coach our league? Can you find out the answer? You're our leader. Mayor. Yes, sir. Can I find out what's her? Can you find out if we have the authority to investigate that? That was the that is the intention of the litigation of which we're the defendant in the plane of his requested that there be a withdrawal of that. I understand that. But for future reference, if this ever comes out again and comes about, can you find out where we won't have that same mistake? If there was a mistake, can you find that out where we won't go down that same matter? Mr. Sevelle, we believe that there was clear there's attorney general opinions that support it. You can go to the clerk's office and read our last filing in our brief. It clearly delineates our position. And why we feel that that's the case. We're not going to we're not going to prognosticate that we're going to have this problem again. So