businesses, tads, other locations, where there is a lot of traffic in those locations that you see people coming there. So from a hotel perspective, to get people to come here, we have to have things that they are going to want to do there. And I think that's the dialogue. How are we trying to set that up in the future, correct? I'm posing you back to them now. I'd really like to understand, do they want that to be a suburban area? Or do they want it to be a commercially developed space that has people that there's places to go and things to do outside of the Shimon Metery Business Corridor? And that location, more of us closes at 8 p.m. That would be the only thing that a hotel inhabitant could go to outside of getting in their vehicle because it's not a walkable area. I can't have a hotel occupant who can go to the Rouse's area without getting in the vehicle. And I'm really trying to cater to walkability. That's all I got. Well, we appreciate you buying that corner to try to bring some life to it. Thank you so much. Good job, any questions? Not right now, but we may miss Boris. I just wanted to say that, yes, that area to me is residential. There is commercial availability, but that commercial availability to me would be Church Street, Lafayette Street. That's the walkability when we were growing up was to the schools, to our neighbors, to the park. And I understand you're trying to get your customers to be able to go to commercial walkability areas. I think the mayor has done well with trying to do the connectivity from the sports complex to that area to the sports complex. And yes, there's not a lot of commercial directly connected to the sports complex area. I think it's coming that way, hopefully. But no, the area you're talking about first, second, third, fourth, fifth, railroad, Jacques. Yeah, I would consider Jacques residential. Avenue A and B, I consider that residential. The city does. Not necessarily. No, I don't think in everything around here. There is no zoning. In there's a large bill of urban district, and that's where it's all done. The urban district of Lafayette. That's a concept. No, that's part of the lane. Yeah, really, did that? That was part of the floor. In 2013. Mr. Coma. Hey, Jamie Coma. To answer this gentleman's question, I think, like Miss Shannon said, I think Lafayette Street, Church Street originally that was our commercial development. As you can see in his photo he had up there, Mr. Freeman had a little, I think it was a blacksmith shop at the moment. So maybe down that part of first street, that would be your commercial area. The parts that we're talking about, that the residents have expressed concern over building kind of minions is, I think the area that they don't want,