working with the property owners to see which would be best before we start doing any significant survey or design. Anzalim Kuhli, regional detention pond. We are finished the drainage study and almost finished the environmental. We just have to do an archeological dig and finishing up the plans for that project. Any questions for Pam? All right, thanks, Pam. Susan. So we are wrapping up the design of the wastewater treatment plant upgrade. When the rate studies done, we'll be ready to go. Did you get the final report on that? So we're reviewing it now. Okay. I'm going to share it with you. The cooler Catherine, if you weren't copied on it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Great. For pump station four, that is being advertised for beds at Bids July 9th. For the water treatment plan, of course, we got those four beds. We're asking for more money from the water sector. Water sector committing is June 20th. So we'll be attending that and asking for that money. The elevated tank and the water line interconnections, those are dependent on what happens with the water sector committee. And then for the Sugar Mill Pond upgrade, we're working through the route with tragic homes, who's working for Jordan Dagle. We're arning that out and then we'll start laying that out. What's not listed is the pump station three upgrade that we're working on. We put the force main in for the streetscape project. Now we're ready to bid the pumps. So we're finishing that and we'll be ready to bid by next month. Okay. Any questions for Susan? All right. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Chief, anything you'd like to share? Thank you, Mayor. Our department's doing great. Just a little numbers wise. Last month we responded to 783 calls, which our patrol section just really impresses me every day to do a great job. Schools are right now. So we have all of our school resource officers that are hitting the streets as well. So more boots on the ground to help us out on a daily basis in all of our neighborhoods that we have. Also just a reminder, I know I've been put in our social media vacation notification that we have on our website. If you visit our website, any of you guys or family members going out of town notify us your dates, your times, vehicles that are going to be at your residence. And in addition to our own patrols that we do every day, we can key in on those houses and just make sure we keep in you and your family's things safe while you're gone. We're happy to help anyway we can. Again, vacation notifications year round, but obviously it picks up in the summertime. So thank you. Thank you, Chief. Tim. Thanks, Mayor. Sports programming. That supports complex for us right now. The YSC baseball and soccer all-star, all the pre-all-stars are underway. And then all their world series