we don't need to know that answer. We would have loved it. The citizens need to know the answer because if you were wrong, you were wrong. And we don't need to do it as as a board anymore. Mr. Sevelle, I can't control the dismissal by the chiefs attorney. Mayor Ken Ritter. Can you please make sure that we don't do it again. And the only way to do it is to get the ruling. And granted you're the defendant. So what? So what is that if I'm a defendant? Who would you need to do to find it? You do that all the time. Talk to your friend. Which friend? Chief Pudra. That's who you're here representing. Absolutely. And I am not representing him. Well, I think that if they're ever drawing the lawsuit, talk to them about withdrawing the lawsuit. That's the easiest line of defense. I apologize. We're in a formal setting. You're mayor. My name is mayor. You're welcome to call me however. At the end of the day, you're our leader. We need to know if you guys were going down the wrong avenue. We need to know that as citizens. Well, what I what I will tell you from my observation is that you have a team of leaders here that were committed to obtain that answer. So I was unaware that this litigation is being withdrawn. So we you have a team of leaders here that wanted that answer. But can you still get it for well, I don't know our legal options at this point until that's been answered. Mr. Seville again, the chief elected to dismiss his declaratory action. There is nothing a defendant can do to proceed. He can't find out. Sure you can. I would you know, if you want the closest thing to an answer, Mr. Seville, I would call judge Earl's its chambers and he may be able to give you some insight on that. You should be able to find out we know this. Okay, you don't want this to go down the avenue again. You don't want to if it ever happens again for the city, we don't ever want it to happen like this again. Let me let me ask you a couple questions. Sure. I may. Yesterday and today I've received about six public records request. Yes. So since we're talking about financial things, each one of those just know there's a cost to. I'm happy to sit with you with whatever you want to know. I feel like I've extremely transparent with the way we operate our government. If there's something in particular, I'm happy to work with you on it. I'm happy to work with you. I understand that you know what, after our conversation yesterday, I'm assuming that you visited with him on it. But at the end of the day, I do have stuff that I am going to bring, but I'm not going to bring it at