we've suggested that they be placed So if there was a motion and a second any council comment we were welcome that at this time Any public comment related to yeah, yes, sir. Yeah, I would like to just kind of discuss for a minute What were other permitting fees like when you research and yeah, did you see the number? Yeah It's in a range of 200 Okay, pretty no okay Yeah, and that's something to me we wanted you know, I'm I'm I'm open to feedback about that. I mean today young sort of does not have an occupational permit I mean just to kind of set the like larger 30,000 view We have a voluntary registration system We have a business directory so that way we can help promote businesses that are doing business with us We ask that they we just have like an emerge contact emergency contact for law enforcement It's a voluntary registration system. That's on our website on the homepage and you can have a directory There of those that are doing business in our community. It's not a requirement So just give some thought to that you know about as we move this forward so on sales tax. I'm not aware of So if a food truck comes in like I don't know wherever you know set up in arouses and start selling There is a rule or there's a you know dictating where they actually pay Sales tax to the best of my knowledge. They should be remitting sales tax in the jurisdiction that they're selling So even if they have a location Somewhere else we can we can find that out from the sales tax offer. I mean that that's my ex that's my understanding But I don't I don't want to make it Will so I think it's the same but I can verify that It's good question. I think if they go unincorporated and jump into Young'sville. Yeah, it's mobile. Right. I'm just I'm curious how that works Well, this would quit. I mean, we mean the couple that are operating here. I mean this would basically Kind of force that conversation and you know, I think we would probably learn something We have find out from the sales tax office. We can also You know going through this. I mean, it should just be adopted and become an ordinance of the city We can learn a little bit more about it make sure that we're You know addressing it appropriately What in for the next meeting before we officially adopted I would like to have a conversation or if y'all want to give some thought to it You know is the intent Do we envision having permanent food trucks, right? You know, we have a lot of restaurant owners that spend a lot of money You know ricks and mortar and then you get somebody that just Has this little shop right here and then has a