the building so we can create more mat space to try to relieve the pressure from our waiting list. And the reason why we want to expedite is because if I don't, you know, people have got to in touch with Jitsu through who we are, certified training center, one of only two in the state. So they recognize the name through the pipeline. So if I don't capitalize on the expansion and additional parking, you know, and getting these kids off the waiting list and students off the waiting list, I should say, they'll go somewhere else. So we'd like to keep them right here. And yeah, so, you know, that's where we are. Any, if Ramami again, the size of the building, 21 by the addition, the addition 15 by 60, 15 by 60. We said 21 at first, but after we did some new measurements, we went with 15 out because we kind of changed the design of what we're doing back there for the expansion of the mat. So 15 wide by 60 wide by 15 all. Any questions from Mr. Myers? What is the request of 15 by 60 on the rear of the building? So that would be, if you're going down, I guess, that's the second string. Second. I'm going to school in church, you're running to me right there. Right. Yeah, but if you're going down, I guess, like, second string, second string. Yeah. And Courtney, the building really looks nice. You painted it and added the black trim. It really, it made a big difference. We just did, they just put up our light up LED sign that we were super excited. So I can't wait till it gets dark so we can see it. Sorry. I'm trying to get that going so you guys see us at night also now. Motion to approve. All right. Thank you, Ms. Sean. Let's see. I think it was. Good. Mr. Stan's very second. All right. Any public comment or council questions? All right. Ms. Gidrupp, please call the vote for Mr. Courtney. Good morning. Yes. Mr. Volcano. Yes. Mr. Romero. Yes. Mr. Stan's very. Yes. Ms. Shampai. Yes. Motion approved. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. I agreed. I think it looks great. So we keep on the great work. We've got to finish it up. You know, we still got a lot of plans with finished painting and stuff after we do the expansion. I wanted to look better than you guys wanted to look. Trust me. So we're chipping away at it and I appreciate the patients and allow me to do what we do here. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Resolutions 5.1 resolution 2023 20 resolution adopted in the Louisiana compliance questionnaire for audit engagement for the city of Yomzo for the fiscal year June 30 2023. Move to that resolution number 2023-20. Thank you. Motion by Mr. Romero. Second. Second by Mr. Leneut. This is a normal process