this project will be let out. I forgot if it's in September or December, December. But this is the one that, as you know, we've been talking about it for some time. There's a couple funding sources here. Our match is going to come from our match bond issue, but on this particular, I mean, the job overall is about a nine million dollar project. This is just what we anticipate to be able to facilitate and by the end of this fiscal year. And we're also, sounds like we're going to be successful in using our match dollars that we receive for taking over Highway 89. We're applying that to this project, which in essence lowers the amount that we're coming out of pocket. So it's a lot of moving pieces on it, but it's largely all grants except for, well, this year it's 188,000. It's going to be a local match. Item number 12, this is only a portion of this nine million dollar project, am I correct? Yeah. That's the first phase of it, Ben. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. This next fiscal year. Yeah. Yeah, it's all designed. It's all funded. We're just, we're just putting in here what we're going to, what we think just be able to see. Yeah. But we're going to get some more state funding to complete that project. We have it. We haven't already. Good. Yeah. Good. Item 13, Fortune Road preservation project. Again, street improvements. You get in a Federal Highway grant of 520,000. The 25% match is 130,000. So the total or the sub total for street capital projects fund out of this fund. And of course, there's a lot of matching items in here. But it totals out to 20,299,000. So it's over half of our total that we're going to look at on page seven. It's about 36 million, as was pointed out, in the budget message. Utility fund projects, you've got water utility. We have an L.D.H. revolving loan and a water sector grant total for that project. It's about $3.5 million. It's for a water treatment plan. Item 16 is another fairly significant item. It's water system interconnectors or connections. And it's 200,000 from the L.D.H. revolving loan, as well as the water millage and utility operations of 125,000. The water well controls, again, about an 800,000 dollar project. A lot of this is from the L.D.H. revolving loan. Mayor, what is the interest rate on that revolving loan, as you recall? .95. .95. Yes, sir. That's great. Yeah. Take plenty of that. Yeah. The good news with water. We said we have a .95% line of credit. But this is where we were all successful in getting 5.6 million in the water sector improvements of grant. That's a complete grant. Yes. And we have quite a few years. I'm sure to repay that loan at .95. I remember it was 20. Wow. That's great. OK, the next item is item 17 water panel upgrade