if I'm wrong. But right now we're receiving, I think 71,000 is our, is our annual allocation from Latvia Paris. It did decrease to like, uh, than 56. So we're back, we're now basically on a three year flat, you know, number, um, where our appropriation has been, I think, up to 1.5 million. Yeah. So it was 71,000, I think for this year too. So 2022, 2021, 71,000. It was at 56. They went down on it. Don't really remember why I think it was a lot of funding to, from 56 to 42,000 for two years and then it went back up to 71. Um, I know that they, I think it's staying at 71. From understanding and then they're supplying the tanker like he said. What about, do you have 2015? I stopped at 2018. Okay. I just remember it, I felt like it went down. It did go, it stayed down before it. It did go down and I think what they did was they allocated some of the funds to supply part-time guys in duties to song and Milton. If I remember correctly, that's what they kind of doubled around so that they would have people there during the day while they're volunteers where I was and stuff. Same amount is going to the other municipalities. Or roughly, I guess, depending on the time. 71, I believe is and then they supplement them a little bit more for their part-time guys. If I may be mistaken, but I believe that's how it goes. Okay. No, it's going to differ. I remember I think at one point the money had went down whenever, when, when, uh, not one one or the life of a part dispatch center had an upgrade emergency system or dispatching. They pulled money from the parish on for that upgrade there is because theoretically those dispatchers dispatching inside as well. Now to my understanding, they're needing to upgrade some of the things as well. Paging towers, the paging us and whatnot and whatnot. They're from, I don't want to speak on behalf of anybody. If one of them understanding, they're wanting some of that portion of money to come from each parish municipality. And to me, the foot needs to be put down and LCD needs to go deeper than themselves and put what's a priority and then they need to pull the funds themselves. These tanker trucks, while they have ordered and they're praising them about them, they could have been ordered a long time ago, but when the aquafonds became available, instead of getting a consultant and knowing what they were going to do with it, they piddled with it and when the cost of inflation went up and the demand, it caused the delay process of getting them. So instead of getting them last year, we won't see them until the end of next year with you after. So it's not like you're just getting them today or tomorrow,