released the rest of the work we've been working on a lot of submittals procuring a lot of materials getting them to the site. The storm drainage and earthwork is going really well the earth works pretty much done the storm drainage is about 50% done and most of that stuff's getting off the critical path. Going forward over the next 60 days you'll start to see us put in concrete foundations maybe even some concrete pavement and building foundations maybe start on the seating on the amp with the aider. We're going to try to get as much of that work done as we can before like December winter weather gets here when it's drier. But later this year early next year you'll start to see buildings going up and fencing going up and more vertical type construction. Still on track to be finished for next summer and we'll be picking out colors with kin and his team over the next week or so for the buildings and breaking all that kind of fun stuff. That's pretty much where we are everything's on track everything's moving forward. The weather's been pretty cooperative and hopefully we get a little more cooperation and it'll make a big difference. Any questions? Good news is the design standpoint we're pretty much done and it's all you know we're making I mean we'll have some request for information that come up but it's largely all in the contractors hands and the design team questions are the contract and the design team working out some things but our heavy lift is really over. Yeah so be honest. Just execution operations in the field. All right thank you Stuart appreciate it. Thank you. Susan anything for the council welcome back. It's good to be back I haven't made it enough you meeting so apologize for that but for the wastewater plant we're working through the DEQ and LDH permitting we were close. For the pump station we have the DEQ approval we have answered the health department's comments so we're just waiting on that permit. And the water plant we are doing the final coordination for all of those projects so that we can hopefully go to bed very quickly. Perfect. That's it. All right thank you Susan the big critical path we've been waiting on is the rate study and we do have the state did assign a firm to do the rate study and we're in the back and forth with them right now. So we're actually wanting to make sure that before we embark on the project that we have appropriate rates in order to be able to pay the pay the loan back. Yeah so all right thank you Susan. Neil Shay for submitted your report they're still doing actual utility pot holding which is to identify the exact locations in the critical areas where the utility conflicts are likely. They're the ones that are doing the redesign of the Schimmemeteri and