time the first time versus us making full circle. So all the motion has been second and we can vote. That's all. Any other comment? Yes, Miss Creep. Since they're both agreeing on no multi-family homes, can we come back to yelling see what you all consider single family home on that laws that are trying to build the town homes? Or would be not the good investment that you all wanted? Well, as a developer, there's always considerations for other types of investment. Properties are adventures. If the council says deny, we have to accept that. So we have to look at other alternatives to help first beautify the area. And not take away from it, but add to it. And so that'd be a discussion between my partner and I. I can't say for a certainty what the alternative is tonight. Something we have to table. OK, thank you. Is there any other comment? OK, there's I guess there's two motions on the floor. One is to deny. And then the second one is to table. The first vote was for the first motion was made to table. The second one was to deny. Yeah. So we vote on the deny first. Deny first. Yes, the motion was made for denial first. No. Table first. And that did not receive a second. That's right. So that motion dies for lack of a second. OK, so then miss shop I made a motion to deny. And so that received a second. So you're voting on miss shop lines motion. Are we also implementing a moratorium? Or a toy? What about the moratorium? So the motion is to deny and invoke a moratorium. Yes, the multi-family home. And in what area just because the permitting office has other throughout the city? That's why I said with the moratorium we would have to define an area. Now maybe Mr. Lynn Gidry should we list it as Roivill? I would have to ask how that would be defined. So there's the my opinion there's parts of Roivill that could certainly accept commercial activity and possibly multifamily. So I wouldn't initially at least not, I think the Roivill district may need to be divided if this study happens. So no, I wouldn't use Roivill as the moratorium just now. I think as you mentioned or someone mentioned that needs to be defined within the Roivill district. We'll have to get a geographical boundary established for that purpose. So it may just be beneficial, Michelle, I have to remove the moratorium aspect of it till you or till the committee, till the council defines Roivill. OK, but I'm fine with that. Yes, Ms. Barrias, you had the second. Are you OK with that? Yes, I'm fine with that. Ms. Gidry, do you have it? OK, call for the vote. Everybody know what you're voting on? You're voting to deny the variant. And are we just doing this for 100 Eugene or are we taking