go through all of the, through the, you know, through his, his process. And then of course, pans review. Okay. So there's a motion by Mr. Romero that I think covered, covered everything. The point, no, how do we want to word that? No additional negative points? I think probably, I would encourage you to probably impose a point, yeah, you know, like a, you know, a number of points that need to be a number of points that need to be mitigated knowing that, but you know, number of points to, I'm sorry, I'm not trying to go more on you. I said a minimum of, I did say at no less than two. So somewhere between two and five, it's two positive. Yeah, that they need to, the community garden, the green space he has already. Okay. She's more of points. Uh, developer, developer also, but no, item four, developer also must meet a minimum of two positive points. So you have, you, you, you said you have about 40% green space today. So that is, um, I mean, that's just kind of like, so the code is 10% common area, right? We get, I think as it sits now already 6% just in that middle square. So if we, you know, say some of the other landscape areas around the sidewalks is also additional green space, we'll be able to hit that 10%. Um, so we're not at 40% of the common, the common green space, it's just as a whole, okay, because you're not divided. Yeah. If you don't divide it, because you're not so, correct, you're not divided. And, yeah, and detention, or detention can only be 50% of it. Yeah. Yeah. Which, subdued by, I would cause major issues. So I think it really is just incumbent upon you if you want to impose a, a, a, a negative point value, you know, right? Pam? Yeah. Just a negative point. And you can tell me which one it is. I mean, we said at least two positives. Well, it would be, what, I think what you would be doing is just creating a negative point system of whether it's, you say two or three. And then that's, hey, we're, we're allowing you to proceed with your concept. We're just asking you to, to mitigate two or three or whatever it's the council's pleasure. Yeah. Yeah. Just recognize we may have to work with you on how could you achieve that? Because we just identified a pool attendant like some of these things are just, yeah, you know, or not, or not out. I think, I think two is fair. Yeah. Yeah. That and then, and then him adding the, the, him adding the second exit into the default support, I think that's going to be a nice and minute to have for multiple reasons. So we want to positive to negative. In addition to your, in addition to your requirement. Yeah. Yeah. That's already,